Trump's campaign is bragging that not paying taxes makes him a "genius."What kind of genius loses $1 billion in a single year?
Alabama, California, South Dakota: Your deadline to register to vote is today. Time to check your voter registration and get your friends and family to do the same. 
Amazing update: Together, we've raised over $500,000 in the past 48 hours for groups working to protect children at the border. The Trump administration’s cruelty has caused a moral and humanitarian crisis for every American. Thank you for responding with compassion and action.
Got her back? #DebateNight 
Wonderful news: Selene has been released from detention and is on her way home now. Thanks to everyone who spoke out. 
Join @S_C_ in Cleveland for a concert to help get out the vote for Hillary! Text JAYZ to 47246 for all the details. 
Help rangers protect the elephants.Go to  #Tribeca2017
Lost in the news this week: A 40-year-old man died in CBP custody on Monday. He is the fourth person to die in detention in recent months. The other fatalities include a 7-year-old girl and an 8-year-old boy. Congress must investigate conditions. 
Virginia just became the 33rd state to pass Medicaid expansion. 400,000 lives will be improved by giving people access to health insurance.Bold ideas matter.Democratic values matter.Elections matter.
Good message anytime, especially now. #EmbraceAmbition 
"All the progress we've made these last 8 years is on the ballot." —@POTUSMake sure you're ready to vote: 
I wrote a Facebook post about a decision I made 10 years ago, what’s changed, &amp; on an issue you didn’t hear a single word about tonight. Take a look. 
We are not going to let big business and big corporations call the shots anymore. That is not working for us.  
Progress is on the ballot.  
@ashleyn1cole In times like these, you can never have enough text threads with girlfriends...
"Stand up and reject cynicism.  Stand up and reject fear.  Choose hope.Choose hope.Choose hope.Choose hope.Choose hope." —@POTUS 
This was a wonderful tribute to one of my all-time favorite #GutsyWomen. 
People across America have made their voices heard thanks to @IndivisibleTeam, and supported @swingleft's efforts to take back the House.
"Don’t you think it’s finally time to guarantee equal pay for women?” —Hillary in Pittsburgh 
If Trump wants to compare what he and Hillary have done for the last 30 years, by all means:  
The deadline to get covered by Obamacare is this Sunday, December 15. Head to  to find a plan that works for you, and talk to your friends and family to make sure they're covered!
Today is Hillary's birthday! Find out what she was doing the year you were born: 
Hillary's been called a lot of things over the years. "Quitter" isn't one of them.  
“If you elect me next Tuesday, that is the kind of president I will be.”  
Congratulations to @OnwardTogether partner @SwingLeft and grantee @Flippable_org for joining forces! After helping to flip dozens of seats in 2018, I'm thrilled they're uniting to target key state and congressional seats in this redistricting year. 
We can help these children get the help they deserve. And we can send a message to the administration that we won't stand for this. We just won’t. #CloseTheCamps
The title of this new book really says it all: "Somebody's Gotta Do It: Why Cursing at the News Won't Save the Nation, But Your Name on a Local Ballot Can." 
"Tomorrow is the election, but that is just the beginning." —Hillary  
Any human being can spread the virus, whether they’re a citizen or a permanent resident or a green card applicant or a refugee. Disease doesn’t discriminate, but this administration certainly does.
Eleven weeks ago, the administration was supposed to finish reunifying families it separated at the border. Eleven weeks on, families are still waiting and wondering when they'll see their loved ones again. Every additional minute they wait is an injustice.
"Most of them deserved it." —Donald  
Las Vegas, we are grieving with you—the victims, those who lost loved ones, the responders, &amp; all affected by this cold-blooded massacre.
There are excellent candidates running all over the country who will raise wages, bring down health-care costs, fight for justice, and provide some much-needed congressional oversight of the White House. Make sure you're ready to vote for them.
Today is the final day to sign up for 2018 health coverage. Go to  and get covered! 
These organizations are recruiting a new Democratic bench, defending rights, and organizing locally to fight for progressive policies that improve people's lives. I'm so proud.
Join me for a Broadway play (and some chardonnay) to support the work @OnwardTogether partners are doing to further democracy and fight for our values. Throw your hat in the ring here:  
"You have a chance to elect a woman, our first female president, who has spent her entire life moving this country forward.” —@POTUS
The facts are clear: Trump refuses to admit he is wrong on the Central Park jogger case and continues to peddle yet another racist lie. 
I strongly condemn today's attack in Jerusalem and my prayers go to the victims' families. The terrorists must be brought to justice. -H
"Tim is a good man. He’s a true progressive. And he will make a great vice president." —@POTUS on @TimKaine 
In 2011, Kavanaugh dissented when the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District Court upheld the consitutionality of the ACA. In 2017, he criticized Chief Justice John Roberts for ruling to uphold the law five years earlier.
RT if you agree we need to keep moving forward, not back.  
A year ago today, 17 families lost loved ones to gun violence that should never have happened. A community lost friends, teammates, and beloved coaches. Let's remember their stories today, as told by student journalists at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High.  
It gets worse. During the campaign I warned that the Rs would come after social security, Medicare, &amp; Medicaid &amp; now they are. Imagine buying a Rolex &amp; paying for it with money you saved to take care of your kids. That’s what Congress is doing w/ your tax dollars.
I called her today to tell her how proud I am of her and to make sure she knows what all women should: we deserve to be heard.
10 times Pence shrugged off or straight-up lied about what Trump has said and done at the #VPDebate: 
It's about time. Ladies, start your engines! 
"Remember, when they go low, we go high.” —@FLOTUS: 
We are at a fork in the road for reproductive rights in America. There has never been a more important moment to recommit to protecting access to a full range of health care—including safe and legal abortion—for all. 
.@IndivisibleTeam @swingleft @ColorOfChange @EmergeAmerica @runforsomething @GovHowardDean This year hasn't been what I envisioned, but I know what I'm still fighting for: a kinder, big-hearted, inclusive America. Onward!
I burst out laughing when I saw this video this morning. Hope it brightens your day. 
Family separation profoundly harms children and their parents and we must oppose attempts to continue it at every turn.  #familiesbelongtogether
"I want every public college and university to be tuition-free for every family making less than $125,000 a year.” —Hillary in Cleveland
Congresswoman Louise Slaughter was a tireless advocate for her constituents in New York. She showed me the ropes when I was first elected to the Senate in 2000, &amp; did the same for so many of our colleagues. I was lucky to call her a friend. She will be missed.
A new report from the @TXCivilRights Project has found shocking proof that the Trump administration lied about ending its inhumane policy of separating families at the border. Hundreds more separations have occurred. This is outrageous. 
Text JOIN to 47246 and get involved because the bigger the turnout, the bigger the statement we’ll make about the kind of country we are.
Grateful to everyone who performed and turned out at #BroadwayForHillary. A great reminder about how important it is to vote. -H 
"LGBT kids don’t need to be cured of anything. They just need to be accepted and loved and embraced.” —Hillary
Sign Hillary's birthday card to wish her a great (and historic) year to come: 
With just 8 days left, this can’t wait. RT if you agree Trump should immediately disclose all of his ties and connections to Russia. 
Statues are powerful things. When we cast figures in bronze, we immortalize their contributions to history.It took far too long for Sojourner Truth, Susan B. Anthony, and Elizabeth Cady Stanton to join Central Park's 23 male statues, but I'm so glad we're finally here. 
"I feel very, very angry. So much so that it still evokes anger and hurt." —Mae Wiggins, on experiencing discrimination by Trump's company 
This year has seen record-high temperatures across the world, the biggest wildfire in California history, and an unprecedented red tide in Florida. It's urgent that we act to curb climate change—and Brett Kavanaugh on the Supreme Court could make progress virtually impossible.
Above all, we need to find a way to restitch our fraying social fabric and rekindle our civic spirit. We need to bring back civics education in our schools. We need systemic economic reforms that reduce inequality and give a strong voice to working families.
“If Hillary doesn’t win this election, that will be on us.” —@FLOTUSDon't let that happen:  
And they're just getting started. You can support the @CGIU program here: 
Like clockwork, where Democrats win, Republicans seek to put new restrictions on voting. We have to be vigilant in the fight to protect and expand voting rights, law by law and state by state. 
Good question.  
The Trump administration tried to bury a federally-mandated climate change study by releasing it the Friday after Thanksgiving. Here's what they didn't want you to hear:
My heart goes out to Paris. Notre Dame is a symbol of our ability as human beings to unite for a higher purpose—to build breathtaking spaces for worship that no one person could have built on their own. I wish France strength and shared purpose as they grieve and rebuild.
Time to make the churros at Kreamy Ice Cream Shop in Puerto Rico. @ClintonGlobal and @Foundation_PR are working together to deploy $1.2 million in grants to local entrepreneurs as small businesses continue to recover from Hurricane Maria. 
"Trump...tarnish[es] almost everyone around him because to work with him, they have to defend the indefensible." 

Hillary’s speaking live in Akron, Ohio. Tune in now: 
Keith, who brings his mother with Alzheimer's to work with him because he can’t afford care for her during the day. 
"Every single one of us has something to contribute to this great country.” —Hillary 
We need to elect people up and down the ballot, at every level of government, who take climate change seriously and are ready to take it on.
That was quite a birthday surprise, @Adele. Loved the show last night! -H 
The president of the United States has betrayed our country. That’s not a political statement—it’s a harsh reality, and we must act. He is a clear and present danger to the things that keep us strong and free. I support impeachment.
More contributions mean more services, lawyers, and advocates for kids and families in need, so please continue to spread the donation link far and wide. Thank you, thank you, thank you. 
.@GretchenWhitmer never backs down from tackling the problems facing Michigan’s working families, and she was a key leader in addressing Detroit’s financial crisis. The Flint water crisis was a powerful motivator in Gretchen’s decision to jump in the race. 
A (non-exhaustive) list of all the terrible things Donald Trump has said about women: 
.@FLOTUS is with her. Are you?  
Babies should not be in detention. “At least nine infants younger than a year old, including one who is just 5 months old, are being held in ICE custody at a rural Texas detention center without care that's legally required.” 
Fighting against inhumane conditions at the border is a matter of conscience and law. A federal asylum officers' union argues the administration is forcing them to break their oaths by following orders contrary to domestic and international law. 
Ryan is still endorsing Trump. 
“We know the difference between leadership and dictatorship, and the peaceful transition of power is one of the things that sets us apart.”
Meanwhile, Senate Republicans rushed to pass so-called tax reform - a giveaway for those who least need it.
Our veterans and military families deserve better than what Donald Trump says about them. 
Thanks to @parentsmagazine for a great chat about what it was like to work on It Takes A Village with @MarlaFrazee. 
Let resistance plus persistence equal progress…here was my message to Democrats today.
“There is just no space to be anything but optimistic even in this moment of horror and disappointment in our leaders because we’ve had leaders like Eleanor Roosevelt before and we will again." When your daughter says it better than you ever could. Chelsea, I'm so proud of you. 
“If he doesn’t respect all Americans now, how can we trust him to serve all Americans in the future?” —Hillary on Trump
In this cycle, Native Americans are scrambling for IDs because of a new voting law that requires them to use identification that lists a street address rather than a P.O. box, which many who live on reservations have used for years. 
Such a lovely night in LA—thanks to everyone who came out to talk gutsy women with us! 
On average, Latinas make only $0.54 for each $1 white men earn. Time to close that gap. #LatinaEqualPay 
.@LatinoVictoryUS is dedicated to electing Latino candidates to all levels of government, building Latino political power, and "making Trump furious."
It is our obligation as Americans to dig deep in doing whatever we can to build the kind of future we want for ourselves—and our children. 
Nobody should wake up on November 9 and wonder whether there is more you could have done. 
"Hillary...crushed Donald Trump in the most effective series of debate performances in modern political history." 
We know that America is big-hearted, not small-minded. We want to lift people up, not tear each other down. 
In one week, we have the chance to flip 17 governorships from red to blue. Here are four incredible candidates who deserve your support:
I stand with the people of Puerto Rico as they protest the corruption and disgraceful behavior of their government. Like all Americans, they have the fundamental right—and duty—to hold their leaders to account.
Study after study shows that one of the best ways to get out the vote is to talk to potential voters in person the week before the election. It's not too late to sign up to help, and to bring a friend along with you: 
Five women older than their right to vote share why they're with Hillary: 
He spent his 30 years doing all the good he could, in all the ways he could, for as long as he could. Our prayers are with Tyrone’s family, especially his wife, Beth, and their huge community of devoted friends.
Want to hear some good news? About to talk to soon-to-be graduates at Medgar Evers College Commencement. Tune in!
Right now, we're ceding the future at great cost to ourselves and our people but also to the great delight of our competitors and our adversaries. At the @ClintonCenter yesterday, we talked about how the policies of the 90s can help inform the way forward. 
Such a terrific day visiting @ClintonFdn partners in Puerto Rico who are working on disaster resilience and recovery. The goals: building back better and #PuttingPeopleFirst. Tune in to  over the next few days for more on this work and how you can plug in. 
Mass shootings are not inevitable. The majority of Americans support common sense gun reform. Though we feel angry, heartbroken, even helpless now, we have the power to elect people who will protect lives, not gun sellers’ profits. Remember these feelings in November, and VOTE.
A man who bullies and shames a woman for her weight should never become president. 
We'll be in Seattle tonight with @WhitfordBradley! In addition to famously playing a White House staffer on TV, Bradley is a progressive activist in real life and I’m looking forward to chatting about what we can all do to help Democrats win in 2020. See you all soon.
We're not fighting for the planet in some abstract sense here. We're fighting for our continued ability to live on it. Call your senators: (202) 224-3121
On the day after the election, I hoped my fears for our country's future were overblown. They were not.
"Let’s break every single record. Let’s make that the story of this election.” —Hillary 
RT to let @TimKaine know you've got his back tonight. #VPDebate 
Yesterday, FBI Director Comey bowed to partisan pressure and released a vague and inappropriate letter to Congress. What you need to know: 
.@FLOTUS is “someone who reminds us to work hard, stay true to our values, and never stop fighting for what we believe in." —Hillary
Leaders around the world should treat the new @IPCC_CH report as a call to arms. We have barely 10 years to ward off catastrophic warming with destabilizing effects for all of us. Our children and grandchildren deserve action, and action now. 
It’s Election Day and polls are officially open. When will you vote today? Confirm where to go here:  
If you've looked at a problem that needs solving in your community and thought to yourself "Someone should really do something about that!" I've got some news for you: That someone could be you. #NationalRunForOfficeDay 
Donald thinks belittling women makes him a bigger man. It just makes him a bully. #DebateNight
We should make public colleges tuition-free for working families and debt-free for everyone.
With just 8 days until Election Day, Hillary is speaking in Ohio. Join her live: 
Our friends at @IndivisibleTeam report that their local groups made more than 600,000 calls into the Commonwealth to help elect @RalphNortham @FairfaxJustin @MarkHerringVA.
Trump called Latinos "bad hombres" on Wednesday. It's not even the most insulting thing he said about the community. 
Can you imagine how different our policies would be if more working moms and dads were part of making them? That's why I'm calling on the FEC to allow candidates to use campaign funds for childcare when they’re on the trail. 
Hillary has earned nearly every newspaper endorsement of the general election. Here's why: 
"More than 31 million people have already voted early." —HillaryJoin them → 
Our democracy is in crisis. In just one week, we as citizens have the chance to pull it back from the brink. Let's wake up on November 7 and know that we did everything we could in this last week to win. Don't just vote this year—volunteer. 
No one who wants to be Commander-in-Chief should be calling active military operations a "disaster.” 
The U.N. Secretary General said this week that the point of no return for the climate crisis "is no longer over the horizon. It is in sight and hurtling toward us.” I'm proud to be part of @johnkerry's new @WorldWarZeroOrg to win this fight. Join us: 
We have a choice between taking serious steps to combat climate change—and refusing to admit it even exists. 
Yes, Trump and Pence are running an insult-driven campaign.Donald's literally doing it right now. #
.@BarackObama is right.This is a critical moment about choosing people over politics.Speak out against this bill.
A few weeks before Kavanaugh's name appeared on President Trump's short list for a new justice, Kavanaugh praised the dissent in the Roe v. Wade case and called former Supreme Court Chief Justice William Rehnquist his “hero,” noting that “he clearly wanted to overrule Roe.”
"I have received information from multiple U.S. Government officials that the President is using the power of his office to solicit interference from a foreign country in the 2020 U.S. election."Every American should read this whistleblower complaint. 
@yashar It fills my heart with joy and gratitude to see people come together for such a worthy cause and turn a tragedy into a reason for hope. Let’s help get this over the finish line! Link to donate: 
Russia's actions brazenly violate a treaty allowing free passage in the strait and the G7 should hold fast in demanding the sailors' immediate return.
Being your candidate was the honor of a lifetime. Now it's your turn to #runforsomething: 
"This is a man who relishes making women feel terrible about themselves, in every possible way.” —Hillary on TrumpWe're better than that.
"We truly are stronger together — and together, we’re going to make history."A note from Hillary: 
Share this if you know someone who needs to see it.  
No matter which issue you care about most—health care, education, climate change, or holding a lawless president to account, just for example—one of the most important things you can do today to further that cause is register a friend to vote.  #VoteReady
"You want to give me a good send-off? Go vote!" —@POTUS  
Live from Toledo: Watch Hillary speak on her plan to make the economy work for everyone—not just those at the top. 
At Monday's debate, Trump denied saying a lot of the things he's said. Let's set the record straight. 
And to this young woman. Every day that we refuse to act, we are failing them. 
Actually, @mike_pence, your running mate did say that.  #VPDebate 
I stand by this assessment. 
"The reporter and I have the same condition. When Mr. Trump made fun of him, that hurt my feelings." 
On Tuesdays, we wear patterns. Thank you for a great conversation, Emma! 
"About half of the people he wants to deport—they’ve paid more taxes than Donald Trump has paid.” —Hillary in Arizona
If you're angry at the Republican senators who voted for a cover-up of the president's corruption, join @IndivisibleTeam—an @OnwardTogether partner—to hold them accountable for enabling Donald Trump. 
I'm excited to see @CecileRichards, @aliciagarza, @aijenpoo, and the Pantsuit Nation community build this powerful new force for gender equity. Supermajority's goal is to train and mobilize 2 million women over the next two years. 
To fix our broken democracy, we need automatic voter registration, early voting for everyone, and less money in politics. The House passed the #ForThePeopleAct to make those changes. Now it's up to the Senate. Ask your senators to co-sponsor the bill: 
There's nothing American about tearing families apart.We need to elect politicians who will protect the vulnerable. But these kids can't wait for a new Congress in November. Donate today to the organizations leading the fight to protect these kids. 
Ryan talks about living with a disability—and befriending Hillary back in 1994: "She looks at me the way I always wanted to be looked at." 
Chip in now to get your free sticker, inspired by @FLOTUS: 
We are going to respect each other, lift each other up, and celebrate our diversity. #Debate #StrongerTogether 
America's workers need #paidleave so we can all provide and receive critical care. #TimeToCare #FMLA24
Advancing the rights of women and girls is the great unfinished business of the 21st century and no one has done more to push it into reality than Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. I was delighted to help honor her at the 2020 DVF Awards. 
Incredible.  
To Donald, women like Alicia are only as valuable as his personal opinion about their looks.  
Even if Trump's bullying, bigotry, and misogyny weren't disqualifying, his policies would be. 
"My name is Mae Wiggins. I was denied an apartment in the Trump buildings based on the color of my skin." 
Up in Boston today for #RadDay18 where I’ll be talking to @maura_healey, Massachusetts’ great Attorney General. Tune in! 
Join Hillary in Grand Rapids, Michigan, for one of her last rallies of the campaign: 
Barack. Michelle. Joe. You?Make a plan to vote: 
.@Politico reports today: "A wide-ranging disinformation campaign aimed at Democratic 2020 candidates is already underway on social media, with signs that foreign state actors are driving at least some of the activity." 
Automatically donate every time Trump tweets something offensive with our new tool:  
I agree with the @LATimes: Fiona Ma should be California's next treasurer. 
“This election is about you…your dreams,your aspirations,your hopes,your family,your community.” —
Share this with any friends or family members who think their vote doesn't matter. 
Everywhere @ChelseaClinton and I go on The Book of Gutsy Women tour, people tell us about the incredible women in their own lives. Join in! Tell us about your own gutsy women before midnight tonight for the chance to win a free signed copy of the book: 
Six moments from last night's debate that prove Trump is totally unfit to be president. 
I'm grateful for the hard work and commitment of the Secret Service every day, and never more than this week.
Always such a joy to talk to @aminatou, herself an all-time gutsy woman.
Trump's "also been accused of doing this at the Miss Teen USA pageant...some of them were just 15 years old.” —Hillary
I guest-edited this month’s issue of @TeenVogue. It was a wonderful experience, with lots of terrific contributions from people I love &amp; respect. Read this letter that my daughter wrote to her children about why she’s still optimistic about the future. cc: @ChelseaClinton 
Latino voters will have a powerful impact on this election—and are already showing record turnout. Be part of this:  
We know how to confront crises like coronavirus, writes Dr. Paul Farmer of @PIH. That includes both access to health care, but also the human element of our response. Worth a read. 
As a child, Katherine Johnson said she “counted everything: the steps, the dishes, the stars in the sky." As a mathematician, she broke barriers to help reach those stars. Her calculations helped put Americans in space, in orbit, and, finally, on the moon. #HiddenFigures 
There's no such thing as a vote that doesn't count. Today, you can make the difference.RT this—and go vote!  
The next several weeks may be some of the hardest we’ve faced as a country. From those on the front lines to those saving lives by staying at home, let’s remember to be kind to each other, be patient, and remember the power of our collective humanity, even when we’re apart.
.@RunForSomething co-founders @RossMoRock and @amandalitman are right: We can't just win the White House. Down-ballot races this year will determine the next decade of power.
“Hillary has done her job. Now we need to do our job and get her elected president of the United States.” —@FLOTUS 
My prayers go out to everyone grieving the tragic loss of @RachelHeldEvans. She lived a life of generosity, justice-seeking, and inclusive faith. So many people were touched by her voice and her example. What a life and what a legacy. 
With 15 days to go, Hillary and @ElizabethForMA hit the trail in New Hampshire. Tune in:  
The courageous @Astrid_NV fights tirelessly to protect DREAMers and keep immigrant families together. 
These facts are stark: “Around 1 million species already face extinction, many within decades.” We urgently have to protect natural habitats and tackle climate change. This cannot be our legacy. 
"I am not going to let anybody rip up the progress that we’ve made.” —Hillary 
Edie Windsor showed the world that love can be a powerful force for change. She will be greatly missed. 
Studies show the single most effective way to encourage people to vote is to talk to them in person or on the phone in the days just before the election.This year, don't just vote. Volunteer.Find your closest swing district with @SwingLeft:  
.@FLOTUS just gave one of the most powerful and emotional speeches of this election. Read it here: 
In the United States of America, no one is above the law. 
Trump's plan:Cut taxes for billionaires &amp; millionaires like him.Raise taxes for millions of middle-class families. 
We have to face the hard truths about race in America. 
@dianejeffersonc @KatiGracee Thank you so much for your words, @KatiGracee, and for sharing them, @dianejeffersonc. Sally Ride said “You can’t be what you can’t see,” and I’m grateful to have had the opportunity to break barriers. Let’s all keep at it for the benefit of the next generation! 💪
Meet the first 11 @OnwardTogether partner organizations. I think you’ll find them as inspiring as I do -- and I hope you’ll learn about a group you’d like to support yourself! 
"Thank you, @BernieSanders. Thank you for your leadership and your support in this campaign.” —Hillary
Applications close tomorrow for the @TrainDems Staff Academy. If you or someone you know wants to work on Democratic campaigns, take a look at this learning opportunity: 
Tune in! 
@Astrid_NV @iammarleydias @aijenpoo @domesticworkers @reshmasaujani Rachael Denhollander and the many women of US Gymnastics have bravely shone a light on sexual assault in sports. 
FACT: Donald Trump's company systematically denied housing to people of color dating back to the 1960s and 70s. 
Women deserve to be equally represented at decision-making tables, including in national security. I'm proud to support @lc_wins, a new effort to increase women's leadership in the field. Take the pledge for gender parity here:  #5050in2020
It's a good day to make some #goodtrouble.  
Update: She won! Congrats to Senator-elect @JenniferBoysko, the first Democratic victory of 2019 in Virginia—and not the last by any stretch.
In the last 24 hours, the administration has announced:- They will seek the power to detain migrant children indefinitely- They won’t provide flu shots to families in detentionSix children have already died, three in part from the flu.This is a recipe for more tragedy.
It’s Filipino American History Month, so lets honor their many contributions—from serving in WWII to strengthening our labor movement. -H
Under Hillary’s plan, if your family earns $125,000 or less, you'll be able to go to a public college tuition-free. 
"It is confidence in the men and women who administer the judicial system that is the true backbone of the rule of law," John Paul Stevens once wrote. He was one of its finest stewards. My deepest condolences to his family and friends.
We are in a climate emergency. 
I'm here today to honor our democracy &amp; its enduring values. I will never stop believing in our country &amp; its future. #Inauguration
This video from my local bookstore @scatteredbooks in Chappaqua put a smile on my face! Love the soundtrack, too. 
"Pence seemed intent on laying out the case for a Presidential candidacy—his own." 
We have a once-in-a-decade chance to draw fairer election maps if we win state legislature races this year and next. Don't wait to plug in—you can help groups like @TheDLCC, @RunForSomething, @EmergeAmerica, &amp; @Sister_District lay the groundwork right now. 
Corporations that benefit from all that America has to offer should feel a sense of responsibility toward shareholders AND workers.
"Don't fall for the easy cynicism that says your vote doesn't matter...Your vote matters." —@POTUS  
and brings millions of hardworking people into the formal economy, fixes the family visa backlog, upholds the rule of law, and protects our borders and national security.
The committee to elect Democratic attorneys general has announced it will only support candidates who publicly commit to protecting reproductive rights. This is a powerful, positive policy change to advance justice and equal rights. 
Donald Trump says he'd deport 16 million people. How do you even begin to quantify that? 
More than 4,600 lives lost in Puerto Rico. 70x the official number. The US gov’t has failed its own citizens. The response itself is an American tragedy.Hurricane season is about to begin in Puerto Rico. The administration must step up &amp; protect its people.
Making sure this works. 
Today's celebration of Aretha Franklin's life was like the lady herself: Joyful, profound, and full of song. Thank you to everyone who performed, spoke in remembrance, and made it a send-off worthy of her.
The team at @latinovictoryus is working to elect more Latino candidates at every level of government.
"We as women have all the power we need to determine the outcome of this election.” —@FLOTUS 
Starting now! Tune in 👇 
"You're OK with your nominee having a bromance with Putin?" —@POTUS to the GOP
"I love our country, and I believe in our people, and I will never, ever quit on you. No matter what.” —Hillary in Ohio
.@TimKaine's spent his whole life fighting for working families, so I have no doubt he'll do the same tonight. Go get 'em, Tim. -H
Tomorrow, we have the chance to stand up for the America we believe in. RT this if you're voting.  
If you’re able, chip in to help the families affected by Hurricane Matthew:  -H
Make sure any South Carolinians or Wisconsinites you know don't miss their chance to vote. Both states' voter registration deadlines are today: 
Three pages of Trump's tax returns confirm he's a business failure who's gotten rich at your expense. Imagine what he’s hiding in the rest. 
Here's what an administration would do if it wanted to responsibly deal with immigration and asylum requests at the border. The answer does not include separating families and putting babies in cages. @WomenInTheWorld @FareedZakaria 
Stay safe, Florida. If you haven't already, make sure to check off these emergency preparedness steps: 
The test of any nation is how we treat the most vulnerable among us. First Lady @LauraWBush made that case eloquently. 
@AndrewGillum @realDonaldTrump I can handle it. Blessed with stamina. And thankfully I didn’t stay up late last night watching InfoWars...
With a historic number of women running this year, we have a tremendous opportunity to make our government better reflect our country. We'd all be lucky to see these four extraordinary candidates win their races for Congress this fall:
Back at @Wellesley today to talk to the Class of 2017 about what comes next. 💪✊️Watch:
The administration's decision to pull out of the Open Skies Treaty in a unilateral way that is not coordinated with our allies risks undermining stability on a number of fronts: 
See you soon @alliance4youth @arenasummit @CollectivePac @ColorOfChange @EmergeAmerica @IndivisibleTeam @iVoteFund @latinovictoryus  @runforsomething @swingleft @votolatino!
With Australia on fire and the Arctic in meltdown, it's clear we're in a climate emergency. I'm proud to support @EarthshotPrize from @KensingtonRoyal, a new effort to inspire Earth's greatest problem solvers to repair the natural world. 
Donald Trump wants to compare his last 30 years with Hillary's. Let's do that. 
He did promise "America First." 
"Don't boo, vote! Booing doesn't do any good. Vote, and get your friends to vote.” —@POTUS 
Remember, Georgia: If you’re in line when the polls close at 7pm, you can still cast a ballot—so stay in line and vote! While the GOP has been trying to make this election about anything but the future you want for your families, you are on the verge of making history.
It was wonderful to spend some time with the team from @MadamSecretary on set in Brooklyn with a few former colleagues.  Mark your calendars for October 7th! 
Go to  to see how much you and your family could save under Hillary’s student debt plan.
I’ve dedicated much of my career to improving the lives of children and families, and part of that was working to improve the foster care system in America. @Participant &amp; @hbodocs have a new film about it. Watch the filmmakers discuss with @trevornoah: 
FBI Director Comey owes the American people an explanation. Five things you need to know: 
Important analysis about which candidates get critical early financial support — and which don't. 
Congrats to the great @barb_kinney on her new book collecting her photos from the campaign trail in 2016. She captured the joy and exhaustion and energy of it all, from late nights on the plane to being backstage with Beyoncé. Out November 1st! 
This week, the Justice Department determined that the lies that were peddled about me, my family, &amp; @ClintonFdn are without merit. I couldn’t be more grateful to everyone that stuck with us while we continued to focus on the work. Let’s keep going. 
That feeling when you win three straight debates. #DebateNight 
As Trump makes an unprecedented attack on our democracy, millions of people are registering and voting early. 
What he said. #DebateNight 
I have always been and remain a staunch advocate of comprehensive immigration reform that’s true to our values and treats every person with dignity, provides a pathway to full and equal citizenship…
Do you have a pre-existing condition? Do you care about someone who has one? Could you or someone you love ever get one? Then you should call your senators today to #StopKavanaugh from getting a lifetime seat on the Supreme Court. Here's why: 
@realDonaldTrump That’s a clip from when Medvedev was president. Here’s what I said about Putin’s Russia. 
.@TimKaine wears his "F" rating from the @NRA like a badge of honor. 
At last night's debate, Trump showed again and again that he doesn't have a clue about what makes America great. 
Winning back state legislatures is also important in this last election before the 2020 Census. State legislatures redraw congressional districts every 10 years based on those numbers, and Democratic legislative majorities can shut down gerrymandering that disenfranchises voters.
In 2019, every day is Endangered Species Day. We have to act now to prevent the loss of 1 million species over the next few decades—losses that would have a profound effect on human beings. 
Vladimir Putin has waged a 30-year campaign to disrupt world events, including our last election. I talked about it in @ActMeasuresDoc, a fascinating summation of the Russia story that premieres today: 
"We urge voters to dump Trump and choose the clearly qualified candidate in this race: Hillary Clinton” —@DenverPost 
Being aware of how platforms and products use our data to target us is the first step toward addressing the dark side of technology. "Persuasion Machines," from “The Great Hack” team, brings that awareness home in an amazing VR experience. Don't miss it if you're heading to SXSW. 
The passage of the 19th Amendment was just the first step on the road to ensure all American women can exercise their right to vote. On #WomensEqualityDay, let's celebrate how far we've come and resolve to keep marching. #EqualityCantWait 
Outraged &amp; angry about this cowardly terror attack on a crowd of young people. Sending sympathy &amp; strength to victims &amp; people of Manchester
“This is not me just going through the motions here.I really, really, really want to elect Hillary.” —@POTUS:  
"We really are just trying to make our mark in life by helping people." 
Our grief isn't enough. We can and must put politics aside, stand up to the NRA, and work together to try to stop this from happening again.
Where was this kind of comedy last night? 
11 days to go and Hillary’s on the trail in Iowa. Tune in now:  make a plan to vote: 
We must defend our democracy, and the painful truth is that the occupant of the Oval Office is waging war against it. 
“The reason a lot of [Ku Klux] Klan members like Donald Trump is because a lot of what he believes, we believe in.” 
Our democracy is built on fair elections and peaceful transfer of power. Trump can't threaten that just because he can't handle reality. 
Twenty-five years after 189 countries adopted a plan to advance women's rights at the Fourth World Conference on Women in Beijing, we've made progress. But there's still much to do. 
@Astrid_NV @iammarleydias @aijenpoo @domesticworkers @reshmasaujani @ColleenFlangan My friends @SybrinaFulton, @GwenCarrERIC, @MariaHa05153239, @lucymcbath, @iammikesmother, Geneva Reed-Veal, Cleopatra Pendleton-Cowley, and Annette Nance-Holt have turned their mourning into a movement, fighting for a criminal justice system that actually delivers justice. 
Our children and grandchildren will look back at the choice we make on Tuesday. Let's make them proud.  
I introduced reproductive rights sections to the reports while I was secretary of state because access to reproductive health care is a protected human right affecting women's right to life, equality, and freedom from inhumane treatment.
Glad to be back in Iowa today where it all began for the start of early voting. Find your polling place here:  -H
If you believe that America should stand with those who serve, because they’ve served us, you’ve got to vote. 
"Are you ready to vote tomorrow, Michigan? Are you ready to help get your friends to vote?” —Hillary  
Seventy years ago this December, 58 countries came together at the end of World War II to offer the world a roadmap for peace and prosperity strong enough to withstand the appeals of demagogues and the ravages of poverty and fear.
"Ms. Clinton will prove a worthy example to girls who celebrate the election of America’s first female president.” 
Be Resilient. 
The budget would cut or remove the following over the next decade:- $845 billion from Medicare- $241 billion from Medicaid- $220 billion from the SNAP nutrition program for low-income families- $207 billion from federal student loan programs
Every time a new partner joins the @OnwardTogether family, I’m reminded of how many people believe that, when we work together, we have the power to make our country better.This #GivingTuesday, help fund an entire generation of progressive organizations:  
"Would my son have a place in your America?" —Khizr Khan, father of a fallen American hero, to Donald Trump 
We are about to elect a president—and only one candidate tonight showed she has what it takes. Chip in now:  #SheWon
CC @ussoccer 
These are more than statistics, they’re American lives at risk because this administration willfully ignores the science. 
#DebateNight 
Education is at stake.  The environment is at stake.  LGBT equality are at stake.  Equal pay is at stake. 
"I knew then that she was destined for great things." An interview with Hillary's lifelong friend, Betsy Ebeling: 
"I really want to be president for all of the kids in America, to do everything I can to help you.” —Hillary in Pittsburgh
"The game is 'rigged'—it’s rigged for guys like Donald Trump. I say, it’s time to fight back!” —@ElizabethForMA 
The entire world is waiting to see whether Senate Republicans will close their eyes and cover their ears to avoid the plain truth of the president’s misdeeds.The very integrity of the Senate is on trial along with the president.
"We’re going to make public colleges like Wayne State tuition-free for working families.” —Hillary in Detroit 
On #InternationalWomensDay I'm thinking about this young girl, &amp; all the others like her out there. 💪✨ 
Since yesterday, we've raised over $220,000 together for groups helping kids and families at the border. Thank you so much. Can we get to $250,000 today? 
.@EmergeAmerica offered a brand-new five-part webinar series to help Democratic women campaign during the crisis. 
@realDonaldTrump Don’t tempt me. Do your job.
“I hope that he will be a successful president for all Americans.” —Hillary on Donald Trump
"Vote!" —@EvaLongoriaTag a friend who should see this message.  
If we work together—if we overcome the divisiveness that sometimes sets Americans against one another—there's nothing we can't do. #Debate
The boy is the second child to have died in CBP custody in the past week. 
How is it that in the middle of dividing up $1.5 trillion dollars between corporations &amp; the ultra-wealthy, Republicans can’t find the time &amp; money to take care of children? These are perverse priorities. Congress needs to pass CHIP now, as they have every year since the 1990s.
Forward movement will always produce a reaction. Those of us who believe in the equality of women and men are going to have to continue speaking out so we don't lose progress. 
We need to raise the minimum wage so nobody who works full-time is still in poverty: 
.@RunForSomething will help. 
Last night was a great reminder of what’s possible when we come together and fight for what we believe in. So I wanted to take a few minutes to celebrate the extraordinary successes of a few groups I—and Onward Together—proudly fight alongside.
Bill and I loved seeing Tony Award-winning #gutsywoman @alistroker in the magnificent revival of @OklahomaBway in New York. Oh, what a beautiful show! 📷: @jennyanina 
"To paraphrase my friend Michelle Obama, one of us went high and one of us went low!” —Hillary on last night’s debate
If you could use a bit of hope and inspiration this week, let me introduce you to a few young leaders who are turning solutions to global challenges into action at @CGIU, Clinton Global Initiative's year-round program for up-and-coming social entrepreneurs and innovators.
Let’s make college tuition-free for any family whose income is $125,000 or less and debt-free for everyone. 
Leaders like @repjohnlewis, @doloreshuerta, &amp; @barackobama got their start as organizers because they felt called to fight for change. If you feel the call, take a look at @orgcorps2020’s paid trainings at  to get the skills you need to help win in 2020. 
Robert Mueller's report documents a serious crime against the American people. All Americans should demand action and accountability.@PostOpinions 
At @alliance4youth, young people are using local organizing to address economic inequality, attacks on voting rights, and more.
It's been a week since the deadline for the administration to reunify families it split up at the border. More than 559 children are still reportedly separated from their parents. #FamiliesBelongTogether
If you want to be inspired every day, I highly recommend giving our partners a follow: @alliance4youth @arenasummit @CollectivePAC @colorofchange @domesticworkers @emergeamerica @IndivisibleTeam @iVoteFund @latinovictoryUS @runforsomething @swingleft @votolatino @WeDemandJustice
She won.  #Debate 
George H.W. Bush was a beloved father &amp; grandfather, a war hero, a public servant, &amp; a class act. In my experiences w/ him, I always valued his desire to listen, look at evidence &amp; ask for ideas, even from people w/ different beliefs. My heart goes out to the entire Bush family.
We have to be better than this. Make sure your representatives continue to hear from you that families belong together, and give what you can to the efforts to reunite these children with their families.
An excellent Q&amp;A with @DrLeanaWen of Planned Parenthood touching on the crisis of rising maternal mortality rates in America and why the fight to save reproductive choice is more pressing than ever. I admit to being partial to the interviewer.
Missourians! Your last chance to register to vote is today, October 10. Check your registration now, and ask three friends or family members to do the same: 
Donald Trump is good at one thing—driving his companies into the ground.And now he wants the keys to the U.S. economy. 
"I’m reaching out to Republicans and Independents as well as Democrats because I want to be president for all Americans.” —Hillary
JCC threats, cemetery desecration &amp; online attacks are so troubling &amp; they need to be stopped. Everyone must speak out, starting w/ @POTUS.
World champs—again!! To the amazing women of the #USWNT: Thank you for playing like girls. 🇺🇸 
.@EmergeAmerica-trained candidates won all across the country, including 9 of the seats Democrats won in Virginia's House of Delegates.
Delawareans: You're up. Today is your final deadline to register to vote—make sure you're counted: 
Sending warm wishes to everyone celebrating Hanukkah! 🕎 
Call your representatives today and demand they pass the #FamiliesFirst coronavirus bill. It contains: - Free testing- 14 days paid sick leave- 3 months paid family leave- Expanded unemployment insurance &amp; food security- Medicaid fundsLives are on the line. (202) 224-3121
.@GretaThunberg to Congress: “I know you are trying but just not hard enough.” She’s right. 
Anti-abortion groups have endorsed Kavanaugh, considering him a reliable vote to overturn Roe. His confirmation would be a victory for activists who want to end a woman's right to make her own health decisions.
On the climate crisis and on so many other fronts, the United States has abdicated its position as a country that leads the world toward a more hopeful future. Let's start changing that at the polls today—and a year from now in 2020. 
"She is far and away the choice for the presidency of the United States in 2016." —@NYDailyNews 
Thank you to everyone who joined us for the joyful New York premiere of "Hlilary" last night. The docuseries about the last 50 years of my life—and our politics, and the changing role of women in America—will be live on Hulu tomorrow. #HillaryonHulu 
I stand by this blurb! "The Woman's Hour" is out today in paperback. @efweiss5 
Coronavirus can severely sicken young people, too. Of 508 hospitalized patients in the U.S., 38% were between the ages of 20 and 54. Nearly half of the 121 ICU patients were adults under 65. 
We’ve raised money to reunite families separated at the border and brought in $12 million for progressive groups, candidates, &amp; committees during the 2018 elections. There’s so much to be proud of. I hope you’ll take a moment this week to reflect on how far we’ve come together.
It's time to hold Trump accountable to the facts. Follow @TheBriefing2016 during tonight's debate to help spread the word. #Debates
Australia’s bushfire emergency, spurred by climate change, has killed 24 people, destroyed thousands of homes, and led to the loss of an estimated half a billion animals. Here are ways you can help: 
“It’s not just about women—[Trump] never apologizes or says he’s sorry for anything.” —Hillary #DebateNight 
The lives of at least 22 transgender or gender non-conforming people have been lost to violence this year. Many were women of color. On this Transgender Day of Remembrance, let's say their names and reaffirm our commitment to making the world safer for transgender people. 
For years, Trump has been taking from American taxpayers with both hands and giving nothing back. 
When on @BravoWWHL... 
Instead of investing in Americans and their families, the Trump budget would: 1. Add $33 billion to the Defense budget for a total of $718 billion. Even without those additions, our defense budget is equal to the military spending of half the world. 
Seems like Pence forgot a lot of the things Trump has been saying throughout his campaign! Here to help:  #VPDebate
Thank you to the @lapromisefund &amp; @msjwilly for a terrific discussion, a wonderful group of young people, &amp; a truly inspiring day! 
This was... cathartic. Thank you, @JordanKlepper! 
@carlreiner Whatever it takes to keep you with us Carl. I’m holding you to it.
We're launching Onward Together to encourage people to get involved, organize, and even run for office. 
Today's the day when we show how much stronger we are together. Once you’ve voted, sign up for a volunteer shift:  
We should be clear about this: The increasing radicalism and irresponsibility of the Republican Party, including decades of demeaning government, demonizing Democrats, and debasing norms, is what gave us Donald Trump.
.@domesticworkers has created the Coronavirus Care Fund to support the many nannies, house cleaners, and in-home caregivers who are navigating this crisis without paid sick leave or health care. 
Tomorrow is Election Day in many states, with a decade of fair congressional maps on the line in Virginia. Join @OnwardTogether partner @SwingLeft to help turn out the vote—even an hour talking to voters on the phone will help! 
Be like @JoeBiden:Always make a plan.  
Thinking about all affected &amp; those who could be affected by the California wildfires. If you live near a fire, make sure you're prepared, &amp; stay safe.
It's remarkable that we have to keep repeating this, even in 2018: Women's rights are human rights, and human rights are women's rights.
.@MarkBegich is a dedicated public servant, business owner, and former U.S. senator who has a record of cutting through bureaucracy to get things done for Alaskans. In office, he'll prioritize schools, jobs, and affordable health care. 
"In difficult times, we don't give up, we don't discard our highest ideals, we rise up to meet them." —@FLOTUS
18,000 strong turned out in Columbus last night. Make sure you and your friends register and turn out to vote:  
If you can't spot the difference between Pence and Trump on their disastrous economic plans, it's because there isn't one. #VPDebate 
“It would be reckless not to consider the damage Mr. Trump might wreak.”—@WashingtonPost: 
A Wall Street money manager should not be able to pay a lower tax rate than a teacher or a nurse.
“To those of you celebrating this joyous occasion, I wish you and your loved ones a Happy Diwali and Saal Mubarak.” —Hillary 
State legislature races are also a great way to make an impact as an activist. The budgets and walk lists are smaller than those of congressional races, so you can move the needle with a few volunteer hours or donations.
If you're angry and ready for change, there's a concrete way to fight back: help candidates with progressive values win their elections on November 6th. Here are some excellent @runforsomething-endorsed candidates who deserve your support:
3/3. #SheWon 
The headline says it all.  #VPdebate
"Nobody can fully know what it’s like to manage a global crisis…but I tell you nobody’s been closer to those decisions than Hillary” —@POTUS 
Trump "doesn’t look at us as full human beings, with our dreams and our purposes, our own capabilities.” 
On #WorldEnvironmentDay, I’m feeling inspired by the work to build climate resilience that USVI, PR, and Caribbean communities shared at the @ClintonGlobal Action Network Meeting. This fight has many fronts, and people are coming together to take them on. 
"Whew, OK!” 
For #InternationalWomensDay, I'm issuing you a challenge. We know that when women run for office, they're elected at the same rate as men. But not as many women run as men—often because people don't ask women to run as often as they ask men.
The next president could appoint up to three Supreme Court justices.Will they protect Americans' rights, or corporations'? #debate
"Hillary is the role model Michelle and I want for our daughters and for kids across the country." —@POTUS 
🙌 
Make sure your friends and family in Washington state know that today is their last day to register to vote! All the information they need is at 
Luisa, who suffered from bone cancer and needed care ASAP - but the hospital wouldn't admit her without proof of insurance.
Here's what you can do today to fight back:1. Donate to @abortionfunds:  Support @EmergeAmerica, @EMILYSList, @runforsomething, and @TheDLCC, who work to elect pro-choice candidates 3. Join @supermajority to organize for the future
As we celebrate, let’s also remember the work ahead. Proud that groups that Onward Together supports—including @SwingLeft, which is laser-focused on taking back the House—have been making incredible progress in the fight for 2018 and beyond. Onward!
Hillary’s college plan will help students preparing for college, those already in school, and those paying off debt. 
Just spent a great evening with two of my favorite authors discussing their new book, The President is Missing. It’s a page-turner! Check it out: 
There are hundreds of thousands more @AmeriCorps applications than spots. Horrible! Let's expand it from 75,000 annual members to 250,000.
We’re going to make public colleges and universities tuition-free for families making less than $125,000 a year. 
Despite what this White House claims, separating families is not mandated by law. That is an outright lie, and it’s incumbent on all of us – journalists and citizens alike – to call it just that.
Only 0.1% of all elected officials in the U.S. identify as LGBTQ. Representation matters! For National #OutToWin Day, take a moment to ask a talented community leader or organizer to consider running for office: 
@SenEvanBayh To Evan, Susan, and the whole family, we are thinking about you and praying for you.  If anyone can take on this fight it’s Susan Bayh, with the strength, courage, and grace she brings to everything she does.
“I want to send a message: America is already great, but we are great because we are good.” #Debate 
Trump lost last night's debate before he even took the stage, and it only got worse from there. 
"Donald, I did enjoy listening to your speech…I’m sure I’ll enjoy listening to Mike Pence deny you ever gave it." —Hillary #AlSmithDinner
A story appeared today about something that happened in 2008. I was dismayed when it occurred, but was heartened the young woman came forward, was heard, and had her concerns taken seriously and addressed.
About to talk with my friend Ambassador Bill Burns at @georgetownsfs @GUPolitics about the future of diplomacy. Livestream here: 
I was greeted by this heartwarming display on the corner of my street today. Thank you to all of you who did this. Happy Thanksgiving. -H 
One week to Election Day. RT this if it describes you.  
A historic mistake. The world is moving forward together on climate change. Paris withdrawal leaves American workers &amp; families behind.
Lots of states have registration deadlines today—and she's counting on you to turn out on November 8.  
Today in 1872, Susan B. Anthony voted—and was then arrested. Almost 50 years later, the 19th Amendment was ratified.  
My heart goes out to everyone affected by the fires in California. People have lost loved ones, pets, and homes, and the fires are still going. If you'd like to help, here are a few organizations that are working locally to support survivors: 
.@FLOTUS is in New Hampshire talking about what's at stake in this election. Watch live: 
Post-traumatic stress isn't something strong people can handle &amp; weak people can't.Trump’s comments aren't just ignorant, they’re harmful.
.@ChelseaClinton and I are thrilled to announce "The Book of Gutsy Women," out October 1st. It's a conversation about over 100 women who have inspired us—and narrowing it down was a process!  
Donald Trump was not against the war in Iraq. #debate 
"Donald Trump doesn’t have anything to offer but anger, and grievance, and blame.” —@POTUS
With two mass shootings in America in less than 24 hours, thoughts and prayers are not enough. We need action. The House has sent common-sense gun safety legislation to the Senate. Demand that @senatemajldr and your Republican elected officials join Democrats to pass it.
Sen. Kennedy, why are you parroting Russian propaganda that U.S. intelligence officials tell us are designed to divide our country? Did you miss the briefing that day? 
Even Mike Pence couldn’t defend the terrible things Trump’s said and done—so instead, he lied about them. 
Indeed. Bill &amp; I have you in our thoughts &amp; look forward to you both being back on your feet soon, wild socks &amp; all. -H 
Comparing 30 years of public service with…Trump. 
In less than a week, there will be a run-off in the race to be Georgia's next secretary of state. Georgians deserve a secretary of state who will administer elections fairly and make it easy for every eligible citizen to vote. Help make it happen: 
"Hillary is one of the smartest, toughest, best-prepared, most experienced candidates to ever run for this job.” —@POTUS
Got to practice my snap last night with the best in the business. What a great show and night with Ain't Too Proud, The Life and Times of the Temptations. 
"We shouldn’t let our kids think that politics is about pitching a new hotel, or a new golf course, or a TV contract." —@POTUS
"I want to be a president for everyone in this country—Democrats, Republicans, Independents…I’m going to work just as hard for everybody."
If you believe in a better, stronger, fairer America:Vote.  
With just 10 days to go, Republicans are pulling out all the stops to try to bring Hillary down. RT this to help get out the facts: 
"A woman who expresses her emotions oftentimes is questioned...it's part of the subtle—and not so subtle—biases that we have. —@POTUS 
 
Make a plan to vote, volunteer, make strategic donations, and turn out friends with  Just answer a few questions about where you vote and how you can help and they'll send you a personalized plan of action.
Spoiler alert: He was actually wrong. #Debate 
The president is not above the law. Democracy depends on it. 
Thank you to @Beyonce, @S_C_, @Pharrell, @ChanceTheRapper, @BigSean, @JColeNC, and all the amazing artists helping to get out the vote. -H
"Would my son Capt. Humayun Khan have a place in your America?…Would anyone who isn’t like you? —Khizr Khan to Donald Trump
"No matter what they throw at us in these last days, we won’t back down. We won’t be distracted.” —Hillary: 
Por favor comparte: 
My take on Trump and his cronies spreading that doctored video of Nancy Pelosi: It's sexist trash. It's also a sign that Trump is running scared. 
“Strong men, men who are truly role models, don’t need to put down women to make themselves feel powerful.” —@FLOTUS
I’ve thought a lot about the church massacre last Sunday. What can anyone say equal to the horror &amp; grief? We should act to prevent future killings by expanding &amp; fully funding background checks. 94% of Americans support them, it should be the law.
Where are the tests? 
Why would Putin want Trump to win?The nice things he’s said about him?His promise to adopt pro-Kremlin policies?Or his business dealings?
After a decade of amazing progress in combating deaths from malaria, progress has leveled off over the past few years. Malaria is an entirely preventable disease that kills a child every two minutes. This #WorldMalariaDay, let's renew our collective efforts to end it.
“If he wants to make America great again, start by making America with American steel.” —Hillary on Trump using Chinese steel
Let's talk about voter suppression, how you can protect your rights in this election, and how we can fight to make America a place where every citizen can make their voice heard.
"Let's register to vote, show up to the polls, and vote for Hillary Clinton." —@KingJames:  
"It’s time to fight back against Donald Trump &amp; deport his presidential dreams to the dustbin of history." —@Latina 
Even Mike Pence can't defend Donald Trump's insult-driven campaign. 
"Who pretends to help kids with HIV/AIDS in order to make themselves look good?” —Hillary on Trump 
With 35 days left, Hillary's in PA talking about how she'll help kids and families. Join the conversation live → 
What a thrill to join @SenecaWomen at their forum today. I’ve worked w/ Reema Nanavaty, Gauri Ramabhai, &amp; @melanneverveer for years on empowering women in India, &amp; we sure covered the waterfront in our discussion, from technology to microloans to clean cookstoves. #SenecaConnect 
Carter.Bush.Clinton.Bush.Obama.Not one of them believes Donald Trump has what it takes to be president. 
Looking forward to this! 
Thank you so much for joining us, Sudaraka. A minor fact check—it's a new playlist! Team members Grady and Joy created it for the #gutsywomen tour and they really do have excellent taste. You can find it on Spotify here:  
There can be no sustainable peace in Afghanistan if women are not at the negotiating table. I was honored to join ambassadors, advocates, and @giwps at the @UN to make clear that Afghan women's rights must be protected in any peace negotiations or post-conflict aid packages. 
Kavanaugh would replace Justice Kennedy, who was the deciding vote in a pivotal 2007 Supreme Court case that established greenhouse gases were "well within" the EPA's authority to regulate under the Clean Air Act and made it possible for the agency to start reining in emissions.
Merleyn Bell is a fifth-generation Oklahoman running for a seat in the state legislature’s House District 45. She wants to focus on funding public education, expanding access to affordable health care, and revitalizing the state’s infrastructure. 
The Refugee and Immigrant Center for Education and Legal Services, @RAICESTEXAS, provides representation to families in asylum and immigration hearings. 
I'm sending my prayers to everyone affected by last night's tornado in Nashville, especially those who lost loved ones. #IBelieveInNashville
The energy we're seeing on this campaign isn't about what we're against but what we're for—an inclusive America where everyone counts. 
The anniversary of the devastating earthquake 8 years ago is a day to remember the tragedy, honor the resilient people of Haiti, &amp; affirm America’s commitment to helping our neighbors. Instead, we‘re subjected to Trump’s ignorant, racist views of anyone who doesn’t look like him.
If Trump stands by what he said about women as “locker room talk,” he's clearly not sorry. 
On Election Day, let's show what it means to be stronger together:  
"Thankfully, Hillary is a policy wonk. And let me tell you, when you are president, that is a good thing.” —@FLOTUS 
In 2016, he argued that the Clean Air Act was a "thin statute" to support the Obama administration's Clean Power Plan to cut carbon pollution from power plants.
It's appalling that a presidential nominee of a major party is undermining the pillar of our democracy—just because he hates losing. 
Russia’s interference in our elections will continue to threaten our democracy until Republicans join Democrats to stop it. @MichaelBennet’s new book shines a spotlight on this critical issue. Maybe we can all send a copy to @senatemajldr? 
Russians appear to be re-running their 2016 hacking playbook, once again to benefit Donald Trump. Will the media play along again? Will the GOP open the door again? Will the Russians help pick our POTUS again? 
Ask yourself: Is this man fit to be the next president of the United States? 
Things I learned today. 
"I am so excited that I finally get to vote for my mom in a few hours.” —@ChelseaClinton 
A conversation with Hillary's best friend Betsy about breakups, prom dates, and skateboards: 
"We know that America is big-hearted, not small-minded. We want to lift people up, not tear each other down.” —Hillary
A full month has passed since the deadline for the administration to reunite families it separated at the border, but 565 children are still waiting to see their parents again. #FamiliesBelongTogether
Concerned for the millions of families in Hurricane Matthew's path. You can donate to help those in need here.  -H
Trump's own @DHSgov confirmed this weekend that the ban doesn't enhance security.But it foments fear &amp; resentment.
Onward Together is ending 2017 by supporting six more incredible organizations fighting to protect voting rights and to make it easier for young, diverse candidates to get on the ballot and get elected.
@BenSPLATT @DearEvanHansen Two friends on a perfect day. Sincerely, me.
Tim Kaine is right: We should stop praising Putin. #VPDebate 
Seeking asylum is a human right. We shouldn't charge fees to people who are fleeing persecution and violence.“Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, but first give us $50?" No. 
In 1995, Hillary declared that "women's rights are human rights." Trump lost nearly a billion dollars.  #DebateNight 
To all who are celebrating, chag Pesach sameach!
Can you say you stepped up when it counted most? Chip in before tonight's #debate to show you're on Hillary's team: 
About to give a wide-ranging speech at Oxford University’s @BonaveroIHR on human rights and where we go 70 years on from the signing of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. Tune in:
“We’re going to grow the middle class from the middle out and the bottom up, not the top down.” —Hillary 
It should be a given in America that every citizen has free and fair access to the ballot box. Right now, it simply isn't. Join @StaceyAbrams in the fight for every voice to be heard: 
More than 400 students and leaders met last month at the @votolatino Power Summit to share resources and tools for national advocacy.
Already voted? That's great! Now help Hillary win by signing up to make calls now: 
"I really believe that America’s best days are still ahead of us if we reach for them together!” —Hillary  
Many of this summer’s family separation stories have ended happily thanks to an outpouring of support. But as the headlines have receded, the work has continued. Today is a great day to help.
With just 14 days until Election Day, join Hillary live for a rally in Florida → 
You heard it here first:Not taking up professional running anytime soon.
One of my personal heroes is Ela Bhatt, who has provided microloans to women in India for 46 years. Her work embodies the principle that every person should have the chance to achieve his or her dreams and make the most of their God-given potential.  
Hillary and @AlGore are live from Miami speaking about why we have to act on climate change. Watch live: 
Kids shouldn't be learning to duck and cover in school. They should learn that we, the adults responsible for protecting them, will act to keep them safe. 
"Decent men do not demean women, and we shouldn't tolerate this behavior from any man, let alone a man who wants to be president." —@FLOTUS
We're going to make college debt-free for everyone in America. See how much you could save with Hillary's plan at  
Join Hillary on the trail in North Carolina with @BernieSanders and @Pharrell. 
This election is over in 20 days—but the decision we make will affect our country for generations.  #DebateNight 
If you think #SheWon, chip in $5 before the midnight FEC deadline:  #DebateNight
Natarsha, whose breast cancer was caught early because of a screening at Planned Parenthood, which Republicans would defund. 
More than 750 historians "devoted to studying our nation's past," including Ron Chernow and Robert A. Caro, have signed a letter supporting the president's impeachment and removal.  
What a woman president would mean to teenage girls: 
Thank you, @FLOTUS. 
Today, let's show the world that love will always trump hate.  
Rhode Islanders: A bill to protect reproductive rights is up for consideration in the state Senate, and it'll be a close vote. Give your senator a call this week and spread the word—every bit of advocacy helps: 
To all the students across our country who took part in #NationalWalkoutDay: Never let anybody tell you your voices don’t make a difference. You‘re an inspiration to millions of Americans who know commonsense gun reform is long overdue. We are with you, and we will not give up.
.@ArenaSummit has moved their May training for future campaign staffers online—and you can apply now to be a part of it. 
.@CollectivePAC recruits, trains, and funds progressive black candidates at every level of government. They've helped elect 23 officials so far and are doing a series of trainings for candidates and operatives with the goal of training 200 people by 2019 and 2020.
“You are more than the way you look.” 
"That reporter and I have the same condition. When Mr. Trump made fun of him, that hurt my feelings." 
Have questions about voting? Call the DNC's voter hotline at 833-336-VOTE.
“We ran a campaign about issues, not insults.” —Hillary on her primary campaign with @BernieSanders: 
When something gets under Donald's thin skin, he lashes out and can't let go. This is dangerous for a president.
A coalition of groups is raising money for flights, hotels, and cell phones for families traveling to reunite with their loved ones. You can chip in here: 
Thank you for this comedy with purpose, @JordanKlepper. I'm so heartened by the activists, educators, and faith leaders who stand up for the rights of undocumented students. "Education, not segregation." 
Forty-four years later, and he still cleans up pretty well. Happy anniversary, Bill! 
The debunked study you’re referring to was based on 21 undecided voters. For context that’s about half the number of people associated with your campaign who have been indicted. 
Thanks, Louis C.K.—but it's "Madam" Tough Mother. 
Trump loves conspiracy theories almost as much as his hat. But why choose?Make your own tin foil #MAGA hat:  
After the attacks, we worked to put funding in place for first responders working in hazardous conditions. Since 9/11, over 40,000 first responders have come down with cancer, asthma, and other conditions from the toxins they were exposed to. 
"Hillary Clinton will make solving the climate crisis a top national priority.” —@AlGore
An important thing you can do today: Call your member of Congress and ask her or him to vote for permanent funding for the September 11th Victim Compensation Fund, which is running out of money as people continue to suffer effects of the attacks.
Congratulations to @IamMinyon and her co-authors on the @NAACP Image Award nominations of “For Colored Girls Who Have Considered Politics." It's a wonderful, necessary book.
Love this. @StephenAtHome, @sethmeyers, @jimmykimmel, @jimmyfallon, @JKCorden, @TrevorNoah—I hope you'll take up @IAmSamBee on this challenge! 
Congressman Cummings had a simple philosophy: Do something. No matter how daunting a problem seems, no matter how helpless you feel, surely there is something you can do.Those are the words Elijah lived by, and the path he left for the rest of us to follow. God Bless him.
This is an important step, thanks to @ColorofChange for helping to make it happen. 
Don't boo, vote early! Find out when you can vote in your state at  
Gigi Pierce. Nino Fortson. Karla Patricia Flores-Pavón. Sasha Wall. Amia Tyrae. Phylicia Mitchell. Zakaria Fry. Celine Walker. Tonya Harvey. Christa Leigh Steele-Knudslien.Viccky Gutierrez.
Something productive to do with your outrage today: 
Even in 1992, when I first met him, it was clear Chad Griffin would do a lot of good in the world. Little did I know! Grateful for his leadership at @HRC in fighting against discrimination and for marriage equality, and mobilizing millions to build a more just, equal America.
At the DC stop of our Gutsy Women tour, I laid out why impeachment is the only appropriate remedy for the administration asking—or outright extorting—foreign countries to intervene on his behalf in our elections: 
"I can't imagine how Governor Pence can defend the insult-driven, selfish, me-first style of Donald Trump." —@TimKaine #VPDebate
The fate of the Supreme Court hinges on the choice we make in 21 days. Here's what's at stake: 
This is an important story about Marjorie, a home health aide in Ohio who does crucial care-taking work for dismal wages. She's one of millions of professionals around the country who deserve better conditions—and @DomesticWorkers is leading the charge. 
"Almost every foreign policy decision [Trump] makes will raise serious conflicts of interest." —@kurteichenwald 
Through a grant from José, Franco and Natalia Medina were able to invest in a USDA-grade cleaning station, freezer, and storage unit for their farm. Now they can expand to selling produce to restaurants and grocery stores.
“Two words give us hope: Madam President." —@VogueMagazine in its first presidential endorsement 
.@TXCivilRights is calling on statewide officials to ensure that Texans will be able to vote safely. 
Insects are declining worldwide because of pesticide use. This is nuts. We need bees! 
Remember, if you are in line before polls close, you can vote! Have a question? Call 1-917-444-5915. 
“Last night I congratulated Donald Trump and offered to work with him on behalf of our country.” —Hillary
The organizers at @iVoteFund worked with partners on the ground to get automatic voter registration on the ballot in Nevada.
.@JohnDingell was everything that Trump is not—a true public servant and statesman in a way this president knows he can never be. I’m so proud of what @DebDingell has done to carry on John's work in Michigan and Bill and I are standing with her today.
"If your closest advisors don’t trust you to tweet, how can we trust you with the nuclear codes?” —@POTUS on Trump
"Think about what it takes to lead in a very complicated world and in whose hands you want to put the safety of our children.” —Hillary
We have undocumented immigrants in America who are paying more federal income tax than a so-called billionaire. #DebateNight
"We have to vote. The world looks to us as a progressive country that leads change." —@Beyonce  
"We want a president who takes this job seriously and has the temperament and maturity to do it well." —@FLOTUS
Since last summer, @OnwardTogether has raised more than $1.8 million for the groups working to protect the kids and families separated by ICE, including Families Belong Together, NDWA's initiative to fight the Trump administration's family separation policy.
Democracy can no longer be denied: Congress must make Washington, DC the 51st state. Hundreds of thousands of Washingtonians deserve the same representation as every other citizen. #DCStatehood 
"Donald Trump aggressively disrespects more than half the people in this country.” —@ElizabethForMA 
.@TheDLCC recruits, trains, and supports local Democrats running for state legislative office. They provide candidates with field support, data, and other resources. (They also have a great new podcast.) Listen and pitch in to support their mission: 
Fast-forward a few years: 24 states have put new voting restrictions in place since 2010, including photo ID rules in Alabama, "use it or lose it" laws in Ohio, and "exact match" laws in Georgia.
We can’t. 
Congratulations to @MichelleObama for her Grammy nomination for the audiobook of "Becoming"! A beautiful story, well-told (and well-spoken!) 🏆
Happy birthday to this future president. 
Vote for an America where we build bridges, not walls.Together, let’s prove that love trumps hate.  
It is now the official policy of the US government - a nation of immigrants - to separate children from their families. That is an absolute disgrace. #FamiliesBelongTogether.
Democracy hangs in the balance on both sides of Atlantic and we need to save it. Can’t just keep doing the same things. For more, check out my Oxford speech: 
I urge Nicolás Maduro to allow humanitarian aid inside Venezuela’s borders peacefully. People are in need of life-saving medicines, children are subsisting on one meal a day, and a peaceful delivery of food and supplies is to the benefit of all.
Join me at OZY Fest on Saturday, July 21st. I’ll be sitting down in Central Park with @laurenepowell!
Thank you to these volunteers and organizations for stepping up to help when people need it most. 
“Today, I want to just spend a few minutes focusing on...what [Trump] has said—and what he has done—to women and girls.” —Hillary
The House just passed a bill to require background checks on all gun sales in the country. It's the first gun control legislation to pass since 1994. Thank @gabbygiffords, @lucymcbath, @speakerpelosi and so many others for their work on this issue by calling your senators!
"I will defend women's rights to make their own health care decisions." —Hillary 
The images from the train derailment in NJ are horrifying. My prayers are with those who lost loved ones and the dozens who were injured. -H
“We need your help, knocking on doors and making phone calls, helping to turn people out.” —Hillary 
I'm one of 100 million #SuperBowl fans that just went #Gaga for the Lady, &amp; her message to all of us. 
Reproductive freedom requires access to affordable contraception, and it’s under attack. If birth control has changed your life, take a moment today to say it out loud. #ThxBirthControl
It was wonderful spending time in Florida yesterday campaigning with some familiar faces. Make sure Floridians in your life know how lucky they are to get the chance to vote for @AndrewGillum for governor and @DonnaShalala for Congress! 
Permanent funding should be a bipartisan matter and easy to get done. Indeed, it should have been done already. Call your member of Congress now and ask them to vote for the "Never Forget the Heroes" Act: (202) 224-3121
There are final voter registration deadlines today in six states and the District of Columbia. Make sure you've checked your registration—then recruit a friend to do the same so they don't miss their chance to vote in this crucial election:  
Imagine a president who said all of these things. 
Thanks for having us, Graham! UK residents, you can catch the show here:  
In Houston about to speak to a crowd of committed activists at @AnniesListTX. Watch live!
Make sure Trump isn't rewarded for running the most divisive campaign in history:  
Writing “What Happened” was hard, so is what we see every day. As we move forward &amp; fight back, I hope this helps. 
Every minute we allow this to persist through tacit encouragement or inaction is a disgrace, &amp; corrosive to our values.
Thank you to the governors of Ohio, Illinois, New York, and other states who have shown leadership in closing schools, limiting public gatherings, and shutting down bars and restaurants to limit the spread of coronavirus. It's a tough call to make but the right thing to do.
We should not nuke hurricanes.
Today's the day when we show how much stronger we are together. Once you’ve voted, sign up for a volunteer shift: 
Unfortunately for Mike Pence and Donald Trump, Google exists (and we aren't stupid). 
“I want every boy and girl to know, the American Dream is big enough for you. And there is a place in America for you.” —Hillary in Colorado
“The only way we can have that positive, optimistic, unifying future is if all of you help us get there.” —Hillary 
To clarify, Louisiana will vote for governor on November 16th due to a runoff. Get ready to geaux vote! 
Thank you to @Realdavidcbanks, his team at @EAFNYC, and all the stakeholders that joined us for a terrific meeting this afternoon about expanding Eagle Academy’s pioneering work in public education. 
I stand w/ Nora Harren, a 17-year  from Boise, ID, &amp; every person marching for our values today. Onward! ✊✊🏾✊🏽✨ #WomensMarch 
"We have never before had a more qualified or prepared candidate for president than Hillary Clinton.” —@FLOTUS
We lost my brother Tony last night. It’s hard to find words, my mind is flooded with memories of him today. When he walked into a room he’d light it up with laughter. He was kind, generous, &amp; a wonderful husband to Megan &amp; father to Zach, Simon, &amp; Fiona. We’ll miss him very much.
In honor of #InternationalWomensDay, I want to celebrate some of the women and girls who inspire me every day.These women resist inequality, insist on a better world, persist against all odds, and enlist others in our shared fights.
My heart breaks for New Zealand &amp; the global Muslim community. We must continue to fight the perpetuation and normalization of Islamophobia and racism in all its forms. White supremacist terrorists must be condemned by leaders everywhere. Their murderous hatred must be stopped.
New Jersey: you have the chance to elect @PhilMurphyNJ @SheilaOliverNJ and other great Dems today. Take it!
Your vote could make all the difference. Confirm where you'll cast your vote for Hillary:  
Today, October 9, is the final deadline to register to vote in this critical election if you live in one of these states. Check your registration today, and tell a friend:  
If you're waiting for the right moment to call your Senator about Trumpcare, the moment is now. Don't wait until it's too late. 202-224-3121
If Donald Trump condones discrimination against his own employees, how would he lead our country? 
There are 50 days left until midterm elections. If you're good and mad and ready to rebuild our democracy, I'm asking you to do more than vote this year. Take the next step and volunteer. Sign up with @SwingLeft for #TheLastWeekend:  
If you'd like to work on a progressive campaign but don't know where to start, @ArenaSummit's December #ArenaAcademy is for you. An @OnwardTogether partner, Arena is training the next generation of campaign leaders. Apply before tomorrow's deadline:  
"I often think of that moment when we both came out to each other: me as a gay woman and Hillary as my ally." —Mira 
In the last 24 hours, the American president has:1. Corruptly pressured a governor to drop lawsuits against him to reverse a punitive policy change2. Claimed the power to personally direct the Justice Department to investigate anyone he wantsOur democracy is in crisis. 
“This election is on us; it is in our hands. If we get out and vote tomorrow, Hillary Clinton will win.” —@FLOTUS 
Talked with John Lewis who’s ready to fight another battle while he continues working for all of us. Support him and the #beloved community he stands for.
"Get this Donald: nasty women are smart, nasty women are tough, and nasty women vote.” —@ElizabethForMA: 
Congratulations to @shannonrwatts on #FightLikeAMother, the story of how @MomsDemand grew from an idea she had in her living room to a powerful grassroots network to prevent gun violence. It’s a lovely reminder that we can all change the country and the world. 
Congratulations to @highergroundlab for another wave of technology investments into innovative political startups that can help modernize Democratic campaigns up and down the ballot: 
When a black tenant applied for an apartment in one of Trump's buildings, she was told it wasn't available.A white tenant got that unit. 
A massive heat wave has caused the Greenland ice sheet to melt at rates not projected until 2070. We are in a climate emergency. Vote accordingly. 
A #debate preview that says it all. 
Along with @IndivisibleTeam, @ColorOfChange, @EmergeAmerica, @swingleft, and @runforsomething, I know these groups will continue to do the incredible work of making our democracy stronger in 2018, and I'm proud to be on their team.
"I know it seems a little odd for someone running for president to say we need more love and kindness in America." 
Whether it was stealing a Supreme Court seat, gerrymandering congressional districts to disenfranchise African Americans, or muzzling government climate scientists, Republicans were undermining American democracy long before Trump made it to the Oval Office.
Just yesterday, the House Judiciary Committee voted to advance a measure that would require background checks for all gun sales and most gun transfers.Rep. @LucyMcBath, who lost a child to gun violence, cast her vote by saying: "For my son Jordan Davis, I vote aye."
As this remarkable piece of journalism reminds us, the ordeal for survivors of torture doesn’t end after they are freed. I’m honored to be giving the keynote at a celebration tomorrow of @heartlandhelps’ transformative work to help survivors heal.
Dr. Paul Farmer has forever changed the field of public health through his revolutionary approach. Hope you’ll tune in for this important conversation. 
From rivals to colleagues to friends. Hillary and @POTUS, in photos: 
"Progress is on the ballot.Civility is on the ballot.Tolerance is on the ballot.”—@POTUSGo vote: 
Remember. #Debate 
.@LucyWins2018 is a businesswoman and activist running for Congress in the 6th district of Georgia. After her son, Jordan Davis, was shot and killed, Lucy turned her grief into action by fighting for both gun safety and criminal justice reform. 
Grateful to Planned Parenthood for continuing to provide essential services in Alabama and elsewhere while helping to fight the state legislative bans on women’s human and constitutional rights. 
Today marks the start of open enrollment for 2018 health coverage. Go to  to find your perfect plan. #GetCoveredNow
.@IndivisibleTeam @swingleft @ColorOfChange @EmergeAmerica @runforsomething Those are just a few of the groups Onward Together will support, working with @GovHowardDean and others—stay tuned for more to come.
Number of times Trump has tweeted at @Rosie: 65Number of times Trump has tweeted in support of Mike Pence, his running mate: 21 #VPDebate
The administration is canceling “English classes, recreational programs and legal aid” for kids in migrant shelters, meaning facilities for children would be indistinguishable from prisons. Don't let them get away with it. 
@mr_taylor Congratulations, Mike! We're lucky to have you on the team. And thank you for registering to vote immediately. :)
I’m going to keep tweeting about this, and speaking out every chance I get, until it is fixed.
National service has always been a bipartisan goal. When it's hard to find common ground, it’s important we come together where we can.
Watch Hillary deliver remarks on the election from New York City: 
America is one of the oldest democracies in the world, and voting is our most sacred right as citizens. Let's make it easy for every single American to cast a ballot.
Stronger together. 
Donald always takes care of Donald and people like Donald.  #debate
Having an amazing day touring @ClintonGlobal sites in Puerto Rico. Started the day with @chefjoseandres at a Plow to Plate farm, one of many made possible through José's energy &amp; ingenuity and a CGI commitment. 
With just 19 days left in this campaign, @FLOTUS hits the trail for Hillary in Arizona. Watch live → 
"I would like to extend my warmest congratulations to António Guterres on his appointment as the next Secretary-General of the @UN." 
Every minute of Michelle Obama’s 30 minute speech today is worth watching. 
America lost a giant with the passing of Rep. Elijah Cummings, a man of principle who championed truth, justice and kindness. He fiercely loved his country and the people he served. Rest In Peace, my friend.
How do we go high? We vote:  
“I’m inspired by her heart, her persistence, and her guts.” —@FLOTUS on Hillary:  
Because I have a life you can't make up: as a young lawyer I worked on the Watergate impeachment inquiry. One of my jobs was to sit alone in a windowless room and listen very carefully to tapes of President Nixon’s phone calls. #tbt 
Like our amazing partners, we're just getting started. If you'd like to join our team, sign up here: 
Maybe there's a reason Donald Trump refuses to release a real plan to combat ISIS. #Debate 
"Today, I'm asking for your vote. Tomorrow, let's make history together." —Hillary  
Barcelona, you have our resolve and support in the face of this cowardly attack. We stand together against terrorism wherever it strikes.
We’ve seen GOP secretaries of state purge voter rolls and close voting sites. We should make it as easy as possible for every American to vote. Step 1: Help @iVoteFund elect Democratic secretaries of state. If you can, pitch in for the home stretch: 
What’s on the ballot this year:Our future.Our security.Our values.Who we are as a country.
Trump wants to give the biggest tax breaks in history to the super-wealthy and raise taxes on the middle class.We can't afford that.
"Dignity and respect for women and girls is also on the ballot this election.” —Hillary 
At this rate, 1 in 8 homes in Florida could be underwater by the end of the century, when kids born today are grandparents.
No one in America should die because they can't afford insulin. 
Earlier this year, Ryan Kyote used his allowance to help pay down his classmates' food service bills. He caught the attention of @GavinNewsom, who did this over the weekend. What a wonderful bright spot—would love to see more states follow suit.
A merry Christmas to all, and to all a good night! 
Our progress is on the ballot.Tolerance is on the ballot.Democracy is on the ballot.Make a plan to vote:  
Pulling out of the Iran nuclear deal is a big mistake. It makes America less safe and less trusted. Iran is now more dangerous. What's plan B? Anyone who thinks bombing is the answer is woefully misinformed.
Bill and I will be traveling to Washington to pay our respects to President George H.W. Bush and his family at the funeral this week. We were greatly looking forward to being in Houston for our event this week, and are excited to come back next year as soon as we find a date.
This went under the radar last week, but we all need to speak out about it. The administration has moved to change decades-old rules so that they can hold migrant children in custody indefinitely. Right now, the detention limit for children is 20 days. 
Hillary's live in Cleveland talking about what we need to do to move our country forward. Watch here: 
This #GivingTuesday, consider giving to support organizations that have spent the last few months working tirelessly to reunite families the administration has separated at the border. Over 200 children are still waiting to be reunited with loved ones.
"I’m going to close my campaign the way I started my career…fighting for kids and families.” —Hillary 
“If you can be president of the United States, you can do anything.” —@TimKaine’s message to girls in America
Colin knows Hillary—not as first lady, secretary of state, or senator—but as his mom's best friend. Read his letter: 
I’m sending my condolences to all mourning the passing of Ralph Nesson. Ralph was a passionate advocate for families; we started the Arkansas Single Parent Scholarship fund together in 1990, which has awarded 40,000 scholarships to single parents. May his memory be a blessing.
The 1990s were a period of unprecedented economic growth (h/t @BillClinton!). Tune in today to a conference Bill and I are hosting out of Little Rock to review what worked then and how we can all help now to build an economy that leaves no one behind. 
.@VotoLatino is working to engage Latinos in the civic process. They recently helped register 5,000 people in just one day at March For Our Lives events. Their goal: register 422,000 voters for the 2018 midterms and turn out 80% of those people.
Too many American children will never have the opportunity to realize their dreams because their lives were cut short by a bullet. Our kids deserve to live free from the threat of gun violence. #WearOrange @Everytown @MomsDemand 
Happy two-year anniversary to our @OnwardTogether partners. In two years, we’ve brought on 13 incredible groups as official partners and supported many more through grants.
Facebook's decision to allow false information in political advertisements is appalling. Voters are being confronted by millions of pieces of misinformation. A world where up is down and down is up is a world where democracy can't thrive.
This fight isn't over until it's over, and the only thing we can count on in this era is that these battles won't always end the way we expect they will. Share the number of the Senate switchboard with a friend right now: 202-224-3121
As the president's impeachment trial began, Republican senators pledged an oath to defend the Constitution.Today, 52 of them voted to betray that oath—and all of us.We’re entering dangerous territory for our democracy. It’ll take all of us working together to restore it.
In 2011, Hillary advised @POTUS on the mission to take out bin Laden. Trump was on the Apprentice.  #DebateNight 
“I’m going to double the child tax credit—that’s another $1,000 for young kids to pay for the things you need.” 
Thanks to the always-delightful @TonyGoldwyn for sharing a stage with Bill and me in Boston, among many ferns. Photo: Matt Lambert 
It's Hillary's birthday! Don't forget to sign her card:  
A reality of a Supreme Court with a right-wing majority is that the states are a new important front in protecting civil rights—especially the rights of the most vulnerable among us.
“The choice that you make, that we make, will determine the direction of this country for a long time." —@POTUS:  
We’ve got to raise the minimum wage. No one who works full-time should still be in poverty. 
Spread the word: Some states have extended Affordable Care Act enrollment into January. Full list here:  
People are more likely to vote when their friends nudge them to vote. They're also more likely to vote when they have a plan to vote. So ask a friend today: "What's your plan to vote?"
Democracy works only when we accept that we’re in this together. We can’t just ask, “Am I better off than I was four years ago?” We have to ask, “Are we better off? Are we as a country better, stronger, and fairer?” Ultimately, healing our country will come down to each of us.
"Girls would grow up with a president who...brags about doing things to them without their consent." —Hillary on Donald Trump
"We don't disrespect women in our locker rooms." —@KingJames 
It'd been 100 years since @DispatchAlerts endorsed a Democrat for president—until now: 
Matthew’s parents, Judy and Dennis, lobbied hard for the Matthew Shepard &amp; James Byrd Jr Hate Crimes Prevention Act. They knew it wouldn't bring their son back, but they wanted other LGBT people to have that protection and justice. May their example inspire us all in these times.
Whatever he did, he did with his whole heart—whether he was running sprints, planning his wedding to the love of his life, rooting for his beloved Clemson Tigers, or working to build an America as kind, compassionate, and big-hearted as Tyrone himself.
Some photos from the book tour. I met so many incredible people, including some little heros, &amp; the occasional superhero... 
"It’s important to give you something to vote for, not just against." —Hillary  
However you serve, it feels great to be a part of something bigger than yourself—to work toward making something good happen in the world.
Let's celebrate New York State getting something important done that we wanted to do nationally. A great step for progressives. 
"Podemos demostrar que somos una comunidad poderosa. We can prove that we are a mighty community." —@SalmaHayek →  
Join Hillary for her last rally of the campaign in Raleigh, North Carolina: 
Trump suits were made in Mexico—he could have made them in Brooklyn, Ohio.Trump furniture is made in Turkey instead of Cleveland.
One thing's for sure: There's never a dull moment on political campaigns. Get in the mix—and help beat Trump in November—by applying to @orgcorps2020's one-week bootcamp for new organizers. Deadline tomorrow! 
Hillary just introduced a new plan to help lift families with children out of poverty: 
10 minutes of Donald Trump demeaning, objectifying, and insulting women.  
It’s not just our daughters we should raise as feminists. We should raise our sons as feminists, too. I got into why and how on the #YourPrimaryPlaylist podcast with @EmTSuss: 
“More than 3 million people have already voted, including many of you right here in Ohio.” —HillaryJoin them: 
This one's for you, Hillary. 
Words of advice from the 1969 @Wellesley College commencement speaker: Hillary Rodham.  
I want to be sure we're all clear about something that Brett Kavanaugh said in his confirmation hearings last week. He referred to birth-control pills as "abortion-inducing drugs." That set off a lot of alarm bells for me, and it should for you, too.
I’m thrilled to say the @OnwardTogether family is growing this winter with new partners. First up: @TXCivilRights, which works to advance equality and justice in Texas through legal advocacy and litigation. Head to  to be a part of their important work! 
Then, we need to do some housecleaning. Just as Nixon’s abuses of power led to reforms, post-Trump all future presidential candidates should be required by law to release their tax returns. They also should not be exempt from ethics requirements and conflict-of-interest rules.
@Hasbro Thank you. 🙏
“She said, ‘Do you want to sue Nazis with me? And I said, ‘Absolutely.’”So inspired by the dream team of @amyspitalnick, @kaplanrobbie, &amp; @karenleahdunn, who are taking on the structures of resurgent white supremacy with @IntegrityForUSA. 
Bernard Tyson spent his career working to help more people get access to more affordable health care. It’s a legacy to be proud of, and my thoughts are with his family, friends, and coworkers.
The abortion bans in Alabama, Georgia, Ohio, Kentucky, and Mississippi are appalling attacks on women's lives and fundamental freedoms. Women's rights are human rights. We will not go back.
If Donald is going to whine before the game is even over, he doesn’t have what it takes to do this job. #DebateNight
Millions of Americans work hard and pay their taxes. So why doesn't Donald Trump pay his? 
"His latest Twitter meltdown is unhinged, even for him.” —Hillary on Trump
.@Time: Why Mike Pence Didn’t Defend Donald Trump  
Don't forget, Florida: Your voter registration deadline is tomorrow, 10/18 at 5pm ET. Make sure you're registered at  
Storytelling is at the heart of every cultural &amp; political revolution. Looking forward to joining @WomenintheWorld tomorrow w/ 4 brave women who will share accounts of living under tyrants &amp; discuss threats to democracies around the world &amp; at home. #WITW
"On November 8, we can show our children that we reject hatred and fear.” —@FLOTUS:  
"Ask yourself: In a crisis, who would you trust? Who would listen to good advice, keep a level head, and make the right call?” —Hillary
Congratulations to Speaker Filler-Corn, and to Virginia! 
Hillary's been fighting for kids and families her entire career—and that's the experience she'll take to the White House. 
It's happening! Get your copy of #WhatHappened today:  
"No matter what issue you care about, it is on the ballot." —Hillary last night in Pennsylvania  
Sign up for the chance to join Hillary on Election Night in NYC—and bring a guest! We'll take care of the details: 
We've come too far to turn back now. Make sure you're registered to vote:  
This is exciting. @DrLeanaWen has dedicated her career to making sure vulnerable communities get access to the care they need, and she's the fighter we need to stand up to political attacks on women's health. 
From voter suppression to gerrymandering and foreign threats, American democracy is under assault. Tomorrow, I’ll talk solutions with @rweingarten, @EricHolder, @LeahGreenB, and more at an event from @ShankerInst, @AFTUnion, and @OnwardTogether. 
"He thinks we should be afraid of our Muslim brothers and sisters—because he has no idea who they really are." —@FLOTUS on Trump
Our friends at @IndivisibleTeam explain what's happening and what you can do (need to do!) to stop it. 
"Can [Pence] look back on the debate as a success after he repeatedly lied in order to run interference for Trump?" 
"If you believe in science and that we have to act on climate change, then you have to vote!" —Hillary 
Child welfare officials in Texas are investigating the death of a young girl who died after alleged inadequate treatment while she was being held with her mother in a detention facility:
We are indeed on the brink. Thank you to Rutgers for having me yesterday, and to all the students and community members who came out to have such a thoughtful conversation. 
Fighting for all the good she can, in all the ways she can, for as long as ever she can. #Debate 
"My son was Captain Humayun Khan ... and he was a Muslim American. I want to ask Mr. Trump: Would my son have a place in your America?” 
6 days until the most important election of our lifetimes.  Hillary live in Arizona → 
Election Day is almost here. Make a plan to join your friends and millions across the country to vote on November 8:  
"I believe with all my heart that our best days are still ahead of us, if we reach for them together.” —Hillary in Philly
The National @DomesticWorkers Alliance has worked to protect domestic workers, immigrants, women, and their families for more than a decade, and I'm proud to say that NDWA has joined @OnwardTogether as an official partner.
"I'm casting my vote early for Hillary Clinton, and I urge you to vote early for Hillary, too." —@FLOTUS 
And if you live in New York state like I do, there are a lot of important races today, so go out and vote—I did!
The Roberts Court has dealt some big blows to workers and unions in the last few years. With Kavanaugh on the Court, a 5-4 hard-right majority would be even more aggressive in siding with corporations over people.
@Astrid_NV @iammarleydias @aijenpoo @domesticworkers @reshmasaujani @ColleenFlangan advocates for health care and Americans with disabilities—absolutely refusing to be ignored. 
If Trump wants to make America great again, he should start by buying American steel for his construction projects.
In Europe, nationalists like Hungary’s Viktor Orban are exploiting this challenge to stoke fear and resentment. To defeat them and protect democracy, the EU needs a more comprehensive policy that builds societies that are both secure and welcoming.
Third, help elect secretaries of state around the country who will work to make it easier for people to cast their ballots. @iVoteFund is leading the charge here. 
Happy #EarthDay, and thanks to math and science for all you've given us! March on! 🎉🔬🔭
"When you hear folks...saying this election is 'rigged,' understand that they are trying to get you to stay home." —@FLOTUS
.@TinaSmithMN shares some qualities with her wonderful home state: hardworking, no-nonsense, huge heart. She's in a tight race to keep working for Minnesota families in a race that could decide control of the Senate. Pitch in if you can: 
"America is great because America is good, and if we…lift each other up, instead of tearing each other down, we can be even greater."
Almost every newspaper that has endorsed a presidential candidate in the general election has endorsed Hillary. 
We need a strong national defense, but a president shouldn’t need it next to him in a parade to show his patriotism.
.@alliance4youth, @IndivisibleTeam, and @swingleft set about organizing locally to mobilize young people and win back Congress. I truly don't think we would have won back the House without them.
Donald Trump is unqualified to be Commander-in-Chief. A president doesn’t call our military a “total disaster.” 
In the years since, in country after country, human rights have come to be seen not as a high-minded luxury but as a core national interest. But we have urgent work to do.
It's Election Day! Millions of Americans have cast their votes for Hillary—join them and confirm where you vote: 
The move is a dramatic escalation on the attacks on Obamacare in the courts, even for the Trump administration. Under Jeff Sessions, the Justice Department had argued some parts of the law could stand. Now, all of the law's protections will be at the mercy of conservative judges.
It's time for Trump to answer serious questions about his ties to Russia.  
Isn't it time to have a mom in the Oval Office?  
.@VotoLatino &amp; @Lyft are providing free rides to the polls in Arizona, California, Colorado, Georgia, Kansas, Florida, Nevada, New Mexico, Texas, &amp; Wisconsin. Spread the word: To request a ride, text VoteVL to 73179. You can also help cover rides here: 
He wrote approvingly of "recent changes to voting laws" that include not just voter ID but also laws that put restrictions on registration and cut back on both early voting days and polling place locations. All these changes are shown to disproportionately affect voters of color.
To everyone in the path of Hurricane Matthew: Stay safe, and know that America is with you. 
Sign up before midnight TONIGHT! 
The Supreme Court has taken on its first abortion case of the Kavanaugh era—choosing to re-visit a law it struck down in 2016 in the Whole Women's Health case. If the Court defies its own precedent, Roe’s protections will be rendered virtually meaningless. 
The president is turning to racist rhetoric to distract from his failures to take the coronavirus seriously early on, make tests widely available, and adequately prepare the country for a period of crisis. Don't fall for it. Don't let your friends and family fall for it.
They're from America, and you're right about one thing: Currently their government is a complete and total catastrophe. 
My thoughts are with the people of Oman as they mourn the passing of Sultan Qaboos. He led his country with wisdom and provided safe harbor for diplomacy. I’ll always be grateful for all he did to help secure the release from Iran of three American hikers in 2011. 
Tonight, Mike Pence is going to prove he's got Trump's back no matter what.Follow @TheBriefing2016 to hold him accountable. #VPDebate 
"I’ve tried to run a campaign based on issues. He’s run a campaign based on insults.” —Hillary on Trump 
This is what it's about:All the good we can,for all the people we can,for as long as we can. 
It’s crucial that however it comes out, Brexit should not be allowed to undermine the peace and prosperity that has been so dearly won here.
Glad to hear @mike_pence, his staff, Secret Service, and the crew are all safe. -H
"The fear of nuclear war that we had as children, I never thought our children would ever have to deal with that again." 
Bill and I will be in Vancouver tonight with @SophiaBush! Sophia's an amazing storyteller, activist and—as she'll tell you—most importantly, she's a voter. 
So in these surreal times, let’s rally together &amp; take action.  Call your House and Senate members at 202-224-3121 and tell them to take care of kids now and protect our seniors, the poor &amp; vulnerable from future attacks. Tell them that it’s the very least they can do.
Not only that - this administration built on their "zero tolerance" policy earlier this month. The result? Nearly 700 more kids were separated from their families in the first two weeks of the new program. Think about that. Hundreds of families torn apart in two weeks.
Sometimes it’s hard to know what to do after a loss. Not this time. This tax bill is only going to get worse as people learn more about it. There are 6 GOP Senators that have to run on it &amp; 2 open seats in 2018.  We all need to get to work.
Last Tuesday, Americans voted a wave of amazing Democrats into office up and down the ballot, including, for the first time, over 100 women in Congress. This Tuesday, ask someone amazing you know to join them in running for office: 
I'm excited to sign up for @Verrit, a media platform for the 65.8 million! Will you join me and sign up too? 
If you've considered running for local office—or know someone who would be great—please take a look at this incredibly useful new tool from @RunForSomething. Plug in your address and it'll tell you every elected position you may be eligible to run for: 
It's incomprehensible that our laws would protect gun makers over Sandy Hook families. We need to fix this. 
"It’s really clear that he does not respect women. He just judges us on our looks.” —@MachadoOficial on Trump
Wonderful news: Three communities of worshippers in Louisiana have surpassed their fundraising goal to rebuild after their historically black churches were lost to arson. Thanks to everyone who contributed and spread the word. 
If you have any junior-year college students in your life, make sure they know about Organizing Corps—an eight-week paid training program for young people who want to help Democrats win in 2020. The deadline to apply is April 8: 
Over 500 children are still waiting to be reunited with their parents, five weeks after the administration's deadline to reunify families. Every day they are made to wait is a tragedy.
Admitting that can be gutsy in itself! Lovely talking to you. 
Trump appears to have broken the law and acted against our nation's interest, all so he could line his own pockets.  
Victory for Macron, for France, the EU, &amp; the world. Defeat to those interfering w/democracy. (But the media says I can't talk about that)
“Hope is what drives Hillary...it is why she has spent her life fighting for kids who need a champion.” —@FLOTUS 
Where does Trump get his talking points from? Often this alt-right conspiracy theorist, Alex Jones. (Watch all the way to the end.) 
Matthew Shepard's ashes were laid to rest in the Washington National Cathedral today. Two days later, we’ll mark the nine-year anniversary of President Obama signing a law that bears Matthew’s name.
Well, now we know. 
This is one of the best things about Americans—we’re doers. When we see something that needs fixing, we roll up our sleeves and get to work.
The attack on Title X is not isolated. It’s clear that politicians who oppose reproductive health care are coming not just for abortion access, but all reproductive health care. It's up to all of us to fight back. #ProtectX 
“The work of democracy is about trying to do together what we cannot do individually. And so for me the best way to escape my disintegrating body is to engage in this collective struggle.” @AdyBarkan is fighting for health care as a human right: 
This is a big deal: at a time Americans already have reason to be concerned about access to clean drinking water, the president is reportedly planning to repeal major protections preventing lakes and streams from being contaminated by pollutants.
97 years of a passionate, independent spirit, &amp; a fierce commitment to Democratic values. Mary Louise Hancock will be missed by many, including me.
“My son had his whole life to live and he was only six,” said Alberto Romero. His son, Steven, was one of three people killed in yesterday’s shooting at a garlic festival in Gilroy, California. America cannot go on like this. For the sake of our kids, we have to change. 
Join Hillary, @KatyPerry, and @ShondaRhimes live in Philadelphia for a special GOTV concert: 
Nebraskans, today's your deadline to register to vote. Check your registration and spread the word to your friends and family: 
The violence transgender Americans face—particularly transgender women of color—is a rebuke to all of us. We have to do better. 
Live in VA, NJ, WA, NY or anywhere with an election today? Consider this my personal ask/nudge/plea for you to go to the polls and VOTE.
Something extraordinary is happening in Europe—and perhaps soon in America. Teen girls are leading a movement to stop climate change. 
"Get this, Donald:Nasty women are tough.Nasty women are smart.And nasty women vote."—@ElizabethForMA  
"This dinner brings together a collection of sensible, committed, mainstream Republicans, or, as we now call them: Hillary supporters."
Tomorrow caps an amazing journey, but the work we have to do is just beginning. 
The question is not whether Trump has committed impeachable crimes. He has. The question is whether Republicans in Congress will affirm that an American president is not above the law.
“Tomorrow, with your vote, you can stand up to those who seek to divide us and make us afraid.” —@FLOTUS #ImVotingBecause
I'm thinking today of our fellow Americans affected by the earthquakes in Puerto Rico. Many families have been left without power and water. If you can, support an organization providing disaster relief here: 
Thank you to all the students at @dartmouth for their thoughtful questions yesterday on everything from Iran and China to AI and the place of social media in our news environment. This generation doesn’t miss a beat. The entire talk is available here:  
Trump reportedly asked this about nuclear weapons: "If we have them, why can't we use them?"We can't let him become president. 
"The men in my life do not talk about women like this, and I know that my family is not unusual.” —@FLOTUS
It was such a delight to talk with the @BGTX team tonight. They’re turning Texas into a battleground state by treating it like one, from endorsing an all-women slate of candidates to registering 55,000 voters this cycle. Hard work pays off. Keep it going—eight more days! #GameOn
With just 4 days until Election Day, Hillary is in Ohio with @S_C_, @ChanceTheRapper, @JColeNC, &amp; more. Watch live: 
“We’ve got to get the economy working for everybody, not just those at the top.” —Hillary 
The perpetrators who set the Hopewell M.B. Church in MS on fire must be brought to justice. This kind of hate has no place in America. -H
Thanks to everyone who gave what they could to make an impact for those children &amp; families who need all of our support right now. 
In 2016, Kavanaugh held that corporations have the right to punish workers for displaying pro-union signs in their cars.
Leaving Sundance having seen some terrific films, including “Siempre, Luis.” It’s the story of how @Vegalteno has committed his life to activism, progressive values, &amp; Puerto Rico, all while raising a remarkable family (👋@Lin_Manuel). Check it out when you can!
"It’s time to get out the vote."   #JuntosSePuede 
Eid Mubarak to all those celebrating the end of the holy month of Ramadan. May God grant peace, health, and prosperity.
But we won't just vote against radicalism, bigotry, and corruption today. We'll vote for fantastic candidates all over the country—including a historic number of women—who want to raise wages, fight for justice, and help more people get health care.
“Should adults be arrested without their children because they are at school, day care, summer camp or a friend’s house, it is possible parents could be deported while their children are left behind.” Who could wish this on another human being? 
Exciting news: The one and only @BillieJeanKing will join @ChelseaClinton and me for the first stop on our #GutsyWomen tour in Brooklyn this Tuesday. Join us at the beautiful @KingsBklyn:  
Thanks to @MikeBloomberg for deepening his commitment to progress on clean energy, the opioid epidemic, gun violence prevention, better public schools, and all the other pressing issues our feckless president won't take action on. This is service. 
The test of any society is how it treats its children. We cannot allow millions of kids to lose access to basic health care. 5/7
I just love this: @MMLaFleur and @UniversalStand are offering wardrobe help to women running for any elected office. Affording professional clothing shouldn't be a barrier to better representation of women in public office. 
"President Hillary Clinton on her worst day would be so superior to a President Donald Trump on any day." 
Coming out often takes incredible courage. On #NationalComingOutDay, let's honor that courage by showing LGBT Americans we're with them. 
My heart is with the loved ones of the 49 people killed at Pulse, the city of Orlando, &amp; the LGBT community. #WeWillNotLetHateWin 
Republican lawmakers justify such laws because they protect against "voter fraud." But "voter fraud" has been proven in study after study to be a virtually non-existent problem, with incidence rates between 0.0003 percent and 0.0025 percent. 
Good. 
Replacing Kennedy with Kavanaugh would swing the Court to a new, hard-right majority that would rule against curbing greenhouse gases for years—maybe decades—that we can’t afford to waste on inaction.
"On January 20, we’re going to have a new president. I will be proud to build on the progress we’ve made under @POTUS and go even further."
“He has put Chinese steelworkers to work, not American steelworkers, and we’re going to change that.” —Hillary on Trump
Forget death panels. If Republicans pass this bill, they're the death party. 
We had our first annual @OnwardTogether members call yesterday. Thank you to the thousands of members who joined. We had a chance to hear from a few of our partner groups about the progress they're making to strengthen our democracy. I want to share some of it with you.
I had a lot of fun talking theatre with @jamiedumont, @StageLeft_NYC, and @SimardJennifer for the @fabulousinvalid podcast. You'll never guess what musicals I did in school. (Not a singer.) 
Barack Obama’s greatest strength? “Probably that I’m always early.”  
"You have a chance to reject the politics of fear. You can lift up again the politics of hope.” —@POTUS 
Whatever you do, do something. These midterm elections are our last chance to defend our democracy. Let's win.
Ryan, who was born with a disability and with the support of his family and world-class health care has had a lifetime of opportunities. 
"Let’s go out and prove that love trumps hate!” —Hillary  
This is a disgrace. American citizens need America’s resources. Now.
I’m thrilled to be joining forces with Steven Spielberg to bring @efweiss5’s book “The Woman’s Hour” to TV. It’s about the women who fought for suffrage nearly 100 years ago. We stand on their shoulders, and I’m delighted to have a hand in helping to tell their stories.
The decision we make in four days will affect our country for decades.  this if you agree: 
Every time things aren’t going his way, Donald Trump says it’s “rigged.” #DebateNight 
“She’s just out there every day doing God’s work in her own way. You know? Making her parents proud.” —Betsy, Hillary's lifelong friend 
There is no more important test of our country than the way we treat the most vulnerable among us, especially children. We cannot turn away from what’s happening on our watch - we have to act.
.@dreambignv, one of @OnwardTogether's grantee organizations, is raising money to cover DACA renewal fees for eligible young people across Nevada. If you can, help make sure no DACA recipient has to choose between their family, future, or education: 
A state legislator once brushed off Cassandra Levesque’s campaign to end child marriage in New Hampshire as “a request from a minor doing a Girl Scout project.” So Cassandra, 19 years old, ran for the state legislature herself—and won.  
This is the right thing to do for democracy in America and all over the world. What say you, @Facebook? 
Saddened by the passing of Choco Meza, a historic figure in Texas politics &amp; beloved friend on our team. My prayers are with her family. -H 
Four months old. 
Do your part to hold Donald Trump to the truth. Follow @TheBriefing2016 during tonight's debate for live fact-checking. #Debates
Please do not take medical advice from a man who looked directly at a solar eclipse.
In Michigan, voters chose Democrats to be governor, attorney general, and secretary of state. Since then, the Republican-controlled legislature has passed bills to gut minimum wage, slash paid sick leave, and limit the new secretary of state's powers. 
It's been four minutes. Donald Trump could have launched a nuclear weapon by now. #DebateNight 
I’m so proud of @dougblandry for bringing together 1,800 people from across the country this weekend to learn how to perform one of the most important functions on campaigns: advance work for events. If you’re interested in learning more, sign up at  
"It is great, also, to see Mayor Bloomberg here. It’s a shame he’s not speaking tonight. I’m curious to hear what a billionaire has to say."
.@SwingLeft is a national network of volunteers who have signed up to adopt a congressional swing district near them and turn it blue. We only need 23 seats to flip the House—find out how you can help: 
Targeting police officers with violence is unacceptable. My heart breaks for the loss these families have suffered. -H 
Republican officials across the country have used gerrymandering to choose their voters rather than letting voters choose their representatives. Join @DemRedistrict, an @OnwardTogether grantee, to end map manipulation: 
Trump obsessively bullies Rosie O'Donnell—an accomplished actor. He insulted Kim Kardashian for her weight—when she was pregnant. Pathetic.
Actions have consequences, and whether we’re in Syria or not, the people who want to harm us are there &amp; at war. Isolationism is weakness. Empowering ISIS is dangerous. Playing into Russia &amp; Iran’s hands is foolish. This President is putting our national security at grave risk.
This has to be our mission together—doing everything we can to help all our kids, and every American, live up to their God-given potential.
My thoughts are with these families and with everyone who is working to reunite them. Special thanks to Paco, Jaime, Juan, Vanessa, and Pamela, DACA recipients who are working hard at reunification sites to help these families get to their next destinations.
If you could use some counterprogramming to nearly everything in the news right now, may I suggest a book about more than 100 inspiring and courageous women who have changed the country and the world for the better? #gutsywomen 
Hillary and @KingJames are live in Cleveland with two days to go. Watch here: 
The message that women’s rights are human rights was censored on Chinese radio and television in 1995, but it reached the open web. #Web30 #ForTheWeb 
"We’re going to come together in the next 17 days and convince everybody you can to get out and vote.” —Hillary 
Millions of Americans will put tax checks in the mail today. Meanwhile, the secretary of the treasury and head of the IRS continue to refuse to turn over Trump's tax returns to Congress for reasons even they can't clearly articulate. #TaxDay
We've already seen the heartbreaking damage that detention can do to kids. It's terrible to think of what could happen to them if they're held indefinitely. You can help by leaving a comment to protest the proposed rule here: 
Pay attention to these voter purges—voter suppression tactics from Republican elected officials—and double-check your registration: 
What’s happening to families at the border right now is a humanitarian crisis. Every parent who has ever held a child in their arms, every human being with a sense of compassion and decency, should be outraged.
For the past two years, we've watched this administration attack and undermine our democratic institutions and values. Today, we say enough.
“In difficult times, we don’t discard our highest ideals, we rise up to meet them.” —@FLOTUS
A little over 15 years ago a bright young woman walked into my office in the Senate and I hired her to be my scheduler. Yesterday @LValmoro was asked back to her alma mater to introduce me to stage. A proud moment for a grateful boss. 
"If you believe that racism and sexism and bigotry have no place in our country...you need to vote." 
@PhilippeReines @RWPUSA @ErinBurnett @CNN 🙏
"Hillary will be a president our kids can look up to." —@FLOTUS 
Yes, we have to win back the presidency in 2020. But local races are just as crucial. Read this thread from the co-founder of @runforsomething, an @onwardtogether partner: 
Over 300 leading scientists from both inside and outside the government worked on the Fourth National Climate Assessment. You can read it in full here. 
This has gone on too long. There is nothing to debate. He must resign. 
A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons. 
Thank you, @LIRSorg, for your tireless work to help reunified families rebuild their lives. Everyone can be a part of these efforts—here’s one way to share your support. 
We should be a better country than one that tears families apart, turns a blind eye to women fleeing domestic violence, and treats frightened children as a means to a political end.
Thank you to all who have worn our country's uniform, and the families who serve with them. Happy Veterans Day.
About to take the stage at the AFT Convention in Pittsburgh. Tune in! 
High school and college students of voting age are making a plan to march to the polls together next Tuesday. Make sure young voters you know don't miss out:  
Donald Trump has repeatedly suggested that more countries should have nuclear weapons. Japan, South Korea, even Saudi Arabia.
Adding a citizenship question to the Census would undoubtedly lead Latino and other residents to avoid responding. The resulting count would be inaccurate, unfair, and unrepresentative—a failure of democracy with real consequences for states and communities.
“The measure of any society is how it treats its women and girls.” —@FLOTUS 
More people will early vote in 2016 than ever before. Join them:  
"My son was Captain Humayun Khan. He was 27 years old. And he was a Muslim American." 
In Puerto Rico for CGI’s 5th Action Network meeting with @BillClinton. Kicked off the week by going to see @Lin_Manuel &amp; the incredible cast of Hamilton perform to benefit the hurricane recovery efforts.We. Had. The. Best. Time. 
One adviser called Hillary's efforts to get kids health insurance a "one-woman army inside the White House." 
Two realities we must confront: 1. Climate change won't just affect the coasts. 2. Climate change is a national security issue. 
We have many fights ahead—from reuniting separated families to making sure the workers who care for families and homes across the country are treated with dignity and respect. I hope you’ll take a moment to learn more about NDWA and their mission: 
We are better than bigotry, fear, and hate.Share this if you agree.  
"Some staff members cried when they learned of the move, the shelter worker said, fearing what was in store for the children who had been in their care." This is horrifying. 
.@GinaOrtizJones is a veteran of the Iraq war, intelligence officer, and candidate for Congress in the 23rd district of Texas. She wants to create good-paying jobs and expand health care options for all Texans. 
“Join me in voting for a better America.” —HillaryRT so your friends can make a plan to vote today: 
Before sending anyone back to their jobs, @realdonaldtrump, you should try doing yours. 
There are only 77 days until the midterms. Are you registered and ready to vote? 
There are many organizations doing great work in the states, but I'd like to highlight three in particular—including two @OnwardTogether partners, @Sister_District and @Flippable_org:
“We need to show each other more kindness and support. The last thing we need in our country is more bullies.” —Hillary
Let's be clear: This administration's dehumanization and cruelty toward migrants will not stop after Kirstjen Nielsen leaves office. It is their principal policy.
“Hillary Clinton has never quit on anything in her life.” —@FLOTUS
"This guy is temperamentally unfit to be Commander-in-Chief and he’s not equipped to be president.” —@POTUS on Trump in North Carolina
Giving a great 4th of July holiday read to a great author &amp; friend, Louise Penny! 
Children are going to lose their health care. No one should want that. Call your member of Congress and tell them to act: 202-224-3121 
Don’t let anyone make you feel alone. We are with you and Puerto Rico. 
Bill and I are sending our condolences today to the family of Richard Hanna, who just passed away from cancer. He knew that we don’t have to see eye to eye on everything to agree that truth matters and right matters in the United States of America. 
Hillary is in Las Vegas, just 6 days from Election Day. Tune in to watch her live: 
A healthy democracy depends on fair maps. Next Tuesday, voters in Virginia, Mississippi, Kentucky, and other states will have their last chance to elect the state legislators and governors who can draw them in 2021. Find out what's on your ballot at 
"The clean energy superpower of the 21st century is probably going to be Germany, China, or us—and I want it to be us." —Hillary in Miami
Loved this moment from last night. Thanks to @KatyPerry, @JenCarlosMusic, and everyone out on the trail helping to get out the vote. -H 
Just last year, Kavanaugh ruled that the EPA's attempt to phase out hydrofluorocarbons, a particularly dangerous greenhouse gas found in refrigeration and air conditioning units, was outside its authority.
"She did everything to make me feel like...I belonged in the White House. Can you imagine? From foster care to the White House." —Shane 
The president hasn't just refused to condemn a foreign power that attacked our democracy. He's also failed to protect the country's voting systems against future attacks. He betrays his oath every day.
Four hundred pieces of legislation have Hillary Clinton's name on them.How many has Donald Trump passed? #debate
Thanks and congratulations to all our @OnwardTogether partners for two years of hard work that paid off in a big way this week.
If you want a career in politics but aren't sure how to start, take a look at @TrainDems Staff Academy. Their mission is to train and help place future leaders on Democratic campaigns.Apply now to be part of their 2020 program:  #TrainDems
"Look how far we've come from having no voice to being on the brink of making history." —@Beyonce  
From birth control to cancer screenings, Planned Parenthood has provided care for millions. That's worth celebrating—and protecting. 
Kavanaugh voted in 2012 to uphold a South Carolina voter ID law that the Obama administration found would disenfranchise 80,000 minority voters.
L'Shana Tovah to everyone celebrating Rosh Hashanah! May the coming year be filled with sweetness and joy. -H
"We cannot let anyone take away our hope.We cannot let anyone silence our voices.Because we know that every vote matters."—@FLOTUS
"When it comes to handling a crisis, we’ve seen in this campaign, Donald Trump loses his cool at the slightest provocation.” —Hillary
Great move by Chobani. Every parent deserves access to paid family leave. 
One of our most precious rights as Americans is the right to determine who our leaders are. The president abused his powers to cheat in the next election and rob us of that right. Then he obstructed Congress to cover it up. Impeachment is the only remedy. #DefendOurDemocracy
If by "nonsense" you mean "a cruel and absurd plan that will never happen," we agree. #VPDebate 
Make another suit. 
Outrageous: More than 900 children have been separated at the border from their parents since a judge ordered the administration to stop family separations. 
So think of a woman you know who should run for office. Then take a moment today to ask her to do it. Tell her she'll have help from @emergeamerica, @emilyslist, @runforsomething, and you. With one question, you could start something pretty big.
A rally fit for a King.  
If you or someone you know is concerned about food or housing security, or if you’re looking for somewhere to make a donation, here are a few organizations offering support during this crisis:🍎@FeedingAmerica👶@nokidhungry🌍@wckitchen🚗@godslovenyc➕@DirectRelief🏡@NLIHC
"Casting our vote is the ultimate way we go high when they go low.” —@FLOTUS 
My thoughts are with everyone affected by record-breaking river flooding along the Mississippi and Missouri rivers, particularly hard-hit Nebraska. Nine million people in 14 states are under flood warnings that could persist for weeks. 
Trump has gotten one thing right about the economy. #debate 
Millions of people have lost their employer-tied health care over the last two weeks because of the pandemic. It's an easy call: Re-open the health care exchanges. 
Thank you, @CecileRichards, for your tireless advocacy on behalf of women and girls, and for your grace under pressure over these last 12 years. And thank you to @PPFA for all you’ve done and continue to do to advance reproductive rights. Onward!
He may not remember, but I’ll never forget that day or the years after working as Senator to keep NY safe and helping our First Responders. 
"Can I just say, I am really into electing Hillary Clinton.” —@POTUS:  
We're on track to having the biggest voter turnout in American history.Be a part of it and make a plan to vote: 
This year, @OnwardTogether was able to give more than $2.5 million in funding and grants to organizations fighting to make our country a better place. I'm deeply inspired by what our partners have achieved this year. I think you will be too, so here's a report-back:
In the 1970s, Trump's real estate company marked rental applications for African Americans with a "C" for "colored." 
Donald Trump has a unique view of the Bill of Rights. Here’s what it might look like under his presidency: 
Scrolling through images of the #womensmarch is awe-inspiring. Hope it brought joy to others as it did to me.
When you wake up Wednesday morning, will you know that you've done all you could have? There's still time to:- Talk to friends in swing districts:  Make calls or texts:  Knock on doors near you: 
“Folks marched &amp; protested for our right to vote. They endured beatings and jail time. They sacrificed their lives for this right.” —@FLOTUS
Great to see ppl take to the streets &amp; combat climate change, protect the next generation &amp; fight for jobs &amp; economic justice.#climatemarch
In the year since the March For Our Lives, the House has passed a historic bill that would require background checks on all gun purchases. Now we need a Senate that will vote on it and a president who will make it reality. 
Voting isn't a privilege. It's a right. And requiring voters to pay off fines and fees to exercise that right is a modern-day poll tax. 
It’s true! I want to join your book club to talk about What Happened &amp; what’s happening...sign up! 
@Astrid_NV @iammarleydias @aijenpoo @domesticworkers @reshmasaujani The US women’s hockey and soccer teams stood up for themselves and all women in sports by demanding pay equity and fair treatment. 
.@EmergeAmerica is working hard to make sure we’ll always have qualified Democratic women on the ballot. I’m thrilled they’re bringing this important work to Arkansas, a state near and dear to my heart, with the launch of their 25th state affiliate.
A mother who lost a son to gun violence asked Hillary a question about how we can stop it: 
What kind of a person brags on 9/11 that, now that the Twin Towers had fallen, a building he owned was the tallest in Lower Manhattan?
Thanks to everyone at @GWRodham for a great discussion last week, and for advocating for stronger communities with better health outcomes.
"Now is the time for all of us to stand up and say, enough is enough.” —@FLOTUS on Trump 
RT this if you're proud to be on this team—all the way to the White House.  #VPDebate 
"He lost $1 billion running a casino. Who does that?” —Hillary on Trump: 
This hasn't gotten enough attn: For the first time, Congress missed the deadline to reauthorize the Children's Health Insurance Program. 1/7
This was such a joy. And it's true, we need young people more than ever in public service. There’s a lot of hard work that has to be done, but there’s also a lot of room for imagination. 
Nope.The @ClintonFdn has—among many other things—provided 13k doses of naloxone to fight ODs and helped deliver supplies to Puerto Rico in the face of your inaction.Your foundation, in the NY AG’s words, engaged in “a shocking pattern of illegality.” 
Imagine Donald Trump's most hateful rhetoric signed into law. Mike Pence's record shows that it could happen. 
Today's reason to call your senators and urge them to #StopKavanaugh: Kavanaugh would help kill the Voting Rights Act and uphold voter suppression laws that make it harder for voters of color to cast ballots.
A multimillionaire should never pay a lower tax rate than a teacher or a nurse or a policeman or a firefighter.
Oh is that today? 
Second, know that if you're a registered voter, you have the right to vote. This @ACLU guide walks you through your rights. 
We owe it to this young man who lost classmates: 
No child should have to fear violence in their school. It should have been true for Sandy Hook six years ago. It should be true today. Let's keep working until it's reality.
Now is the time to bring human rights out of the ivory tower and into what Eleanor Roosevelt called "small places close to home"—into neighborhoods and schools, offices, factories, and farms, and the hearts and daily interactions of men and women everywhere.
Let’s go make some history today.  
Want to run for office or join a campaign but unsure of how to get started? If you're near Philadelphia, consider attending the @ArenaSummit this weekend. It’s a gathering for the next generation of civic leaders: 
I stand with the people gathered across the country tonight defending our values &amp; our Constitution. This is not who we are.
Couldn't have put it better! Proud to have contributed to this book about how to @runforsomething. 
"Education should lift you up, not hold you back. We’re going to help you pay back and pay down your loans." 
"Now is the time for all of us to stand up and say enough is enough. This has got to stop right now." —@FLOTUS on Trump 
Congratulations to Lucy McBath for winning her race for Georgia's sixth congressional district. Lucy entered public life after her son, Jordan, was shot and killed. Now, she's brought her voice to Congress in the fight to prevent gun violence. Onward, Lucy!
Happy Election Day!  
Thank you @CecileRichards for your extraordinary leadership over the last 12 years as president of Planned Parenthood - and for getting up every single day to fight for a world where women's rights truly are human rights. #ThankYouCecile 
In the face of crisis, FDR had the New Deal to help suffering Americans. Now, @realdonaldtrump, you and your fellow Republicans are pushing the #SelfDeal. See the difference?
At tonight's debate, Janelle will be in the audience cheering on her friend, Hillary. #Debate 
As we keep everyone affected by Hurricane Harvey in our thoughts, here’s how you can help:
.@Resist_School has excellent trainings on canvassing best practices, including how to encourage someone to commit to an action (like voting!): 
"To all the women...who put their faith in this campaign and in me...nothing has made me prouder than to be your champion." —Hillary
"They're doing it as we sit here," Director Mueller said of Russian interference. And Republicans are holding open the door, leaving us vulnerable to ongoing attacks. 
Mike Pence has actually signed into law hateful policies like those touted by Donald Trump. 
.@arenasummit, @CollectivePAC, @EmergeAmerica, and @runforsomething have collectively recruited, trained, and supported hundreds of candidates up and down the ballot. They are building a Democratic bench, candidate by candidate and race by race.
Will Ferrell: comedian, actor, just your average millennial. 
A brilliant way to draw attention to the equal pay gap: Women in the UK set out-of-office notifications this weekend saying they'll be out for the final six weeks of the year they'll be working "for free." 
The Trump administration is failing our kids. Vote accordingly.
Trump has made it worse with cruel abuses at the border, detaining children and separating them from their families. It’s one of the most shameful moments in our history.
For forty years, every presidential candidate has released their tax returns—except for Trump. What's he hiding? 
Yes! 
Thinking of those who put their lives on the line to defend America. Let's keep these missing sailors in our thoughts &amp; prayers today. 
We covered the waterfront, give it a listen! 
Thank you for a delightful evening, and please pass along to Jake that a positive review from him goes a long way in our house! 
Going on stage now, watch live! 
“She's got the knowledge and experience and the temperament to be the next Commander-in-Chief.” —@POTUS on Hillary
Americans deserve a real plan to expand access to health care and get costs down.  #debate
I spoke at Oxford University today about the challenges ahead of us, both abroad and at home, and how we can come together to meet them for the sake of our democracy:
It’s been almost 2 months since Congress let the program that provides health care for 9 million children expire. Call Congress &amp; tell them to reauthorize CHIP now: 202-224-3121 
Thanks to @NationalSCLC for the honor of speaking in Atlanta about the fights we need to wage &amp; win now. As we've seen the president use his bully pulpit to pit Americans against one another, we know we are better than this. But we better start proving it and not just saying it. 
So delighted to be at @georgetownsfs today for a de facto State Department reunion with old colleagues and friends, 10 years since I took office as secretary of state. 
16 days.  
Gabby and Mark are right: “America is facing a serious but totally preventable epidemic of gun violence.” Join me in supporting them. 
Thanks to all who brought about this lovely tribute to our North Star, @RepCummings. 
Trump’s campaign strategy:Get women to stay home.Get young people to stay home.Get people of color to stay home.
Daquan Oliver founded an entrepreneurship program to empower low-income teens and help them break the cycle of poverty. 
Still no bill. Call the Senate switchboard &amp; ask for your Senator. Tell them this bill will hurt people you know &amp; love. (202) 224-3121 
Here are some things we’ve both done over the last 30 years:  
Hillary won tonight. Chip in to help her win on November 8th:  #Debate
Democracy is a habit. It must be practiced again and again. Yes, that means voting. But it also means debating and compromising, participating in shared institutions, and honoring the rights and needs of all citizens.
New York's resilience is stronger than a cowardly act of terror. Thinking of the victims, their families, &amp; the responders who saved lives.
@KLSecondCity Please pass on to Nora that I'm thinking of her, rooting for her, and a proud member of #TeamNora.
While millions of families paid their fair share in taxes, it looks like Trump contributed nothing to our military or our schools for years. 
Historic numbers of people are running for office, and @KChildsGraham's new book captures the inspiration of 35 candidates' stories in one volume—including a foreword from @TammyforIL! As an added bonus, part of the proceeds go to @runforsomething.  
This team has so much to be proud of. Whatever happens tonight, thank you for everything. 
Women's reproductive rights are human rights that are universal and indivisible. Governments do not get to pick and choose whose rights and which rights will be respected.
Best of luck to the Member Team &amp; the Press Team tonight at the @CWSoftballGame, which raises money for young women with cancer. #CWSG
@leedanielsent Thanks, Lee! Great to have you on this team. -H
In America, no one is above the law.Join @IndivisibleTeam at events around the country this Tuesday to demand your representatives fulfill their constitutional oaths to hold the president accountable: 
Congratulations to all the volunteers, organizers, and candidates who worked their hearts out, win and lose, in 2019. Let’s celebrate the amazing wins, especially in Virginia (a new trifecta!), and let’s keep building everywhere. Onward!
450 brand-new civic leaders and activists attended the very first @ArenaSummit -- and they're on track to train 5,000 people by the end of 2018.
"Tomorrow, we face the test of our time. What will we vote for?” —Hillary  
You'll have to watch @FallonTonight to find out what's in the bag.  
It's becoming a challenge to keep up with the high crimes and misdemeanors.
Don’t miss out! Join them:  
Voting registration deadlines are coming up fast. Take two minutes now to check your registration, and ask a friend to do the same: 
Thanks to Isolde Fair &amp; her classmates for this inspiring song. I'm with YOU. 👏👏👏✨Watch: 
G’mar chatima tova to those celebrating #YomKippur. Wishing you a meaningful day and an easy fast. -H
Wish Hillary a happy birthday by making a plan to vote:  
Ask yourself: Do you want the guy who lost a billion dollars in one year—running a casino!—to run the U.S. economy? #debate
For those of you who don’t know @aminatou, she’s a supremely talented young woman with a terrific podcast, @callyrgf. She is also courageously &amp; gracefully managing a cancer diagnosis. Amina, sending you good vibes post-surgery &amp; sharing your inspiring thread. 
Everyone has the power to make a difference in this year’s elections by volunteering. This new training resource from @swingleft makes it incredibly easy. Check it out. 
What I'm thinking about today:Khizr Khan: a vet who fought with those now excluded:
I'm so proud of @TerryMcAuliffe for his continued leadership in Virginia. It’s absolutely crucial that we win back state legislatures ahead of next year’s Census and redistricting process, and that’s exactly what he’ll help do in his home state. Thank you for your service, Terry.
If we had a dollar for every time Mike Pence lied last night, well... 
In its 120-year history, @azcentral has never endorsed a Democrat.Here's why the paper just endorsed Hillary: 
Asked why she persisted in the fight for women’s suffrage, ratified August 18, 1920, Alice Paul said: “When you put your hand to the plow, you can’t put it down until you get to the end of the row.” With thanks to our forebears for all they've fought for, the work continues. 
.@SwingLeft has launched a virtual organizing hub so that you can help elect Democrats while still staying home. 
The Central Park Five were exonerated. What does it say about Trump that he thinks they should still be in prison? 
For all of those who can differentiate a #FamiliesFirst package from self-serving slush funds: Call your representatives 202-224-3121 to let them know which one you support. 
The administration's ban on transgender servicemembers begins today. It is abhorrent. Every American should be able to serve their country, and I can't believe we're still debating that in 2019. We have to reverse this as soon as we can.
When it comes to policy plans, there's no comparing Hillary and Trump. #DebateNight 
As I said after the Iran deal was reached, it was not perfect but it achieved its fundamental mission of blocking every pathway for Iran to get a bomb.
The result: 
Can't vote in person? Get an absentee ballot. 
"In this race, we have a candidate whose vision for our country is completely and utterly lacking in hope." —@FLOTUS on Trump
The white nationalists certainly think MAGA is a white nationalist slogan. 
As president Hillary will stand up for kids and families. She’s done it her whole life: 
Let us be clear: The president has sided with authoritarian leaders of Turkey and Russia over our loyal allies and America’s own interests. His decision is a sickening betrayal both of the Kurds and his oath of office.
This election is about whether we’re a country that lifts each other up or tears each other down. 
"We don't want to go back. We want to go forward." —@RepJohnLewis  
When Bronx found out he shares a birthday with Hillary (October 26—today!), he was determined to write her a letter.  
Ryan Ubuntu Olson has worked with governments, businesses, and service organizations to support marginalized communities. 
A four-year college should not be the only path to a middle-class life: 
Last night, Trump called a military effort to push terrorists out of Mosul a “total disaster.”That’s dangerous. 
Six weeks after the administration's deadline to reunify families, 497 children are still waiting.
27 million Latinos are eligible to vote this year.Millions have already voted.Ready to join them?  
Ambassador @McFaul is a patriot who has spent his career standing up for America. To see the White House even hesitate to defend a diplomat is deeply troubling. 
In America, we don’t say we’re going to “keep you in suspense” about whether we’ll respect the outcome of an election.
Instead of dark and divisive, our vision for America is hopeful and inclusive. Big-hearted, not small-minded. It’s about lifting people up.
Ryan talks about living with a disability—and befriending Hillary back in 1994: "She looks at me the way I always wanted to be looked at." 
When pressed about Trump insulting and demonizing Latinos and immigrants, Mike Pence had a...telling response. 
I gave @TheEllenShow a little preview of #HillaryonHulu, the four-part docuseries premiering in March. It's the story of my life—but it's also the story of American women over the past 50 years. 
.@SwingLeft's Academy has instructional videos covering everything you need to know before heading out to knock on doors this or taking a phone bank shift this weekend: 
In sum: Kavanaugh doesn't think judges should consider public safety or allow common-sense gun laws. Meanwhile, 96 Americans are killed with guns every day. Call your senators: (202) 224-3121
"This is not the outcome we wanted. I’m sorry we did not win this election for the values we share and the vision we hold for our country."
Let's talk about Brett Kavanaugh's past rulings on guns. He's out of the mainstream, even among other conservative judges, in his willingness to strike down legislatures' public safety measures to prevent gun violence if they don't align with his politics.
“Two words give us hope: Madam President." —@VogueMagazine  
We make it almost impossible for too many women to balance work and family. That needs to change:  
These words from Dr. King also come to mind today: 
Highly recommend watching this: 
Adele's grandfather built her family's home after he returned to St. John from World War II—and she won't give up on it. Neither can we. 
“Just kiss. I don’t even wait. I sort of get away with things like that." —Donald Trump 
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine want to build on Obamacare." —Mike PenceFact check: True. #VPDebate
The U.S. is ranked 106th out of 193 countries on @CFR_org's new Women's Power Index, which tracks where women around the world have the most political power. We can and must do better.
"I see no conflict in saving people’s lives and defending the 2nd Amendment." #DebateNight 
Back in the '90s, Democrats and Republicans worked together to pass CHIP. Today, it covers 9 million kids. 2/7
"The best choice, without a doubt, is Hillary Clinton." —@SLTrib endorsing Hillary 
Congratulations to @Marie4Congress for her win in #IL03 yesterday. It's a victory for reproductive rights, better health care, DREAMers, our climate, and an economy that works for everyone.
Next week, Bill and I will be in New York on the 11th with @PaulBegala (expect 2020 talk), Detroit on the 12th with @RedHourBen (expect belly laughs), and Philadelphia on the 13th with Nnamdi Asomugha (expect football &amp; Broadway chatter). Looking forward!  
Get involved in this election in one of the places where it will count the most: Apply to #ArenaAcademy to learn how to staff a FL State House race after graduating and fight GOP attacks on voting rights. Open to all. Apply by April 3rd: 
Wonder if Trump has shown Pence his "secret plan" to defeat ISIS. We’re still waiting. #VPDebate 
We're almost to the finish line, and you can help Hillary get there. Early vote today:  
"This is such a special event that I took a break from my rigorous nap schedule to be here." —Hillary #AlSmithDinner
This election will have record turnout, because voters see through Trump’s shameful attempts to undermine it just weeks before it happens. 
This is not just about a reckoning with the recent past. This is about what is going on today and threats to our next election, to our defense as a nation. 
“Let us have faith in each other. Let us not grow weary. Let us not lose heart. For there are more seasons to come and...more work to do.”
The @NewYorker endorses Hillary:  
Great question: Why is @senatemajldr so afraid of democracy? 
A young girl asked: "What are you going to do about all this bullying?"  
“I will be a president who seeks to find common ground while standing my ground.” —Hillary
Tune in for a live conversation on making college affordable for all with Hillary and @BernieSanders at @UofNH → 
Let’s come together to give every American the chance to chart their own future. Let’s prove once-and-for-all that love trumps hate.
Election Day is in one week—and once it's over, it can't be redone. Is everyone you know voting? RT this.  
Just 29 days left until Election Day. Join Hillary for her first stop since last night's debate → 
Seventy-eight congressional districts will determine whether or not we flip the House in three weeks. Find out if you live in one—then recruit your friends and neighbors to make a plan to vote: 
.@Sister_District makes it easy for anyone, anywhere to get involved in a state legislature race. And as their volunteers can tell you, it's fun. Join them in these last two weeks before the election: 
The Trump administration is preparing sweeping raids on undocumented people as the president threatens to go against the Supreme Court and demand citizenship information through the Census. Weaponized fear and bigotry are the central projects of this administration.
Heartbroken for the families of two brave officers who were killed in Iowa. There’s no justification for this kind of violence. -H
Hoping everyone has a safe &amp; Happy Thanksgiving today, &amp; quality time with family &amp; friends. -H
Many states have voter registration deadlines today. Don't sit out—make sure you're registered to vote: 
This is cruel and utterly unnecessary. This girl must be reunited with her family immediately. 
Now is the time to listen to the students, teachers, and parents demanding that we end this carnage once and for all with gun safety laws that keep guns out of the hands of those who shouldn’t have them.
The president has abused his power—using his office to further not the nation's objectives but his own personal, political objectives—and, together, we are holding him accountable. Feel proud. Keep going.
The deadline to make a public comment opposing indefinite detention of immigrant families is the same as another big deadline—November 6. As you GOTV, take five minutes to say #FamiliesBelongTogether: 
"We are Black, we are proud, and here’s why we are working to elect Hillary." @HFA staffers on why they're with her:  
People being held in ICE detention sites are going on hunger strikes to protest conditions. ICE is force-feeding them. None of this should be happening in America. 
With our democracy in crisis and our institutions and traditions under siege, we need to do everything we can to fight back. Here's how.
Americans are coming together to reject hate and division. Americans are rejecting Donald Trump’s demeaning treatment of women.
'Hope Not Fear'Indeed. And what a beautiful piece by Louisa Cannell. #womensmarch 👊👊🏻👊🏼👊🏽✨ 
Bill and I send our warmest congratulations to Meghan, Harry, and the entire @RoyalFamily for the new addition! What a blessing.
There's a lot going on right now—understatement of the year. The separation of families and the failure of the administration to reunite them has been eclipsed in the news in recent days, but these tragic circumstances persist. Here are some of the latest developments:
During the Obama years, Kavanaugh came down against the EPA in every one of the three major cases he heard about the agency's authority to regulate greenhouse gases.
Get all the latest updates from tonight's debate straight to your phone. #Debate 
When the president gives the order to launch a nuclear weapon, that’s it. The officer has to launch. It can take as little as four minutes.
For respect.For the future.For our planet.On Tuesday, they're gonna hear us roar:  
Study after study shows that person-to-person conversations are the most effective way to turn people out to vote. Sign up with @SwingLeft to knock on doors in a toss-up congressional district near you during the last weekend before the election. 
Another terrific organization Onward Together is working with to make change! 
In two years, @RunforSomething has recruited 28,000 young, diverse progressives who want to run for office and elected more than 200 of them to local office in 40 states. In 2018, their candidates were 3 of the 12 Texas House pick-ups and 3 of the 11 Florida House pick-ups.
Women's rights are human rights, and for 50 years @NARAL has taken on the toughest fights to protect our most fundamental freedoms. Happy anniversary. Let's keep going.
First: Register to vote, or check your registration to make sure you're ready to vote. Then pass on the link to a friend: 
Glad to be in St. Thomas, USVI this morning speaking with leaders on the front lines of climate change. There are so many people working to create resilient communities and inspire climate-smart actions—tune in to hear from some of them at 11am ET: 
.@TimKaine's favorite records—and 13 other things you should know about America's next vice president: 
Trump on losing the Emmy tonight: "I should've won." #DebateNightTrump on losing the Emmy in 2012, 2013, and 2014: 
“This election is a reckoning. It is a choice between division and unity.” —Hillary 
RT this if you're prouder than ever to be on Hillary's team.  #DebateNight 
A lovely tribute that captures what made Betsy Ebeling, my dear friend, so special to so many of us. She was our north star. 
Khizr Khan, father of a fallen Muslim American hero: "I want to ask Mr. Trump: Would my son have a place in your America?" 
Need some brushing up on your GOTV-ing skills before heading out for the last four days? Here are some tireless organizations that have you covered:
Today we remember those we lost on September 11, 2001, and reflect on the sacrifice of the victims and responders. We'll never forget.
"Hillary Clinton is a distinctly capable candidate: experienced, serious, schooled, resilient." —The @NewYorker  
This took courage. Thank you, David, for speaking out. Now let’s turn to the future and mobilize people for the midterms. 
Today there are gubernatorial elections in Louisiana, Kentucky, &amp; Mississippi, state legislative elections in New Jersey and Virginia, &amp; hundreds of local races across the country. Their outcomes could give us fairer district maps and much more. Go vote! 
Of course, combating climate change is about more than dollars and cents. It's a moral imperative. Our children and grandchildren deserve to live on a planet that can support their lives, liberty, and pursuit of happiness.
Sharice Davids and Deb Haaland will be the first Native American women to ever serve in Congress. Rashida Tlaib and Ilhan Omar will be the first Muslim women to serve.
Check out what @LeanInOrg is doing to celebrate #EqualPayDay.#
Thanks for standing, speaking &amp; marching for our values @womensmarch. Important as ever. I truly believe we're always Stronger Together.
After Justice Kennedy announced his retirement from the Supreme Court, @WeDemandJustice leapt into action to launch a movement to #StopKavanaugh. They're doing a 10-city #RiseUpForRoe tour and will have a day of action on 8/26: 
Donald Trump's equal pay plan for women: "You're gonna make the same if you do as good a job." 
Imagine an America in which women are barred from getting IUDs or birth control pills, and doctors are criminalized for prescribing them. It's an America in which women would be punished for insisting on being full and equal partners in society.
The crowd fled at the sound of gunshots. Imagine the deaths if the shooter had a silencer, which the NRA wants to make easier to get.
Thank you all for your service to your country. Take a well-deserved rest, and then let's keep going.
When Trump calls America a "third-world country," you can tell he doesn't do a lot of listening to what's actually happening in America. 
I'm so proud of @OnwardTogether partners &amp; grantees like @ArenaSummit, @IndivisibleTeam, @RunForSomething, @SwingLeft, @VotoLatino, @EmergeAmerica, and more who recruited candidates, mobilized voters, and changed the map for Democrats. And I know you’re just getting started. 💪
Kavanaugh wrote a majority opinion for the D.C. Circuit Court in 2012 that struck down a federal program to curb cross-state pollution from power plants.
"Tomorrow...the choice you face when you step into that voting booth could not be more clear and could not be more serious.” —@POTUS
"I feel like I'm the political equivalent of the Antiques Roadshow." —@BillClinton, now playing on With Her at  
It's unclear exactly whom Mike Pence was defending last night, but it sure wasn't Donald Trump. The @NYTimes: 
Good food, good books, and good people—all while you're getting a load of laundry done. There's no place like New Orleans, and there's no place like Melba's at Wash World. We loved dropping in to visit this @2SmallToFail success this weekend. 
"I took a break from my rigorous nap schedule to be here."Catch up on Hillary's best lines at the #AlSmithDinner: 
It’s easy to get cynical about politics, but that’s what the other side wants you to feel.Prove them wrong: 
"I want this election to be about something, not just against somebody.” —Hillary in Iowa: 
You don’t want to miss this one: Join Hillary, @POTUS, @FLOTUS, @BillClinton, and @ChelseaClinton live in Philly. 
Americans deserve to know what's in the GOP health care plan.Hold hearings &amp; be accountable to your constituents.That's democracy. 
Given the news coming out of the Supreme Court this week, I'm excited to support @WeDemandJustice's critical work by welcoming them into the @OnwardTogether family. 
Great to be back in Brooklyn sharing #ItTakesAVillage with readers of all ages! 
.@KingJames is a great family man, incredible ballplayer, gives back to his community, and isn’t afraid to speak his mind. He’s a world class athlete and a class act. We need more like him in this world.
A promise to "Make America Great Again" might mean more from someone who actually made his products in America. 
That ruling won't just hurt seven million public-sector union workers with contracts. It'll hurt all workers, because union deals on wages and working conditions affect what businesses without unions do, too.
Today marks one year since the administration announced its "zero tolerance" policy at the border. Families were ripped apart with no plan to reunite them. Many are still waiting. It is a defining failure of policy and humanity.
"You have a candidate who is worthy of your vote—who is smart, who is steady, who is tested.” —@POTUS on Hillary 
Pitch in to their campaigns if you can, reach out to friends in their districts to encourage their support, or start with a like or a follow. November 6th is only 36 days away, so there's no time to waste.
Every voter must have the opportunity to vote by mail this year. Senators @RonWyden and @amyklobuchar have a bill to get it done, and you can call your senators right now at (202) 224-3121 to urge them to support it. 
Fighting for kids in foster care has been one of the causes of Hillary's career, all the way back to law school. 
No, you didn't.  #DebateNight 
Every day that we fail to act on gun violence, we are failing our children. This should be a day for soul searching across America - and that soul searching should be matched with legislating to begin dealing with this national shame.
Louisiana, it's time to geaux vote! Your next governor could have the power to veto unfair congressional maps during redistricting next year—so be sure to make your voice heard. Find your polling place here: 
We need end-to-end reform in our criminal justice system. Not half measures, but full measures:  
A rainy but wonderful morning march in the Chappaqua Memorial Day Parade. Thinking of our veterans who gave their lives for this country. 
But the incitement of hatred that got us here is as real and condemnable as the white supremacists in our streets.
.@ChelseaClinton, I'll work on my penmanship for our next one.
“I will do my best to bring people together, not pull them apart...let’s make sure we win on Tuesday and prove that love trumps hate.”
"Everyone is safer when the police respect the people they protect and when the people respect the police who serve them.” —Hillary
Six-week abortion bans are effectively total bans on abortion, as many women don't know they are pregnant at six weeks. I stand with everyone in Georgia and around the country fighting these illegal measures that threaten women’s lives and freedoms. 
“We expect record numbers of people to vote in this presidential election.” —HillaryMake sure you're one of them: 
“We need to get better at finding ways to disagree on matters of policy, while agreeing on questions of decency.” #AlSmithDinner
It's going to be close, and we need you on this team. Confirm where to vote today: 
Nobody here was “having fun” except for Trump. 
On this Transgender Day of Remembrance, we remember the names and the lives of those we’ve lost to violence this year:
No one I would rather share initials with than @HRC. 
First, it’s been nearly five weeks since the deadline for the administration to reunite families they separated at the border, but 528 children are still waiting to see their parents again.
Want to hear the real story of the @ClintonFdn? Read this: 
We are forever grateful to have known him and will always be proud members of #GayleNation.
Keep calling your Republican senators: (202) 224-3121 #WeWantWitnesses 
But my emails. 
When people feel they can't run for office because of the intimidation and hatred they'll face as candidates, democracy is in danger. 
This is not in line with American values, and it’s a dangerous path. It's a fundamental building block of democracy that elected representatives respect the outcome of elections. To ignore those outcomes is to silence voters and endanger the health of our democracy itself.
The Collective Education Fund has teamed up with Humanity Forward to raise money for working families affected by the COVID-19 crisis. 
Thank you so much! I miss her every day, and especially today. 
"On every issue, Hillary Clinton is the superior candidate. Hands down." —@BernieSanders:  
Everybody, from the president on down, needs to be focused on two things:1. How to prevent the spread of this virus as much as possible.2. How to support state &amp; local officials, hospitals, doctors, &amp; nurses so they can take care of the seriously ill.
"She gets the job done, and she never, ever, ever quits. And that's why I know she can be a great president.” —@POTUS on Hillary
1973:Hillary takes on discrimination against kids with disabilities.Trump gets sued for housing discrimination.  
A full 10 weeks since the administration's deadline to reunite families they separated at the border, over 100 families are still waiting. #FamiliesBelongTogether
Janet Mills will be the first woman governor of Maine. Cindy Axne and Abby Finkenauer will be the first women to represent Iowa in the House. Finkenauer and Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez are the youngest women to be elected to Congress ever.
Found in the archives... 
Anyone who sees and treats women this way is unfit to be president. 
In 2005, Hillary co-sponsored a bill to raise the minimum wage. Trump...did this.  #DebateNight 
Nothing is more important than saving the Affordable Care Act from another cruel effort to take health care away from millions of people.
We are not going to build a wall and deport 16 million people. That's not happening. #DebateNight
When at the @Cher Show... Thanks for the company, Bonnie and Mark (winners of our @Omaze contest)!Photo: @jennyanina 
Did you know Hillary's college plan makes it easier for student-parents to afford school? Get the details: 
If the government shutdown lasts beyond tomorrow, domestic violence shelters that rely on federal funding will be forced to begin shutting their doors and closing down hotlines. In so many ways, lives are on the line. 
Newspapers and magazines across the country are breaking with tradition to endorse Hillary. 
Donald Trump is on tape bragging about barging in on undressed women backstage at beauty pageants to "inspect" them.
Only about 1% of abortions happen later in pregnancy—almost always because a woman’s health or life is at risk, or the pregnancy is no longer viable. Lying about this is dangerous, and a slap in the face to families who face heartbreaking situations. 
There are so many stories of young people whose lives have been transformed by CHIP. Sara's is one:  3/7
Throw your hat in the ring—and support @OnwardTogether—for a chance to join me in New York for a Broadway play.  
What was true in 1995 remains true today: women’s rights are human rights. The United States ought to preserve America's role as a leader in the fight for gender equality—not reverse it. We must reaffirm the historic Beijing Platform for Action. 
@OfficialJLD Julia, you're in our thoughts and our hearts. Inspired but not surprised to see you using your platform for good in this difficult moment.
There are no words to capture the horror of a seven-year-old girl dying of dehydration in U.S. custody. What’s happening at our borders is a humanitarian crisis. 
Rolling back no-copay birth control shows a blatant disregard for medicine, science, &amp; every woman's right to make her own health decisions. 
Make sure @realDonaldTrump's bullying never reaches the White House. Chip in now:  
I say this as a former Secretary of State and as an American: the Russians are still coming. Our intelligence professionals are imploring Trump to act. Will he continue to ignore &amp; surrender, or protect our country?
We’ve learned in this campaign that Donald Trump is the poster boy for what’s wrong with our economy. 
99% more Florida Latinos have already voted early than at this point in 2012. Join them:  
If you're heartsick over the images and videos of children in Mississippi whose parents were taken away by ICE, pitch in or spread the word to fund organizations that are providing legal aid and support services to impacted families: 
You can tell a lot about a society by how we treat the most vulnerable. What does it say when kids' health takes a backseat to tax reform? 
“Seriously, is there anyone more inspiring than Michelle Obama?” —Hillary
Recording the @SimonAudio audiobook with @ChelseaClinton for The Book of Gutsy Women was such a joy. Here's Chelsea reading part of her chapter about Mary McLeod Bethune, a woman who wanted to give black children a chance to get the education she believed all children deserve: 
Kavanaugh didn't use that term because he misunderstands the basic  science of birth control—the fact that birth control prevents fertilization of eggs in the first place. He used that term because it's a dog whistle to the extreme right.
“The joys and anguish of being Hillary Rodham Clinton” sums it up well, via a review by @hankstuever in the @WashingtonPost. 
.@IndivisibleTeam @swingleft @ColorOfChange .@EmergeAmerica is training diverse Democratic women candidates, and thousands of young people have signed up to @runforsomething.
Occasionally. 
We’ve got to make sure all our kids know that America has a place for you.
Many people are saying Donald Trump doesn't have the discipline, temperament, or vision to be president. #debate
Meet Hillary's lifelong friend, Betsy. 
@Astrid_NV @IAmMarleyDias is the brains behind #1000BlackGirlBooks, an effort to ensure black girls like her can see themselves in books. 
As secretary of state, Hillary restored our reputation around the world and made us safer. 
Denis Mukwege and Nadia Murad’s work to end the use of sexual violence as a weapon of war has brought awareness to a horrific practice and helped survivors get the care they need. My heartfelt congratulations to both for their well-deserved Nobel Peace Prize.
A trial that doesn't allow testimony from material witnesses isn't a trial at all. It's a cover-up.Your Republican senators need to hear from you today. (202) 224-
I couldn't think of a better Person of the Year than @GretaThunberg. I am grateful for all she's done to raise awareness of the climate crisis and her willingness to tell hard, motivating truths. As she said today: "Change is coming, whether you like it or not." #gutsywomen 
Alicia deserves praise for courageously standing up to Trump's attacks. And he has the gall to blame her—and say he "helped"?
I'm delighted to be talking foreign policy shortly with Dean @michael_s_barr of the @fordschool at @umich. You can tune in here at 3pm ET to watch our conversation live:  #fordschoolHRC
.@ArenaSummit supported 54 candidates in the 2018 election cycle, and 27 of their candidates on the ballot won their elections. Their 2018 New York candidates went 7 for 9—ensuring Democrats defeated the IDC, took back the N.Y. State Senate, and won a majority in the U.S. House.
There is a tendency, when talking about these things, to wring our hands about "both sides." But the truth is that this is not a symmetrical problem.
@AOC Tell me about it.
Young people around the world achieved something extraordinary on Friday: A strike to demand climate action that touched all corners of the globe. Countries around the world should listen and act. "There is no Planet B.”  
Barack&amp;Michelle&amp;Joe&amp;Bernie&amp;Elizabeth&amp;You? 
These historic firsts are important not just because representation matters (and it does), but because these extraordinary women will bring perspectives that have been absent from our policy debates for far too long.
.@VotoLatino just set out an ambitious goal for 2018: register over 200,000 Latinx voters in Arizona, Florida, Nevada, North Carolina, Texas, and other key states. Know someone who may not have registered? Pass on this link:  #SomosMas 
@GabbyGiffords What a terrific day, thank you for letting me be a part of it. Congratulations Gabby! #USSGG 
We're only 10 weeks out from the midterm elections. Have you answered Michelle's call to help get out the vote?
.@ArenaSummit's campaign toolbox has trainings on organizing, storytelling, and GOTV—including how to have effective GOTV conversations: 
Thankful for @TammyforIL's—and her family's—service to this country. It's really not that hard to grasp, @MarkKirk. 
Raise your hand if you like infrastructure conferences! (🤚). I’ll be speaking at the @RegionalPlan Assembly about the future of American infrastructure. Tune in at 1:25! 
Georgia, it's Election Day. Bring a friend with you to vote for Democrat John Barrow in the secretary of state run-off: 
Heading into NYC for @OnwardTogether’s first annual Partners Collaborative to discuss how we can work together to defend our progressive values.
More than 10,000,000 Americans have already voted in this election.You can make it 10,000,001: 
What can we do to protect our right to vote? First, know that it's still likely that you'll be able to vote quickly and easily. Problems in some areas doesn't mean there are problems everywhere.
Wishing @JuliaGillard, Former Aussie PM, the best for today’s launch of her new Global Institute for Women’s Leadership, based at King’s College London. @GIWLkings will help create a world in which being a woman is not a barrier to becoming a leader. #womensleadership
None of these victories would have been possible if people had simply given up after the heartbreak of 2016. They belong to all the volunteers and candidates who worked impossible hours, logged hundreds of miles, and knocked on countless doors.
State legislatures with Democratic majorities can help preserve access to the ballot for people of color, reproductive freedoms for women, the rights of LGBTQ people, protections for immigrants, Medicaid expansions, and more.
@mintimm @kenscudder Congratulations x2, Mini! Such wonderful news.
"It will send a strong and powerful message...that we truly believe in equality." —@RepJohnLewisRegister to vote:  
In other words: Women's rights are human rights and human rights are women's rights. Period. Call your members of Congress today and ask them to support the Reproductive Rights Are Human Rights Act: (202) 224-3121 #ReproRightsAreHumanRights
“A dangerous con artist who has spent a career sticking it to working people.” —@POTUS quoting Marco Rubio on Trump
Watch Hillary speak live at the #AlSmithDinner in New York City: 
.@ArenaSummit has made it easy to support candidates who are on the ballot in this fall's midterm elections. Download their new app, specify how you can help, and it'll build a custom plan for you:  
And being out on the book tour it has been wonderful to hear from so many people about their activism, their courage, &amp; their resilience.
Ximena Murillo opened community centers to help women in her native Bolivia develop their reading and writing skills and prepare for careers. 
.@fams2gether, @ACLU and others are in Mexicali today working to reunify families the administration has separated. Help by calling @CBP now at 1-855-681-1349 and demand that CBP allow parents to apply for asylum—their legal right—so they can be reunited with their children.
#ivotedforHillaryClinton 
Witness intimidation is a crime, no matter who does it. Full stop.
"Who gets up at 3 o'clock in the morning to engage in a Twitter attack against a former Miss Universe?” —Hillary
I met with @aijenpoo and @aliciagarza to talk about ways we could continue working together, and a partnership was born.
Women can stop Trump.Here's how:  
The story of this campaign. 
What democracy and peaceful protest look like: 1.7 million people marching yesterday in Hong Kong's Victoria Park. 
Saw the wonderful folks from @republicrestore yesterday &amp; came home w/this. Thanks to Pia &amp; Rachel for all your different forms of activism! 
2. Send $8.6 billion to the president's border wall project to address a nonexistent national emergency, on top of $7 billion the administration has already allocated.
Judge Kavanaugh dissented when the D.C. appeals court ruled in 2011 that the city could ban semiautomatic rifles and require handgun registration. He argued that courts shouldn't consider the public safety benefits of gun laws: "Our task is to apply the Constitution."
"She’s a tested, unshakable leader." —@LasVegasSun endorsing Hillary: 
If Trump's decisiveness in choosing Mike Pence as his running mate is any indication, he'll be great at making hard decisions as president. 
“It doesn’t look like he paid a dime of federal income tax for almost two decades.” —Hillary on Trump
The vast majority of Muslim Americans want to help fight terrorism. We are not at war with Islam.Trump is playing into terrorists' hands.
Meet six-year-old Jaylon and his mom—residents of Flint, Michigan, and friends of Hillary's: 
.@ForeignPolicy has never endorsed a candidate for political office.Until now: 
Better believe it.And @billclinton has been tirelessly working on this issue through the @ClintonFdn: 
"Has the President committed offenses, and planned, and directed, and acquiesced in a course of conduct which the Constitution will not tolerate? That's the question. We know that. We know the question. We should now forthwith proceed to answer the question."—Barbara Jordan, 1974 
The rules Sen. McConnell has proposed for the president's impeachment trial are the equivalent of a head juror colluding with the defendant to cover up a crime.Call your senators and urge them to push for witnesses and evidence, not a cover-up: 
President Trump, Sec. Mattis, and DOD should send the Navy, including the USNS Comfort, to Puerto Rico now. These are American citizens. 
With their votes to make the American president accountable to no one, Republican senators have put the interests of one president over the interests of all Americans.The only remedy now is for us all to vote in overwhelming numbers to replace them—and him—in November.
Advancing the rights of women and girls is the great unfinished business of our time. It's why I support @CherieBlairFndn's #100000Women campaign to release the potential of women entrepreneurs. Join me:  
"That’s what’s on the ballot this year. It’s not just my name and Donald Trump’s name. It’s our future. Our security. Our values." —Hillary
A thrill to join team of Kathryn Bigelow's The Protectors at #Tribeca2017. Let's protect the earth &amp; all its beauty.
Saw Black Panther with Bill this afternoon &amp; loved it. Beautiful film, lots of action, and a great message. Don't miss it!
"America is made stronger by the presence of immigrants, not walls." —@StaceyAbrams
Wonderful to hear Khizr Khan, with @MeghanMcCain on The View yesterday, speak about the ways patriotism can and should transcend partisanship: 
This is a huge victory for democracy. Thank you to all the citizens, advocates, and lawyers who worked hard to make sure everyone in America will be counted and heard. 
A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons.
In other words, the Court has already been widening the disparity in power between corporations and workers. Kavanaugh's record from his time as a judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia shows he'd help further that trend for a generation.
@Astrid_NV @iammarleydias @AiJenPoo organizes @domesticworkers—one of the fastest growing parts of the American workforce—who deserve the same respect and care they show our loved ones. 
"The Book of Gutsy Women" is out today. It's full of the stories of courageous and resilient women who had faith that their actions could make a difference. And they were right.@ChelseaClinton and I are so thrilled to share it with you:  
Someone should inform the president that impeachable offenses committed on national television still count. 
The president is a corrupt human tornado.
Just 17 days left. Join Hillary and @TimKaine on the trail in Philadelphia: 
"Hillary Clinton has the potential to be an excellent president of the United States." —@WashingtonPost 
We counted all the times Donald Trump lied in last night’s debate so you didn’t have to. 
"Hillary Clinton fights for us. It is now time for us to fight for Hillary.” —@ElizabethForMA 
“When the middle class thrives, America thrives.” —Hillary in Cleveland 
Congratulations to all the voters, volunteers, organizers, and candidates who voted last night to put a powerful check on this administration and start building a better future for everyone in our country.
"Donald Trump’s closing argument is, ‘What do you have to lose?’The answer is everything.” —@POTUS 
Until Facebook takes responsibility for damaging democracies by letting propaganda run amok, we need to counter the Trump operation where it lives. Glad to see this effort from @davidplouffe and @pacronym. 
“You represent the best of America, and being your candidate has been one of the greatest honors of my life.” —Hillary to @HFA
An administration's budget says a lot about what—and, more importantly, who—it values. So let's talk about the Trump administration's 2020 budget proposal and why it makes clear that this administration doesn’t value seniors, low-income families, and young people.
I'm with them.
At the #VPDebate, Mike Pence tried really, really hard to deny pretty much everything Donald Trump has said and done. Let's replay the tape: 
Want to fight back against Trump's ridiculous address tonight? Send some support to organizations that help kids at the border. The only border crisis we're facing is the inhumane detention of kids that has already led to the deaths of two children. 
We now know that more than 700 kids were separated from their parents between October 2017 and April 2018. As a mother and a grandmother, it’s devastating to even imagine.
Three candidates that @iVoteFund supported for Secretary of State won—all pick-ups, all young women, all Democrats. And they were able to raise and invest $7 million in Secretary of State races, their most ever.
"It was overwhelming, in every sense of that word." —Betsy, Hillary's oldest friend, on casting the Illinois delegation's votes at the DNC 
"She believes we can summon what’s best in each of us and make this country better for all of us.” —@POTUS on Hillary
"Our constitutional democracy demands our participation, not just every four years, but all the time." —Hillary
No family should have to go through this. Please join me in telling @DHS_Wolf that #FamiliesBelongTogether. 
So many groups own a piece of last night's victory, from @theDemocrats to @EMILYsList to @TheDLCC. It's remarkable to watch our Democratic family—groups with decades of victories and those born in the aftermath of the last election—team up to make nights like last night possible.
A week ago, 200,000 previously uninsured Virginians got access to health care through Medicaid expansion thanks to votes from @KathyKLTran, @PWCDanica, @JCarrollFoy, @DelegateFowler, and other 2017 state leg winners. Elections have consequences, and sometimes they're great ones.
Such a pleasure seeing @BetteMidler back where she belongs! Huge thanks to the cast and crew of @HelloDollyBway for a joyful night (I'll never wash this cheek again)! 
On this holy weekend for many faiths, we must stand united against hatred and violence. I'm praying for everyone affected by today's horrific attacks on Easter worshippers and travelers in Sri Lanka.
A man who can be provoked by a tweet should not be anywhere near the nuclear codes.
Last week, every senator swore to "do impartial justice according to the Constitution and laws" in the president's impeachment trial.Last night, Republican senators cast vote after vote to block evidence and testimony.The American people deserve a real trial, not a cover-up.
My thoughts are with everyone affected by this morning’s horrific shooting at The Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh. We can and must put a stop to this violence and this hate. It should have no home in America.
"Come January 20, America will have a new president. ... The question is, what kind of change are we going to see?" —Hillary
Jasmine Clark is running to represent District 108 in Georgia's House. A microbiologist, she serves as faculty at universities in the Atlanta area and wants to bring both her scientific background and record of community activism to the state legislature. 
@Hickenlooper @GoldfishSmiles @bhtm And they say you’re moderate.
Some of the most painful and rewarding conversations I have had on the campaign trail were with parents who had lost their children to gun violence.
Love a family of #gutsywomen. Thank you so much for joining us, Michelle and Colleen! 
With a mother in the Oval Office, we may finally catch up to the rest of the world on paid leave. 
Democracy means debating and compromising, participating in shared institutions, and honoring the rights and needs of all citizens. I was honored to share this message at Queen's University Belfast today.  
"I want you to remember this: Our campaign was never about one person or even one election. It was about the country we love.” —Hillary
Most of us learned by elementary school that it’s not OK to insult people’s looks.Donald calls women fat, ugly, and disgusting.
"Even if you’re not for me, I promise, I will be for you as your president.” —Hillary in Arizona
Photos that help remind us that this election is about building a country we can all be proud of—together. 
"If there is a book that you want to read but it hasn't been written yet, you must be the one to write it," Toni Morrison said. We are all so lucky to live in a world where she took her own advice and shared it with others.
Join Hillary live in Detroit just 4 days from Election Day: 
Happy #Pride2017 to everyone in NYC &amp; across the globe. Never forget that LGBT rights are human rights &amp; human rights are LGBT rights. 
I’m sending my prayers to the families and the community affected by last night’s horrific attack on a rabbi’s home in Monsey. We must all stand shoulder to shoulder to fight anti-Semitism and demand that our elected leaders do the same.
FACT: The Pentagon has identified climate change as a threat to America’s national security.
It's pretty simple: Men and women in the same job should get the same pay. The House has passed the #PaycheckFairnessAct to help make equal pay a reality. It's 2019! Let's get it done. 
Happy birthday, @BillClinton! You can sign his card here:  
"Make no mistake: Women’s health and rights—our futures, the futures of our daughters and granddaughters—are on the ballot.” —Hillary
May we all open our hearts and reach across tables today. May we all find hopes and values in common. May there be pie. Happy Thanksgiving.
.@timkaine just reminded Mike Pence of the bigoted things Trump has said about millions of Americans—and Pence couldn't defend it. #VPDebate
We'll never forget. 
Ayanna Pressley and Jahana Hayes will be the first black women to represent Massachusetts and Connecticut in Congress, respectively. Tish James will be the first black woman to be New York's attorney general.
Your donations will be split evenly among @AlOtroLado_Org, @ACLU, @asylumadvocacy, @dreambignv, @fams2gether, @florenceproject, @humanrights1st, @supportkind, @LUPE_rgv, @RAICESTEXAS, @TXCivilRights, and @wrcommission.
The honor is ours; it’s not every day you meet a queen. 👑 
Congrats to @IndivisibleTeam volunteers around the country for hosting and running 150+ events this weekend to reach out to voters one conversation at a time. For anyone who's not on the team yet, don't miss out—join here!  
Congratulations to @nellwyn for becoming the new CTO for @TheDemocrats. She's a brilliant technologist and leader, and the first woman ever to hold the position. 
.@IndivisibleTeam @swingleft .@ColorOfChange is organizing for criminal justice reform, voter freedom, fairness and accuracy in media, and other racial justice issues.
For those few people knocking public service, hope you'll reconsider answering the call to help others. Because we're stronger together.
"To Barack and Michelle Obama, our country owes you an enormous debt of gratitude. We thank you for your graceful, determined leadership.”
I’ll be joining @NYGovCuomo as he lays out his plan to codify Roe v. Wade and pass the Reproductive Health Act. There’s no time to wait. #RHAin30Days 
How do you say "gutsy women" in Welsh? Honored to join just a few of them—@Kirsty_Williams, @LauraMcAllister, Dean Elwen Evans, and @AnnaJonesSky—at @SwanseaUni &amp; @Swansea_Law today. You can watch our full conversation here: 
"I want a president who stands up against intolerance."The cast of @EmpireFOX on why they're with Hillary:  
Text JOIN to 47246 and sign up to help us get out the vote. 
Great step forward by the Obama administration. It’s past time for Congress to guarantee paid sick leave for everyone. -H 
May we all stand in solidarity with the people of Hong Kong as they speak out for democracy, freedom from repression, and a world they long to see.
Trump "finds it a lot easier to insult women than to talk to the president of Mexico about building a wall.” —Hillary
The progress we’ve made under @POTUS is on the line. We owe it to our kids to get out and vote:  
Georgians have the power on Dec. 4 to help make elections in their state are free and fair again. Make sure your friends and family know to vote for Democrat John Barrow in the run-off to be secretary of state. Polling place and other information here: 
@cirilliang Thank YOU and your colleagues for all you are doing. I'm just one of millions of people who are enormously grateful. Please stay safe and healthy.
Try our new tool! See how much you'd pay in federal income taxes if you paid the same as "billionaire" Donald Trump: 
For many campaigns, @SwingLeft was the wave. On average, for their top 15 campaigns, Swing Left drove more than 50% of their canvassing shifts. More than 60,000 volunteers knocked an estimated 5 million doors and made 2.5 million phone calls.
Here we go again. The Trump Admin is trying to take away your health care by ending protections for ppl w/ pre-existing conditions. It will hurt millions of Americans. Spread the word. Call your Congress member &amp; tell them to stand up for you: 202-224-
We can't let Donald Trump bully his way to the presidency. 
"To Bill, Chelsea, Marc, Charlotte, Aidan, our brothers, and our entire family—my love for you means more than I can ever express." —Hillary
Another urgent reason to take on climate change: Its impact on human health, especially the health of children. 
The next president should sweat the details on policy—because it's not just a detail when it's your child. 
“We’re going to work our hearts out to make Hillary Clinton the next president of the United States.” —@ElizabethForMA 
An inspiring number of first-time candidates ran and won office in 2018, and organizations like @TrainDems were instrumental to those victories. Over 21,000 candidates and activists have signed up for the NDTC’s trainings, and they’re just getting started. 
This is an awful story: A DACA recipient in good standing was told by her airline she could work on a route to Mexico. Now she's in detention and ICE is threatening to revoke her status. Please sign and get the word out: 
Purging public servants disloyal to a regime is banana-republic stuff. Our federal employees work for the American people, not the president. 
"Hillary Clinton is far better than Trump or anyone else running. She should be president." —@PhillyDotCom 
Donald Trump actually stood on a debate stage and said wages in America are too high.
Here's what I'm listening to today. Hope you'll tune in too: 
A great opportunity for young people in Arizona, Florida, Georgia, Michigan, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin: Gain in-the-field organizing experience this summer for 2020 and beyond with Organizing Corps. 
U.S. intelligence has confirmed the Russian government is directing cyberattacks against the U.S. to influence the outcome of our election.
Can we just stop and reflect on the absurdity of Donald Trump finding fault with Miss Universe? Who would act like this? A bully.
More than 200 major corporations, 500 statewide and local organizations, a bipartisan consensus in Congress, and 70% of Americans support legislation protecting LGBTQ people from discrimination. I am proud to stand with them and the other @HRC to support the #EqualityAct.
This heartbreaking video from the ACLU shows the consequences of separation: 
"We’re going to make public colleges and universities tuition-free for families making less than $125,000 a year.” 
The government shutdown is by far the longest in U.S. history. It's put hundreds of thousands of people under financial stress and endangered our security. Join a National Call In Day to end it. @IndivisibleTeam has scripts and numbers for senators here: 
Alex Brown is running for a seat on Chico, California's city council. She has worked in social services for most of her career and is particularly passionate about mental health, LGBTQ+ advocacy, and violence prevention. 
You don't want to miss this. Join Hillary and @FLOTUS on the trail together for the first time in NC → 
At the debate, the impeccably dressed Ken Bone asked a great question about meeting our energy needs. Hillary’s response: 
If you already have student debt, we’ll help you refinance and pay it back as a percentage of your income. 
One day left to apply to #ArenaAcademy with @OnwardTogether partner @arenasummit. They’ll train you to staff a North Carolina state legislative race and hit the ground running to win this fall. All experience levels welcome. 
It takes courage to exercise your right to protest injustice, especially when you’re 11!  Keep up the good work Mariana. 
Give them all a follow, a RT, or an email sign-up—you won't regret it. You can also sign up for updates from Onward Together here: 
Delighted that @NYGovCuomo proposed free college for ppl making &lt;125K in NY. A plan @SenSanders &amp; I worked hard on. 
"If she gets to be president, she won’t waste a day." —@BillClinton, now playing on With Her at  
Lucy, you took your unspeakable tragedy and helped propel an inspiring movement for gun safety in America. Thank you for your leadership on this and so much more. 
"More than 10 million people have already voted in this election—and two million of them are right here in Florida.” 
Parkland students, you have shown so much courage in standing up for truth, for your right to attend school safely, &amp; now against these disgusting smears. The good news is, it will only make you louder &amp; stronger. 
“Donald Trump is going to be our president. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead.” —Hillary
"The policies of this administration have driven this economy into a ditch.” —PenceNope. #VPDebate 
Mocking a disabled reporter. Attacking a Gold Star family. Insulting a judge. Trump has never apologized—because that's just who Trump is.
Scripture tells us: Let us not grow weary in doing good, for in due season, we shall reap, if we do not lose heart. 
Forever proud of @chefjoseandres and the way he models service and community in times of crisis. 
Check out our new tool: Every time @realDonaldTrump tweets something offensive, automatically donate. 
A terrible truth: Not everyone who is eligible to vote in America has free and fair access to the ballot box. Hear @EricHolder, @AriBerman, @AndrewGillum, &amp; @MariaTeresa1 lay out how we can defend voting rights:  #DefenseOfDemocracy
Now that's pretty rich coming from a guy who paid $0 in taxes for 18 years:  
"My view is we are already great, and if we work together, we will become even greater in the years ahead.” —Hillary in Florida
We can’t do any of these things without your help.Our future is on the ballot.Let's prove that #LoveTrumpsHate: 
In light of clear evidence that Russia has interfered with our elections in the past and seeks to do so again, it's inexcusable that the administration is downsizing DHS task forces charged with protecting our elections from foreign influence. 
"It’s amazing that I’m up here after Donald. I didn’t think he’d be OK with a peaceful transition of power." —Hillary at the #AlSmithDinner
You can go to  right now to make sure you’re registered to vote.
RT this if you think kids and families deserve a champion in the White House.  
There's something all of us can do to be braver, more resilient, kinder, and more grateful. This holiday season, that’s my wish for all of us. Happy New Year!
The theme of the night: "I can't imagine how Governor Pence can defend...Donald Trump." —@timkaine #VPDebate 
The president believes he is above the law. The president is wrong. 
There was a 10-point increase in youth turnout from 2014 to 2018, due in part to the hard work done by @Alliance4Youth. More than 30% of young people voted in 2018! In Chicago, young people outperformed all other generations on Election Day for the first time ever.
Show Trump his tweets come at a cost—because Hillary supporters are pledging to donate every time he tweets:  
Computer scientists have apparently uncovered a covert server linking the Trump Organization to a Russian-based bank. 
The astronomical cost of insulin is a public health crisis. 
No time to waste - we've got to fight with everything we've got to #DefendDACA. Thanks, @jorgeramosnews, for sharing these powerful stories. 
If you believe that America thrives when the middle class thrives, then you have to vote.  
A reminder of why the 2018 midterms were so important: Tens of thousands of people now have health care in Maine because Gov. Mills fulfilled the will of voters and expanded Medicaid. 
"With Donald, it’s always Donald Trump first and everyone else last.” —Hillary
Tonight, @cvivianstringer won her 1,000th career victory as a basketball coach. She's just the ninth coach in the history of the sport to reach this milestone, the fifth NCAA Division 1 women's coach and the first African American. Congrats, Coach Stringer, and here’s to 1,001. 
This thread has important information for Texans about using the state's electronic voting machines. Casting your ballot should be easy. If it isn't, call the 866-OUR-VOTE Election Protection hotline. 
Pantsuit up.  
If you believe all our kids should have good schools and good teachers, no matter what ZIP code they live in, then you have to vote. 
.@LeahGreenB and @EzraLevin are former congressional staffers who started a Google Doc for citizens who wanted to have more of a voice in their government. It became @IndivisibleTeam—a grassroots network of advocates around the country. 
I don't know who needs to hear this, but the president is not above the law.
“Let’s make history!” —Hillary 
A reported 211 families are still waiting to be reunited since the administration separated them at the border. It's been a full eight weeks since the deadline to reunite them, and we all need to continue speaking out about this inexcusable delay. #FamiliesBelongTogether
Join us at 7:30 ET tonight! 
A second call you can make right now to help families who want to reunite with their kids: Call your member of Congress and ask them to put pressure on CBP to grant asylum to parents applying in Mexicali today. The Capitol switchboard number is 202-224-3121.
RT if you’re proud of Hillary tonight. #DebateNight #SheWon 
We couldn't be more lucky to have someone with Anne's talent and experience out on the campaign trail. 
Share this if you're voting today for National Early Vote Day!  
This week's congressional recess is a great opportunity to talk to your representatives face to face about why they should support automatic voter registration, nationwide early voting, and other fixes to our democracy. Find a town hall near you: 
I happened to be booked on @TheEllenShow the day of Trump's impeachment vote. Here were my thoughts. 
Yesterday, Khizr Khan told the story of a 10-year-old boy who was bullied at school—until his class watched Mr. Khan's speech. 
"In the quiet moments backstage or at the end of a long day, I find myself thinking about my mother."  
I also want to shout out @Hashmi4Va, the first Muslim woman elected to the VA State Senate. As she said yesterday, her victory "belongs to all of you who believed that we needed to make progressive change here in Virginia, for all of you who felt that you haven’t had a voice."
During his testimony about Trump’s crimes, Lt. Col. Vindman had a message for his father: "You made the right decision 40 years ago to leave the Soviet Union. Do not worry, I will be fine for telling the truth." It’s appalling that this administration may prove him wrong. 
Grateful to you and your determined husband. Like I say in my book, I would have worked so hard to help, &amp; had specific ideas to do just that. 
"Latinas still make 55 cents for every dollar a white man makes. That’s just totally unacceptable." —Hillary 
Love to see gutsy women flocking together. @GretaThunberg @Malala 
A seven-hour wait to vote is a poll tax. We need to restore the Voting Rights Act and stop Republican elected officials from shutting down polling sites. 
Election Day is almost over. Don’t wait—go vote now! Confirm where you vote at  
RT this if you're proud to have Hillary's back tonight.  
“There’s something really exciting happening right now—people are coming together…to reject hate and division.” —Hillary
They're voting. Are you? Make sure you're registered:  
I'm in but only if I can be power forward. 
Implicit bias is real. It hurts Americans. Anyone who'd outright deny its existence is unfit for the White House. #VPDebate
"Don’t fall for the easy cynicism that your vote doesn’t matter…that’s what Hillary's opponent wants you to think.” —@POTUS
"We have got to be as clear as possible: You are more than the way you look.” —Hillary to young girls 
As we hold Paris in our thoughts today, let’s also send some love to our neighbors in Louisiana. Three historically black churches have burned in recent weeks, charring buildings and scattering communities. If you can, contribute to rebuilding funds here: 
We should all bear witness to the humanitarian crisis at our border and continue to work to stop it. "Thousands of children are living in a tent prison. In the desert. For months on end." 
How many ways can this administration show us they don’t care about kids? Another example of rejecting science &amp; putting corporate interests before babies. These are the stories that will get lost in the shuffle &amp; do lasting damage to people everywhere.
Only one candidate in this election has actual plans to help middle-class families:  
It should concern every American that Russia is willing to engage in such hostile acts in order to help Donald Trump become president. 
With just 10 days until Election Day, Hillary’s on the trail in Florida.Watch live: 
The administration is deporting people back to slavery:
"We urge voters to dump Trump and choose the clearly qualified candidate in this race: Hillary Clinton” —@DenverPost 
Every single Senate Democrat has signed on as a co-sponsor of the #ForThePeople Act to fix our broken democracy. Have Republican senators? Give them a call today and tell them you want automatic voter registration, early voting, and less money in politics: (202) 224-3121
Our vision for America is a country where everyone has a place, including, of course, Muslim Americans. #Debate 
Don't let this man become your next president:  
A new book is out today that picks up where I left off in What Happened in explaining “Those Damn Emails.” Terrific, fact-filled read.
Congratulations to all the organizers and volunteers who have worked so hard to get out the vote in Iowa. Today is the day! Fighting for what you believe in is always, always worth it.
Looking forward to honoring some brave young people tonight at @ChildDefender where I started my career. Tune in:  -H
Today is the last day for Virginia voters to register. Help get the word out to friends and family in the state— has all the information they need.
.@Safiya_S_Khalid arrived in Lewiston, Maine as a refugee 10 years ago.This week, she became the first Somali-American to be elected to Lewiston’s city council.Hers is just one of @OnwardTogether partner @RunforSomething's 72 election night wins:  
Two maps that show why no one can afford to stay home on Election Day. 
@emilyslist Today, @emilyslist announced that 15,000+ women have reached out since Election Day about running for office! 7,000+ want to help them run.
@realDonaldTrump If you didn't like that book, try this one — some good lessons in here about working together to solve problems. Happy to send a copy. 
No family should spend more than 10% of its income on child care.Here's how we can achieve that goal: 
After acts of unspeakable cruelty &amp; cowardice, the people of London &amp; the UK choose resolve over fear. Your friends in the US stand w/ you. 
"To all the little girls watching...never doubt that you are valuable and powerful &amp; deserving of every chance &amp; opportunity in the world."
You certainly are one of them. It was our honor to include you, Julia. 
.@TrainDems provides free trainings to Democrats, staffers, and volunteers working on campaigns at every level around the country. Join over 21,000 people who have taken advantage: 
Tonight, Trump dismissed his comments about groping women as "locker room talk."But words matter. 
"You want to give me a good send-off? Go vote!" —@POTUS:  
We shouldn't have had to wait until 2019 for this first, but I'm glad we're here. Go, @AudreyGelman, go! 
“He and his family exemplify the values that make America great.” —Hillary on Khizr Khan 
Just 17 days left in this campaign. If you're proud to stand with Hillary, chip in now and get your free sticker: 
A wonderful development of this election: Americans elected more than 600 LGBTQ candidates across the country. @victoryinst trained 60 of them. With just 0.1% of elected positions held by LGBTQ people, it has ambitions to build an even bigger #RainbowWave: 
My friend Amo Houghton, who passed away last week, would not want much fuss to be made about him. He would want all of us to take care of our communities, stand our ground, and find common ground. 
If you’re like me, there’s nothing worse than feeling helpless. So on this National Day of Action for Children (supported by groups from @ACLU to @WomenBelong to @UnitedWeDream to @MomsRising, @DomesticWorkers), visit  to see what you can do to help.
It's wonderful to see @LeahGreenB and @EzraLevin recognized for their contributions through @IndivisibleTeam, one of our @OnwardTogether partners. As @AyannaPressley says, they are "a constant source for good." #TIME100  
Three amazing young women—Isra Hirsi, age 16; Haven Coleman, age 12; and Alexandria Villaseño, age 13—have organized youth climate strikes around the country tomorrow. Their demand: a livable future for their generation.Find a strike and spread the word:  
"Even in the middle of crisis, she is calm and cool and collected.” —@POTUS on Hillary
This sickening horror is one man’s fault. 
His last campaign manager, Anne Kronenberg, said of Harvey Milk: "He imagined a righteous world inside his head and then he set about to create it for real, for all of us." No better legacy. #HarveyMilkDay
Tyrone Gayle, a beloved member of the HFA team, was known to stay at the office until midnight and run six miles the next morning. Now, his friend (and fellow HFA alum) Jesse is running to raise funds for Tyrone as he fights cancer. Pitch in if you can: 
Want to be inspired? Watch this remarkable ad before you go out and vote. 
There is a federal law banning FGM. It is the Department of Justice’s responsibility to defend it. They’re choosing instead to abandon the fight for the health and human rights of women and girls around the world. If you agree that’s outrageous, let them know: 202-353-1555 
We face a serious choice on Tuesday: Will we act to protect the planet for our kids and grandkids, or do nothing?  
Our democracy is broken. House Democrats' first bill, #HR1, would help fix it. Call your representative now and ask them to support automatic voter registration, restoring the Voting Rights Act, and lessening the influence of big money in politics: 
Thirty-five days until the election. Have your friends and family checked their voter registration yet? Give them a nudge to do it today. Deadlines are approaching quickly. 
On this #TransDayOfVisibility, let's affirm that we see, stand by, and celebrate our transgender friends, family, and neighbors. 
We've raised over $100k and counting for organizations that help families and kids at the border since the beginning of the president's TV stunt last night. Let's keep counteracting his lies about migrants and refugees with positive action:  
Let’s not be distracted. Let’s continue to stand up, organize, resist, put forth good ideas to improve the existing system &amp; peoples' lives.
America is better than Donald Trump.  
"We support Roe v. Wade. We support the constitutional right of American women to...make their own decision about pregnancy." —@timkaine
New York State expanded #TakeOurChildrenToWorkDay today with a great initiative for foster kids. It’s a chance to let their imaginations run wild w/ possibilities &amp; see some of New York State’s great companies. I hope we'll see this elsewhere in NY &amp; across the US. #seeitbeit 
"Regional economies and industries that depend on natural resources and favorable climate conditions, such as agriculture, tourism, and fisheries, are vulnerable to the growing impacts of climate change."
Today, commit to #VoteforJaimeGuttenberg and an end to gun violence in America. Register today: 
Hillary teamed up with @BernieSanders on a plan to make college debt-free for all Americans. 
We make our country greater when we widen the circle of opportunity and invite more people in:  
Human rights advocates, lawmakers, academics, businesses, NGOs, and other institutions all over the world use the reports to inform their work as well.
Bill, Chelsea, and the @ClintonFdn are launching a new podcast, and I am terribly biased but I can't wait to listen. Subscribe and hear a preview here: 
Fired up. Ready to go. Join @POTUS live in Florida with just 11 days left: 
Watch live: @POTUS hits the campaign trail for Hillary in Miami. 
As we get ready to cheer on the #USWNT in Sunday’s final, let's note that they’re fighting for equal pay—and their advocacy could help all female athletes. I’m proud to stand with @mpinoe and this team for fighting to win, on and off the field.  
On November 9, if you want to say you voted for a better future, make a plan to vote now: 
You did, in fact, say this. #debate 
"I don't want bullies in my life, and I especially don't want one in the White House." —Bryce, a student living with muscular dystrophy 
.@IndivisibleTeam is rallying support this week for the #PaycheckFairnessAct. Call your member of Congress and tell them you want this chart to change.  
Those who selectively use the Bible to justify this cruelty are ignoring a central tenet of Christianity. Jesus said "Suffer the little children unto me." He did not say “let the children suffer.”
“Clinton has the temperament, knowledge and experience to be president.” —@PhillyTrib 
I'll be at Georgetown University's School of Foreign Service today for a symposium on the future of diplomacy—and to wish @georgetownsfs a happy 100 year anniversary! My conversation with Ambassador Bill Burns will be livestreamed here at 4:30pm ET: 
6 years ago nearly 700,000 young people got relief fromdeportation under the DACA program. Organizations like @votolatino and @kslaw are keeping the flame alive by helping #DACA recipients pay their application fees. Chip in here:
Tonight is the final presidential debate. RT this if you're with Hillary. #Debate 
.@LatinoVictoryUS is providing daily updates on what current and former Latino Victory candidates and allies are doing to respond to COVID-19. 
We have an important job for lawyers and law students—but not actors. Sorry, @MrJoshCharles. Text LAWYERS to 47246 to get started. 
Most doctors don't go to medical school with the expectation that treating patients will mean putting their own lives on the line. But over the last few weeks, that's what they’ve been doing.On #NationalDoctorsDay, thank you from the bottom of our hearts for all you do.
It's pretty clear that Vladimir Putin would rather have a puppet in the White House than a president. #DebateNight
Merry Christmas to everyone celebrating today! 
Trump’s campaign is bragging that not paying taxes makes him a “genius.” 
Two years ago in Charlottesville, a neo-Nazi drove a car into a crowd of people protesting white supremacy and killed Heather Heyer. May we honor her memory by speaking out against hatred, as she did, and working together to defeat it.
On this International Day of the Girl, I’m thinking about all the gutsy girls who are changing the world—@GretaThunberg, @Emma4Change, @NaomiWadler, and @Malala, just to name a few—and all those who will. #DayOfTheGirl #GutsyWomen
On the same day:- Two prosecutors have resigned from the DOJ to protest the administration’s intervention to lighten the sentence of one of Trump’s accomplices- The Senate GOP blocked votes on three bills to secure our electionsThe rule of law &amp; our democracy are in crisis.
“Elections have consequences. Your vote counts. Your vote has consequences.” —@AlGore 
Bill and I are about to go on stage in Michigan with @RedHourBen—I’m not sure what we’ll talk about, I just know I'm looking forward to it. See you soon, Detroit.
“I am grateful to our country for all it has given me. I count my blessings every day that I am an American.” —Hillary
8 things you should know about @TimKaine before tonight's debate.  #VPDebate
Trump "can run his campaign however he chooses...I’m going to keep talking about the stakes in this election.” 
I'm thrilled today to endorse 19 @runforsomething candidates. These thoughtful young people are committed to serving their communities and they'll bring fresh perspectives and new solutions to public office. I can't wait to see what they accomplish. 
Here in America, we are taught to and we should respect each other, lift each other up, and celebrate our diversity.
.@VotoLatino registered thousands of voters through online digital ads and targeting, peer-to-peer outreach through their local chapters, and national partner engagement. In Texas, where Voto Latino has had a program since 2010, early votes surpassed 2014 totals by 149%.
Kavanaugh has consistently argued that the Environmental Protection Agency has limited authority under the Clean Air Act to regulate the carbon and other pollutants that are causing the planet to heat up.
When you're 27 million strong, no one can tell you that you don't belong.  
Chip in to help make sure Donald Trump never becomes president:  
Today we remember Hadiya, &amp; all victims of gun violence. Proud of these young dynamos &amp; all those committed to the cause. #WearOrangeDay 
"Let’s work our hearts out so we can finally say 'Madam President.’” —@MachadoOficial  
World Series champs should get statehood. #FinishTheFight
"Hillary is running on the message of hope and unity that we need." —@KingJames 
When Hillary learned that the families of the fallen were only promised $12,000 in benefits, she took action. 
There are a lot of reasons to vote against Donald Trump. Maybe, for you, it’s his dangerous statements about using nuclear weapons. 
When Trump and Pence attack Planned Parenthood, they're attacking millions of Americans. 
This is an incredibly useful new tool from @OnwardTogether partner @SwingLeft: Enter your zip code to find what you can do to help Democrats win the most important elections, no matter where you live. 
Hillary’s speaking in Florida on her plan to expand opportunities for national service. Watch here: 
"Hillary and I have lost a true and treasured friend." —@BillClinton and Hillary on the passing of Shimon Peres 
Trump "doesn't have the temperament or the judgment...or the basic honesty that a president needs to have" —@POTUS: 
"Take it from me, your vote can make all the difference in this election.” —@AlGoreText CLIMATE to 47246 to make sure you're registered.
While Donald Trump is assaulting our democracy, millions of people are standing up for it—registering, voting early, and volunteering.
3-0
"With the election just 8 days away...Trump should immediately disclose all of his ties and connections to the Kremlin and its associates."
A Mother of the Movement to prevent gun violence, @SybrinaFulton has already helped turn tragedy into action. Now she’s running for office as a Miami-Dade County Commissioner, District 1. If you can, contribute to help her win and make the change we need: 
Couldn't be prouder of @TimKaine. Pitch in $5 now to make sure he becomes our next vice president:  #VPDebate
"Tomorrow, with your vote, you can say that this country has always been great, that it is the greatest nation on earth.” —@FLOTUS
"If we keep at it the way Hillary has kept at it decade after decade, progress happens." —@POTUS 
As we finalize our plans for 2019 and beyond, I'm feeling grateful and proud to work alongside these smart, passionate partners. As ever, you can learn more about our work and help support it at  Onward to 2019.
"I truly believe that you deserve a candidate you can vote for, not just someone to vote against.” —Hillary 
A piece of good news for reproductive rights: A judge has blocked the administration’s Title X gag rule. “At the heart of these rules is an arrogant assumption that the government is better suited to direct women’s healthcare than their providers.” Indeed. 
Now is the time for leaders to be strong in their words &amp; deliberate in their actions.
Everything we’ve worked toward comes down to today. RT this if you're voting for Hillary:  
"Hillary has comprehensive policies to help people. Her opponent has tweets.You decide.” —@FLOTUS
“In these final weeks of the election season, find someone to tell about Clinton’s lifetime of service.”—@wigazette 
When a gun is present in a domestic violence situation, the risk of the woman getting murdered rises by 500 percent. Tell your senators to stand up to the NRA, close the "boyfriend loophole," and reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act. 
Nevada just became the first state in the country to have a legislature that's majority women. Let's make it the first of many. 
They told me about their grief, and also about their anger and frustration toward a political system that couldn’t seem to take action to prevent other kids from dying from unnecessary gun violence.
If you're on @TimKaine's team tonight, chip in before the #VPDebate to let him know:  
We're utterly failing kids as a society when we build schools to accommodate shooters rather than students. 
Proud of you, Becca!  
A great use of your next hour: Double-check your voter registration and ask two friends to do the same.
Voting should be easy. If it isn't, call the Election Protection hotline at 866-OUR-VOTE with any questions. 
With just 9 days until Election Day, Hillary is campaigning in Florida. Tune in to watch her live: 
Winning back the House was a pipe dream a year ago. @IndivisibleTeam, an @OnwardTogether partner, helped win 40 seats. Now they're going on offense in the House and building power in the states. Read their roadmap for the next two years: 
"Let’s break every record that we’ve ever had for voting. Let’s make that the story of this election.” —Hillary 
An American mother today is 50% more likely to die during childbirth than her own mother. It’s time to tackle the crisis of maternal mortality. #WithoutMom 
Does Trump have the discipline to be a good leader? You decide. 
There are amazing groups at the border and beyond doing critical work to defend the rights of immigrant and refugee children. If you can, please chip in to support a few of them today. 
I was so honored to present #HRCAwards to @mbachelet, @RosacrsJc, and Marta Velásquez at @GIWPS yesterday. They are standing up to human rights abuses, shining a bright light on corruption, and taking on urgent challenges. In times of tumult, they are a beacon of hope. 
By withdrawing from the deal, the administration has effectively broken up the international coalition that was unified in constraining Iran, and now Iran is once again increasing its nuclear capability.
So proud of my friend @Ann_OLeary, who was just announced as Governor @GavinNewsom’s chief of staff. Ann is brilliant, hard-working, and kind. I know her team will do great things for California.
"If you work hard, and you work full-time, you shouldn’t still be in poverty at the end of the year.” —Hillary
Join me, @ChrisMurphyCT, @TimKaine, and a host of Democratic senators and gun violence prevention organizations to help these folks get elected. Chip in today to their campaigns, and your support will be split equally among them. Let’s beat the NR8. 
Women aren't "bossy." We're the boss. Words matter, and being aware of gender bias in the way we relate to each other can make workplaces—and the world—better for everyone. Visit  for tools to #BiasCorrect. #IWD19 
Fourth, vote for state legislature candidates and governors who will support laws that make voting registration automatic, make vote by mail possible, and extend early voting periods. @Sister_District, @flippable_org, and @TheDLCC are excellent organizations to plug into.
A little girl power in Pasadena... 
Today is the final deadline to register to vote in Nevada. Help get the word out: 
“We are stronger together and will go forward together. And you should never, ever regret fighting for that.” —Hillary
I'm excited to join my old friends and colleagues Jake Sullivan and @Benjamin05055 at Dartmouth's Dickey Center for International Understanding this afternoon. You can watch our conversation live here: 
Hillary and @JamesTaylor_com are live in New Hampshire with two days to go. Watch here: 
It's heartbreaking that a sixth child has died in detention. It's outrageous that we're only learning about it eight months after the fact. 
Every American should watch this.#RightMattersTruthMatters 
We should be heartbroken to see families torn apart, but we should not be hopeless. There’s something you can do right now to help. Make a donation that will be split across eight organizations working to protect kids separated from their families: 
"The president commands our nuclear arsenal. Trump can’t command his own rhetoric." —@azcentral 
Let's not forget why Trump is attacking Democratic women of color in the first place:They brought attention to the inhumane conditions they saw at this administration's detention camps."What will we say to those we imprisoned for seeking safety?" 
Trump admits he "can't say" he treats women with respect. 
The final margin in the race for Senate in Florida is too close to call, and the Secretary of State has just ordered a recount. Help make sure Senator Nelson's team has everything they need for this process, and that every vote is counted: 
"I don’t believe we’re at our best when we stoke fear about each other.” —HillaryMake a plan to vote if you agree: 
The Court's ruling in Janus v. AFSCME earlier this summer overturned a 40-year-old precedent to hold that public-sector workers with union contracts don't have to pay fees for collective bargaining expenses if they're not members.
Win or lose, what you've built will continue long after last night.
.@Flippable_org is supporting more than 130 candidates in strategic states to flip legislative chambers, build progressive majorities, and restore democracy. Read their plan for your state, then pitch in and volunteer: 
Mike Pence: a divisive, anti-woman, anti-LGBT, anti-worker extremist. No wonder Trump picked him. #VPDebate 
The president takes an oath to "preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution." Does Trump know what's in it? 
We've heard Donald's insults for years, and his policies reflect this disregard—even contempt—for women.
"She is a fighter for what is right, what is fair, and what is just." —@RepJohnLewis:  
Mike Pence's #VPDebate strategy seemed to be "if you close your eyes, Trump doesn't exist." 
Trump says disqualifying things almost every day—but his policy "plans" matter too. We put them next to Hillary's: 
Two states have voter registration deadlines today:Connecticut: Deadline to register in person, by mail, or online. You can also register at a local election office through Election Day.Utah: Deadline to register in person or online.For more, go to 
"We have still have not shattered that highest and hardest glass ceiling. But some day, someone will." —Hillary
No matter where you go to college, we’ll make it easier for you to pay back and pay down your student debt. 
Reproductive rights are human rights—all around the world. 
I talked to @GMA about "Hillary," a docuseries that premieres on Hulu on Friday. It's a story not only about me but about the lives of millions of women in our country. 
@tarabea80 @BillClinton What kind words Tara. It was great meeting you last night, and thanks for writing!
Trump wants to give trillions in tax cuts to millionaires and corporations. It’s trickle-down economics on steroids. 
If you're thinking about running for office, take the @traindems 30-day challenge. By the end of April, you'll have the knowledge you need to run. Sign up now, and bring along a friend to join you: 
Remember, don't believe the haters who describe America as hopeless and broken. We should lift each other up, not tear each other down.
"Are we going to build a better, stronger America—or are we going to fear each other, and fear our future?" —Hillary
Congratulations to everyone who helped achieve this! Registering voters and turning them out is how we'll overcome voter suppression and any foreign interference in our elections in 2020, and we all have to be clear about that. 
If we unite together, we will rise together. 
"We don’t want to shrink the vision of this country. We want to keep expanding it.” —Hillary
A shameful failure of policy &amp; morality by GOP today. Fight back on behalf of the millions of families that will be hurt by their actions: 
"This is a woman I have never met...but who has stood with my family and me over and over again." 
20 days left. Let's win this.Make your custom video to show the world why you believe that #LoveTrumpsHate: 
Lucky to have a partner like @TimKaine who stood up for our shared vision tonight—instead of trying to deny it. #VPDebate
If you're thinking about working on a campaign in 2020, take advantage of @ArenaSummit's next Arena Academy this September in Houston. They're an @OnwardTogether partner devoted to helping staff and candidates get the skills they need to win. Learn more: 
Trump has contributed $0 for our military, $0 for Pell Grants to help people afford college, $0 for our highways. 
"If you vote for someone other than Hillary—or if you don't vote at all—then you are helping to elect her opponent." —@FLOTUS 
As I told @Columbia students last night:For all the progress we've made on civil rights and women's rights, there are people working to turn back the clock—and now many of them have lifetime appointments on the federal bench. Get involved in the public sphere. Push for change. 
Let’s be clear: Women have just as much right as men to make the most personal health decisions without government interference. We are equal citizens and we will insist on nothing less in this country. Please call your senators and relay the message: (202) 224-3121
The inspiring Lucy McBath became an activist for common-sense gun reform after her son, Jordan, was shot and killed. This cycle, she ran for Congress in a heavily Republican district in Georgia—and it looks likely she will win.
Three headlines:1. The US held a record number of migrant children in custody in 2019.  Hate crimes hit a 16-year high in 2018.  One of the president’s senior advisors is an avowed white supremacist. 
We are going to end the federal government making money off of lending money to get your education. 
These are just a few of countless stories that we should never read about events happening within our borders.
Thank you to all the readers who helped put "The Book of Gutsy Women" at the top of the list! @ChelseaClinton and I are so thrilled to share these women's stories with you.  
For more than 30 years, @emilyslist has paved the way for women to run &amp; succeed in elected office, including me.
Trump doesn't know what he's talking about when it comes to women's health. He shouldn't be making the decisions. #DebateNight
A lot has changed in the past two and a half decades. But the things we’re fighting for remain the same. 
Fact check:True. 
@NancyEMcFadden Nancy has a record of beating the odds - from DC to CA - where she helped Gov Brown do a fantastic job. All who know her are sending strength &amp; love as she faces this latest challenge.  Onward my friend. -H
In 2007, Kavanaugh wrote an opinion that severely limited union rights and allowed major damage to federal workers' ability to bargain collectively.
"What’s really on the ballot is what kind of country we want for our children and grandchildren.” —Hillary 
Well said. It can't be easy to be a teenager right now—thank you for teaching yours about what we all owe to each other. 
It was such an honor and delight to kick off the tour for "Gutsy Women" with one of the gutsiest athletes and advocates for equality of all time. Thank you, @BillieJeanKing! 
Make sure your family and friends see the evidence for themselves: The president asked a foreign power to interfere in the 2020 election for his own political gain. Americans deserve free and fair elections. He must be held accountable. 
"Sometimes the man in the arena, it ain't a man. It is a woman." —@CoryBooker 
This #EarthDay, I'm thankful for the millions of young people around the world who have marched and gone on strike to demand action on climate change. We know what we need to do: Cut greenhouse emissions in half by 2030. Now we need to do it.
I was so honored to be invited to participate in the #SelmaJubilee this weekend.We're living through a full-fledged crisis in our democracy. But history teaches us that when the struggle feels the hardest is when marching forward is most important. 
Trump stood on a debate stage and lied to millions of Americans.Chip in to make sure he never becomes president:  
When there are no ceilings, the sky's the limit.  
Great piece about a great guy I’ve known for a long time.
"Public colleges and universities should be tuition-free for anyone who makes less than $125,000 a year.” —Hillary 
Trump stood up at his convention and described a hopeless, broken nation—one that in no way resembles the strong, vibrant America we know.
Before Mike Pence takes the debate stage to defend his running mate, remember the time Trump couldn't decide whether he wanted him at all. 
Imagine how this can play out. A woman living in El Salvador, where abortion is banned, is raped and becomes pregnant. She suffers a miscarriage and decides to flee the country knowing that 17 of her countrywomen were sentenced to up to 40 years in prison after miscarrying.
Congress needs to act to make voting by mail the norm going forward, with the specifics outlined by election expert Marc Elias below to make it accessible for all. 
"She doesn't always talk about what drives her. But I've had a chance to see her." —@POTUS 
Donald Trump refuses to be subject to the law. The legitimacy of our elections is in doubt. The president is waging war on the truth. The administration is undermining the national unity that makes democracy possible. And then there's the breathtaking corruption.
In the face of an administration that doesn’t care about the middle class, this is a bold, impressive step by Amazon. Kudos to Jeff Bezos and the employees fighting for 15. 
“We have never had a more qualified and prepared candidate for president than our friend Hillary.” —@FLOTUS  
Across America, people are rejecting Trump’s dark vision for one that is hopeful and inclusive and unifying. 
.@TimKaine is going to finish this campaign the same way he started his career—fighting for working families. 
We’re going to make America the clean energy superpower of the 21st Century. 
.@iVoteFund has defended democracy itself, fighting hard against voter suppression and for secretaries of state and local measures that will make it easier for every American to exercise their right to vote.
Watch live: Hillary campaigns in Des Moines, IA with 11 days to go →  a plan to vote: 
Newspapers that have endorsed @realDonaldTrump:1. ...2. ...3. (Uh, the National Enquirer?) 
Honest work deserves honest pay. Everyone should have the right to join a strong union that will always have your back.
To the women sworn in to Congress today, the most in our history: Congratulations. Knock it out of the park. 
Thanks to all of you, we have now crossed the $500,000 mark. Here’s where your generosity is going, let’s keep it up! @ACLU@asylumadvocacy@FlorenceProject@humanrights1st@supportKIND@LUPE_rgv@RAICESTEXAS@UNITEDWEDREAM@WomenBelong@wrcommission 
Quick update, and great news: Legislators passed Rhode Island’s Reproductive Privacy Act and @GovRaimondo signed it into law last night! It was a close vote, so thanks again to everyone who called, wrote, and visited their representatives to protect reproductive rights.
Thanks to Pres Johnson &amp; the entire Wellesley community. And congrats to Wellesley's first NCAA crew champions, thanks for the warm welcome! 
White people need to empathize and understand what it’s like for black parents to worry about their kids' safety. 
There’s new CDC data out about gun deaths in America. Last year saw the most gun deaths in 40 years, nearly 40,000 people. What is wrong with us? This is not a problem we should have at all, let alone one that’s getting worse.
Our children are watching to see what kind of example we set for them. 
Speaking of gutsy women… 
Trump's major policy proposal is to "build a wall" and have Mexico pay for it. He choked. Enough said. #DebateNight 
Glad Secretary Carter did the right thing. Our men and women in uniform deserve our support and deepest gratitude, not an undue burden. -H 
"Hillary Clinton is a fighter for all of us. She's the fighter we need." 
"No one could be more qualified for this job than Hillary, no one.” —@FLOTUS
Donald—his father Fred—and their entire company were sued by @TheJusticeDept for discriminating against African Americans and Latinos.
Can’t wait to meet you, Bonnie! And thanks so much to everyone who entered my @omaze campaign in support of @OnwardTogether. 
Happy Mother's Day! 
Polls are open. Confirm where you'll vote: 
Our choice is between the most qualified candidate in decades—and a man who once started a Twitter war with Cher.  
"Our hope is grounded in hard work and hard-earned faith...that we are all precious and worthy, no matter where we come from." —@FLOTUS
As of today, this shutdown is the longest in history. The costs are already high: People are missing paychecks, losing business, or working without pay. Our national parks are overrun with trash. The FDA and FBI warn of the harm to our food safety and national security.
Now copy my plan on health care, a fairer tax system, and voting rights.  
"When you're president...knowing what you're doing is a good thing.And Hillary Clinton absolutely knows what she's doing." —@FLOTUS
The real national emergencies:- Relentless gun violence. - Children separated from their families at the border.- Climate change.- Americans dying for lack of health care.
@lizzo "I just took a DNA test, turns out..."
Make time for this important conversation between 42 and 43 about how grappling with differences can lead to meaningful change. 
People are mobilizing across the country today to #StopKavanaugh. Find an event near you: 
For 72 years, @TIME named a Man of the Year. For their 100 Women of the Year project, they chose some new faces to highlight, and I’m honored to be included alongside 99 remarkable women.  
This is grotesque. 
Imagine if a Democratic 2020 candidate said: "China, if you're listening..." Just saying that shows the absurdity of the situation we find ourselves in. 
“Get out and vote. Get out and vote for Hillary. Vote early. Vote right now!” —@
Facts:- Puerto Ricans are Americans.- Puerto Ricans have not received $91 billion in aid. - Puerto Rico is still waiting for the help its government should provide as they rebuild after 3,000 deaths and horrific damage.
Enter now for your once-in-a-lifetime chance to fly for free with Hillary on the official campaign plane: 
The rumors are true: @ChelseaClinton and I are @TrevorNoah fans. Thanks for having us on to talk #gutsywomen, @TheDailyShow!  
Unions and labor movements are why we have workplace safety precautions, collective bargaining, weekends, minimum wages, and, yes, Labor Day. We can't afford more damage to workers' rights. Make sure your senators hear from you: Let's #StopKavanaugh.
Exciting to see the grassroots army that @swingleft is organizing to help expand the map in 2018! Learn more here: 
On top of human suffering and lasting damage to our national parks, the Trump shutdown cost the economy $11 billion. End shutdowns as a political hostage-taking tactic. 
We should all care about how social media platforms play a part in our democratic process. Because unless it’s addressed it will happen again. The midterms are in 8 months. We owe it to our democracy to get this right, and fast. 
Tune in now to watch Hillary kick off Iowa early voting live from Des Moines: 
"This loss hurts. But please never stop believing that fighting for what’s right is worth it." —Hillary
.@ArenaSummit, an @OnwardTogether partner, is offering a new Arena Academy program to help aspiring organizers and campaign staffers get the skills they need. The early decision deadline for February's session is this Friday: 
Imagine that it’s January 20, 2017. Ask yourself, what will life be like for you under President Trump?→ 
Contributing nothing to our military, public schools, kids' health care, and more doesn't make you "smart." 
One of the most stunning statistics from the 2016 election is that nearly 42% of eligible voters didn't vote. Historically, midterm turnout is even lower than the turnout rate for presidential years. But we can't afford for anyone to stay home. 
Looking forward to sitting down with Bill and the one and only @StarJonesEsq in Connecticut tonight. Star has already mentioned she wants to talk Mueller, so we'll talk about the report—along with some lighter topics! See you in a bit, Wallingford.
Watch live: Hillary Clinton speaks at the In Defense of Democracy event presented by @ShankerInst, @AFTUnion, and @OnwardTogether. 
“Hello Philadelphia! Are you fired up? Are you ready to go?” —@POTUS 
Great World Cup. Question for President Trump as he meets Putin: Do you know which team you play for?
Here's what foreign policy experts, diplomats, and world leaders think about Hillary's four years as America's secretary of state: 
The administration's attacks on climate science are a betrayal of future generations that we have to work to reverse as soon as possible. 
I was honored to close out @NARAL's 50th anniversary celebration last night. The work to defend reproductive rights is more urgent now than ever.
"Go to  because...there’s only one way we lose this election, just one: if we don’t turn out to vote.” —@POTUS
“The Trump administration likely separated thousands more children from their parents at the Southern border than was previously believed.” This is an outrage! We need hearings, answers, and solutions immediately. 
On Friday night, I got the chance to call in to #HillaryonHulu watch parties happening around the country to say hi and thanks. Love you guys. 
So proud of the @runforsomething team on hitting this milestone! It takes a lot of courage to put your name on a ballot, and I'm glad these 500+ candidates have Run for Something in their corner. 
Twenty-one states are filing lawsuits this week to stop the administration's gag rule on clinics referring women for abortions. As @OregonGovBrown said: Everyone deserves the ability make their own decisions about their health care. 
Thank you to everyone who called CBP or their member of Congress this weekend to help a group of families in Mexicali get re-entry to the U.S. This is a huge step forward in getting them reunited with their kids. 
When Hillary wanted to make sure every child in Arkansas got a quality education, she did her homework. 
Time to bring CHIP to the Senate floor as promised. This alleged extension until March doesn’t cut it as states freeze enrollment &amp; send out letters warning that coverage will end. This is frightening to parents &amp; wreaks havoc for states. 
"We want someone who is a unifying force in this country, who sees our differences not as a threat, but as as blessing." —@FLOTUS
“It’s becoming clear that, to him, most of America is ‘them.’” —@FLOTUS on Donald Trump 
"I've known Hillary since September of 1958...we were just thinking of the next Nancy Drew book." —Hillary's lifelong friend, Betsy 
Our democracy is in crisis. The president degrades the rule of law, spreads corruption, and discredits truth. Over the next three weeks, we all have a chance to turn back the tide. Here are three things you can do before November 6:
Sharing some happy news this morning! Bill and I are so thrilled. 
I still believe in the vision we share for our country. We will elect politicians and enact legislation to protect the most vulnerable among us – but first, we have to address the urgent needs of families at the center of this crisis. Give today. Please. 
Yes we can. 
Hillary and @TimKaine are campaigning together in Pittsburgh. Tune in now to join them live: 
“I want to be the president, yes, for Democrats, but also for Republicans and Independents.” —Hillary in Colorado #StrongerTogether
Americans can't afford another day. Call your senator and demand a vote to re-open: (202) 224-3121And make sure your friends and family in Kentucky call @senatemajldr:Louisville: (502) 582-6304Lexington: (859) 224-8286Bowling Green: (270) 781-1673Washington: (202) 224-2541
Tomorrow’s the day! Join Hillary as she campaigns in Pittsburgh on the eve of Election Day. 
Let's elect more pro-choice women. @RunforSomething @EmergeAmerica @emilyslist 
@karaswisher @jack @voxmediainc Kara, here's a listening-face GIF if you need one. 
Watch live: Hillary campaigns in Florida with just 13 days left until Election Day → 
As of last week, over 200 children in detention near the border are still separated from their families. It's been over 100 days since the deadline for the administration to reunite them.
"I want to thank Tim Kaine and Anne Holton for being our partners on this journey." —Hillary
Tune in NOW to watch my panel with @laurenepowell at #ozyfest2018 where we’ll discuss all that’s happening in the world, why we should all still be optimists, and where we go from here.
None of us should accept a future in which our daughters and granddaughters have fewer rights than we do. Choose a way to help, ask a friend to join you, and let's get to work.
There’s a lot to be frustrated by right now, to say the least. Here’s something that we should be able to fix.
We've always had destructive hurricanes, but Hurricane Matthew was likely more destructive because of climate change.
Rudy should really consider taking up @jkcorden on the offer of a free exorcism. 
Congratulations to @AshantiGholar and @EmergeAmerica! Excited to work with you to recruit and help elect a historic number of women to office. 
Just this year, the Court upheld purges of minority voters in Ohio as well as districts in Texas that were drawn to reduce the voting power of people of color. With a solid hard-right majority on the Court, we would see more decisions like those.
Historian @alexiscoe's new book about George Washington, "You Never Forget Your First," is a fresh perspective on the man who helped define the American presidency. A timely read on the eve of an impeachment vote:  
A man who disrespects our service members cannot be our Commander-in-Chief. 
Latino political power is growing across the country, thanks to the hard work of activists and organizations around the country. Proud that @OnwardTogether groups are among them! 
With just 4 days left, join Hillary and @MCuban as they get out the vote in Pittsburgh: 
"I will be a president for all of the people." —Donald Trump**Except women, people of color, LGBT people, Muslims... #Debate
Who are you fighting for? Donate in their honor to help Hillary win: 
If you appreciate 40-hour work weeks, safe working conditions, higher wages, weekends, and a day off today—thank the labor movement. #LaborDay
Correct. 
Such a pleasure to chat with #gutsywoman @JuliaGillard at @GIWLkings about the fight for a fairer, more equal world. Listen and subscribe:  
I know this is all hard for you, @realdonaldtrump, so let me spell it out: - Free testing- Fee waivers- Emergency sick leave- Quarantines- Cancellations- Giving a damn
Challenges to the Affordable Care Act's protections for patients, including the notion that insurance companies can't refuse to insure you if you have a pre-existing condition, are already working their way through the lower courts.
America is already great because it welcomes people like Damián López Rodriguez—an immigrant who gave his life for our country. 
Next Tuesday's elections will determine whether Virginia gets fair congressional maps for the next decade. If you have a spare hour or two this weekend, you can help turn voters out from wherever you are: 
"She was warned. She was given an explanation. Nevertheless, she persisted."So must we all.
Like I said: A puppet. 
Congrats to the #USWNT for earning that tea. On to the final! 🇺🇸 
The choice on climate change:Hillary has a plan to turn America into a clean energy superpower.Trump calls it a "Chinese hoax." 
In the face of extreme abortion bans sweeping the country, we all have to stand up for women's rights. At noon tomorrow, join @PPAct, @NARAL, @OnwardTogether partner @IndivisibleTeam, and other groups to #StopTheBans. Find an event near you: 
You’re not just protecting yourself by working from home, minimizing travel, and washing your hands.You’re protecting people in your community who may have a greater risk of complications from COVID-19 than you do.We’re all in this together. Let’s act like it.
.@NHMollyKelly is an experienced leader and tireless fighter running for New Hampshire governor. She’ll fight to improve economic security for working families and expand opportunity for all. 
Paying for college shouldn’t be the hardest part of going to college: 
"We don’t have to accept a dark and divisive vision for America. Tomorrow, you can vote for a hopeful, inclusive, big-hearted America." 
More than 31 million Americans have already voted.Be a part of this: 
What's "smart" about not funding America's military, schools, or health care for kids? 
I'm endlessly impressed by the no-nonsense, hope-fueled, incredibly effective @IndivisibleTeam movement. (It's why we asked them to be an @OnwardTogether partner!) Now their most valuable principles and lessons are in a new book: 
Trump said he’s "very proud” to lead the birther movement to discredit @POTUS. Here’s how he spread the racist lie: 
"I want you hustling all the way until the polls close on November 8." —@POTUS  
Racist words can do real harm to people, especially when they're spoken by the president of the United States. Enough with the words to divert us. We need actions to protect us.
It's hard to process that our country is committing such abuses—and against children—in our name. But let's not stop at outrage or heartbreak.
Everyone deserves affordable health insurance. Head over to  and shop for a plan that's right for you. 
I’m so heartened by all of you. Onward! 
"If you elect me on Tuesday, that’s the kind of president I will be: listening, working, finding common ground.” 
Looking forward to joining Governor Cuomo this morning at @LaGuardiaCC as tuition-free college becomes a reality in New York State. 
In one week, Trump has:✓Lost a debate✓Attacked a woman at 5 am on Twitter✓Had his net worth downgradedand more: 
Tonight, Mike Pence will either have to leave Trump out to dry—or try to justify the things they both believe. #VPDebate 
Congrats Cathy, and happy homecoming Howard! 
Donald Trump just got one of his only newspaper endorsements of this election...from the Ku Klux Klan. 
More than ever, I believe citizen engagement is vital to our democracy. I'm so inspired by everyone stepping up to organize and lead.
Born before women could vote, Ruline just cast her ballot for Hillary in Iowa today. Join her:  
We need to improve and protect our elections, from instituting paper ballot backups to repairing the Voting Rights Act, getting secret money out of politics, and—you won't be surprised to hear my support for this—abolishing the Electoral College.
"America depends on you—you, all of you. ... I didn’t say, 'Yes, I can.' I said, 'Yes, we can.'" —@POTUS 
.@AndrewGillum ran an extraordinary campaign for governor, full of hope and focused on the needs and dreams of Florida families. Andrew, I'm proud of you and I can't wait to see what you do next.
.@Deb4CongressNM is a lawyer, an enrolled member of the Pueblo of Laguna, and a candidate for Congress in the 1st district of New Mexico. If Deb wins in November, she’ll be the first Native woman elected to Congress. 
Two years ago this week, the president signed an executive order banning travelers from Muslim-majority countries. The consequences have been tragic, for families and for our country. Congress should hold the administration to account. 
.@EmergeAmerica has recruited and trained thousands of Democratic women to run for office, and 560 of their alums will be on the ballot in two weeks. Historic numbers of women are running all over the country. We're at the beginning of a new era. 
"Vladimir Putin...isn't my best friend." —Donald Trump #DebateNight 
Our success isn't measured by the size of our bank accounts or the height of our skyscrapers. It's measured by what we do for kids. 
If you believe everyone deserves to be treated equally, no matter who they are or who they love—you’ve got to vote. 
The next Supreme Court justice will have a chance to rule on the fate of the Affordable Care Act, which helps millions of people get affordable health care. Brett Kavanaugh’s record shows he’d be a threat to the law.
Wishing love, hope, and renewal to everyone celebrating Easter today.
According to @NYTimes, Trump may contribute less to our military and college students than the undocumented immigrants he wants to deport.
Donald Trump might have gone decades without paying taxes—but he’s not afraid of telling other people to pay theirs. 
Please don't miss this interview in which my co-author is extra charming. 💛
Seems like the link above may be overloaded, so try this! 
Angelina, a young woman with autism who is already worrying who will take care of her when her parents are gone. 
More than 200 million voters are registered to vote in this election. That’s more than ever before.Join them: 
The Trump Foundation has spent "virtually every cent on charitable causes." —@mike_pence  #VPDebate 
"If we let Hillary's opponent win this election, then we are sending a clear message to our kids." —@FLOTUS  
Love this. What a great way to spend November 8th—or any day, for that matter! 
If you want to read some good news today, my friend David Banks and I published an op ed in the @NYDailyNews about how the Eagle Academy schools are transforming lives in New York and elsewhere. Check it out:
When Ruline was born, women couldn't vote. Yesterday, at 103, she voted for Hillary. Make sure you're registered:  
“No matter what came along, no matter what they hit her with … no matter what happened, she said, ‘We’re stronger together.’” —@BillClinton
@sdvorsky1 @WillDubbs I'm so sorry to hear this. Sending good wishes for a speedy recovery, @WillDubbs.
“The choice in this election could not be clearer...this election is basically between division and unity in our country.” —Hillary 
Florida, good news! Your voter registration deadline is extended to Tuesday, October 18 at 5pm ET. Forms must be postmarked by October 18. 
“I believe that she will win!I believe that she will win!” 
In just 3 days, we have the chance to make history:Join Hillary live in Florida as she gets out the vote: 
Too many talented young people pass up on programs like @Peacecorps because of student loans. Let's use GOOD JUDGMENT &amp; lighten that burden.
"If you believe we should never write discrimination into our laws...you’ve got to vote!” —Hillary 
Live from Tampa: Hillary campaigns with just 13 days left in this campaign → 
“If the impeachment provision in the Constitution of the United States will not reach the offenses charged here, then perhaps that 18th-century Constitution should be abandoned to a 20th-century paper shredder!” —Rep. Barbara Jordan, 1974 
This race comes down to two things: what kind of future we want for our kids and how we achieve it. 
We can’t make progress if the will of the people isn’t represented at the voting booth. Join us for today’s In Defense of Democracy event, where you’ll hear from @rweingarten, @andrewgillum, @ronwyden, and more—with a keynote from me at 9:30am ET. 
Trump's plan wouldn't just cut taxes for rich people—it would raise taxes for millions of middle-class families. 
So thrilled to be with @GabbyGiffords, @ShuttleCDRKelly, &amp; so many others tonight at the 25th anniversary celebration of the Giffords Law Center. Tune in now.
The Trump administration was told in January that coronavirus was likely to become a pandemic. They refused to act for fear of spooking the markets, losing weeks of time to prepare that we won’t get back. 
“You can vote for a hopeful, inclusive, big-hearted vision for America.” —Hillary  
I've done my share of interviews in my lifetime, but nothing like this. I surprised myself a few times while participating in this documentary. Maybe you'll be surprised, too. 
"This was not just 'locker room banter.' This was a powerful individual speaking freely &amp; openly about predatory behavior” —@FLOTUS on Trump
We are all safer when everyone has respect for the law, and everyone is respected by the law.
@Astrid_NV @iammarleydias @aijenpoo @domesticworkers @reshmasaujani @ColleenFlangan @SybrinaFulton @GwenCarrERIC @MariaHa05153239 @lucymcbath @IamMikesMother @pwcdanica @NadiaMuradBasee @TaranaBurke @Emma4Change @ShannonRWatts @GabbyGiffords and so many others, whose righteous voices have pushed us to see possibility and a path forward on gun violence prevention. 
I’ve known @TomDangora and @AnastasiaSomoza for years &amp; they bring compassion &amp; creativity to everything they do. They have created the first family musical about disability &amp; need help fundraising. Check out @AddyandUno below &amp; support them with me.
Thanks to @tonygoldwyn for helping me get the word out: There's still time to join me for a Broadway show in New York City to support the work of @OnwardTogether. Enter for your chance to win:  
Trump would give millionaires (like him) and billionaires the biggest tax cuts they’ve ever had. #Debate 
Update: Now over 1,500 and counting.
No one should have to choose between paying the rent and filling their prescriptions. 
“Don’t boo, vote!” —@POTUS  
"You do not try to keep American democracy in 'suspense.’ Too many people have fought and marched and died for this democracy.” —@FLOTUS
We’re going to make public colleges tuition-free for families making less than $125,000 a year and debt-free for everyone else.
Every American should read the evidence for themselves in the House’s impeachment inquiry report.It catalogues “a months-long effort by President Trump to use the powers of his office to solicit foreign interference on his behalf in the 2020 election.” 
On November 9, what kind of world do you want to wake up in? 
This is as serious as it gets. It's up to us to save health care for millions of our fellow Americans—again. As Kavanaugh's hearings begin, make sure your senators hear from you: (202) 224-3121
On Friday, Republican senators voted to help the president cover up his attempts to use America's power for his personal gain. Join @onwardtogether partner @SwingLeft to start working now to vote them all out in November. 
Thank you, Mary Oliver, for giving so many of us words to live by."Tell me, what is it you plan to dowith your one wild and precious life?"
.@Tech4Campaigns, a new addition to the @OnwardTogether network, matches people with tech expertise with campaigns that need their skills. The deadline to get matched is Wednesday—sign up yourself, or spread the word: 
“[Launching a nuclear weapon] can take as little as 4 minutes. 4 minutes. That’s why...Trump should never be put in charge.” —Hillary
The world is watching. Northern Ireland has been a symbol to people everywhere of democracy’s power to transcend divisions and deliver prosperity, peace, and progress. We need that symbol, that reality, now more than ever.
From helping to lead @domesticworkers to protesting family separation, @JessLivMo is not only tireless—she is fearless. 
"Whether you agree or disagree with me, whether you vote for me or not, I believe we can disagree without being disagreeable.” —Hillary
.@JulietteKayyem makes a chilling point in her @washingtonpost op-ed today about the way shooters' use of barrel suppressors and other silencing equipment makes it harder for people to save themselves and others. The sound of gunfire can save lives. 
Cassandra Levesque is only 19 years old, but she already has a successful statewide campaign under her belt: She spent four years working with her legislator to end child marriage in New Hampshire. Now she's running for state rep herself. 
One of the most fundamental human rights is the right to make the most personal decisions about one's own body. To deny women that is to rob them of the ability to decide their own futures.
As Secretary of State, I helped negotiate the crippling international sanctions that brought Iran to the table. It would be much harder a second time, now that our credibility is shot.
Hear @chelseaclinton talk about Too Small To Fail, an initiative we started at the @clintonfdn to improve the health and well-being of children under five: 
"Women's rights are human rights"—and 132 more reasons Hillary should be our next president. 
This Republican dad is struggling with the idea of his daughter growing up in a country led by Donald Trump. 
This is a heart-wrenching disgrace. 
Thanks, @chancetherapper. 
You can say that again. 
“We should all be grateful that this remarkable family decided to make America their home.” —Hillary on the Khan family
"I said no to some jokes that I thought were over the line, but I suppose you can judge for yourself on Wikileaks in the next few days."
Can a man who lost $1 billion in one year, stiffed small businesses, and may have paid no taxes really claim he's "good at business"? 
We will not and cannot accept this. 
We must remember and reaffirm that gun violence is not an intractable problem. We will not accept it. We know what to do to solve it. @MomsDemand, @Everytown, @AMarch4OurLives, and so many others are making progress every day.
"I want an America where everyone has a place, where everyone is included.” —Hillary in Ohio 
There are just 39 days between now &amp; November 8. Just 39 days left in the most important election in our lifetimes. 
A month ago, Trump said: “It’s going to disappear. One day, it’s like a miracle, it will disappear.” Yesterday, he said: “I don’t believe you need 40,000 or 30,000 ventilators.” What will it take to get @realdonaldtrump to listen to experts instead of his own hunches?
Mourning the loss today of @ArethaFranklin who shared her spirit and talent with the world. She deserves not only our RESPECT but also our lasting gratitude for opening our eyes, ears and hearts. Rest in eternal peace, my friend.
No matter how much of a grown-up you become, you'll always be my baby. Happy birthday, @ChelseaClinton. 
"I'm happy to compare my 30 years of experience with your 30 years." —Hillary to Trump #DebateNight 
Our work is far from over. As we celebrate our wins, let's be clear about what's ahead. This is a crucial step in a long road to repairing our democracy. It'll take all of us to do it. What a start this is.
This is horrifying. Those responsible must be held to account. 
Beautifully said, @BerniceKing. An important message today and every day. 
Every child, no matter their background or what zip code they live in, has the right to a high-quality education. 
"Hillary Clinton is not just the only safe choice in this election — she’s also the right choice." —@BostonGlobe 
Tune in to hear HRC join Governor Cuomo at La Guardia Community College. Watch now: 
He went low; she went high. 
The Court has also recently granted corporations the right to deny workers reproductive health care and made it harder for workers to sue businesses by allowing companies to force employees to sign mandatory arbitration clauses with their contracts.
Ciara Minaj Carter. Nikki Janelle Enriquez. Londonn Moore. Shantee Tucker. Dejanay Stanton. Vontashia Bell. Sasha Garden. Keisha Wells.Cathalina Christina James. Diamond Stephens. Antash’a Devine Sherrington English.
Trump's child care "plan" is really just a tax cut for the wealthy—while giving working families almost nothing. 
Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr was in Memphis in 1968 to protest with sanitation workers the week he was killed. Here’s the story of one of those workers, Cleophus Smith, who is still on the job today.
It was a thrill to work on this project with @ElaineWelteroth.  I’m really proud of the result. I hope you enjoy it. 
Thank you to everyone who has donated to Onward Together in our first year -- we’re only able to support these great groups because of you. Let’s do even more in 2018. Onward!
"Once she was made aware that America had children languishing in foster care...her attitude was: not on my watch." —Shane 
"He doesn't see us as full human beings with our own dreams, our own capabilities.” —Hillary on what Trump thinks of women
.@MichaelNutter got a lot of great points into 140 characters here. We have to keep the momentum. 
The Court gutted the Voting Rights Act in 2013 by ruling that states with a history of suppression no longer needed federal approval to change their voting laws. Kavanaugh's record indicates he would help a new majority kill the VRA entirely and approve even more suppression.
@Astrid_NV @iammarleydias @aijenpoo @domesticworkers @reshmasaujani @ColleenFlangan @SybrinaFulton @GwenCarrERIC @MariaHa05153239 @lucymcbath @IamMikesMother @pwcdanica @NadiaMuradBasee and Wai Wai Nu are two inspiring young human rights activists I met last month at Georgetown. Nadia is raising awareness of human trafficking and Wai Wai is speaking out for peace in Myanmar and against the persecution of the Rohingya. 
We don’t have to feel helpless. Whatever you have to give—an hour, a few dollars, or just a quick read—makes a difference.
.@repjohnlewis knows that the fight for voting rights isn't over. That's why he's on the team of @ivotefund, an @onwardtogether partner. Join him:  
The last few months, I've been reflecting, spending time with family—and, yes, taking walks in the woods.
Our kids deserve good schools with good teachers, no matter what ZIP code they live in. 
Dozens of former nuclear launch officers agree: Donald Trump should never be in charge of America's nuclear weapons.
Our next president will either step up our efforts to address climate change or drag us backward and put our whole future at risk.
Yes, I am famously under-scrutinized. 
This election isn’t just about who Trump is—it’s about who WE are.Are you ready to vote? 
The Trump administration must answer for this and make tests widely accessible immediately to help front-line health care workers do their jobs. 
Tonight, Alabama voters elected a senator who'll make them proud. And if Democrats can win in Alabama, we can -- and must -- compete everywhere.Onward!
The administration's deadline to reunite families it separated at the border passed 12 weeks ago today. What is their plan to rectify this great wrong, and to do it immediately?
Donald Trump refused to say that he’d respect the results of this election. By doing that, he’s threatening our democracy.
Nine years since Citizens United, the amount of money in politics hasn't changed dramatically. But who funds politics has: "a handful of donors who make multimillion dollar contributions." The result: disastrous laws like Trump's tax giveaway to the rich. 
Thousands of DACA recipients have been unable to renew the legal protections they need to live and work safely because of $495 application fees. @DreamBigNV, an @OnwardTogether grantee, is raising money to help cover costs. If you can, chip in here: 
Trump is using the powers of the presidency like a tyrant—now, to reward accomplices and go after witnesses who dared to speak against him. This should concern and anger us all. 
“I need you to knock on doors.I need you to make phone calls.You gotta talk to your friends, including your Republican friends.” —@POTUS 
Progress is on the ballot:  
“You don’t just have to vote against someone, you have somebody extraordinary to vote for.” —@POTUS 
“We have a duty to ensure that this country is handed over to a leader that we all can trust.” —@FLOTUS on Hillary
"When you’re knocked down, what matters is whether you get up again...I’m not stopping now.” —Hillary
Let's help make more of these moments happen. 
"Our democracy is on the ballot right now—and Hillary gives us a chance to advance our democracy.” —@POTUSGo vote: 
Congratulations to New York for passing automatic voter registration—a win for voters and for democracy. Let's do this everywhere. 
Love this! 
Thinking about Barbara Bush’s legacy of service to our country and the extraordinary family she raised. Thanking her for her many kindnesses to me and my family. Wishing her the comfort she deserves surrounded by her loved ones.
When anti-choice politicians limit access to reproductive care, women die. Please read @ilyseh on why we must continue to fight the new wave of six-week abortion bans that make women collateral damage for extremist views: 
“I will do everything I can to get incomes rising again for hardworking people…you deserve to be part of a growing, thriving middle class.”
Sometimes the fate of the greatest nations comes down to single moments in time. This is one of those moments. 
In 2014, he dissented in a case where the Occupational Safety and Health Administration held SeaWorld accountable for the death of a trainer.
The HFA family lost Tyrone Gayle last night. He was one of the fiercest fighters we will ever know. 
“Tomorrow, we have the chance to elect someone who is singularly qualified to be our president—our friend, Hillary Clinton.” —@FLOTUS 
One week to go.Watch Hillary talk about what's at stake for women in this election on the trail in Florida → 
May we always remember those we lost 17 years ago. May the love, bravery, and selflessness so many showed that day light our path forward.
.@StaceyAbrams is the Democratic nominee for governor of Georgia. She’s served as Georgia’s House Minority Leader, founded a voter registration organization, and written eight romance novels! She’s running to strengthen Georgia's schools and economy. 
Happy Pride Month! Gay rights are human rights, now and forever. This administration's attacks on the LGBTQ+ community can never change that, and I'm proud to stand and fight with you to make sure those rights are recognized as they should be. 🌈
What can we do? Make sure your representatives are holding the administration accountable for this attack on our health care; organize to build political support for more coverage for more people. Health care is a human right, and we can realize that right in America.
Between the three presidential debates, Trump told roughly one lie for every 50 seconds he spoke. 
And on top of that, you can’t beat a little book signing wardrobe fun. 
“It might seem like a very small thing, but these small policies matter.” —@LaverneCox on Hillary improving passport gender identity policy 
This little girl's priceless face makes me smile every time I see it. You can still order @barb_kinney's beautiful book of photos from the 2016 campaign trail in time for Christmas. The first 100 orders get a signed copy:  
Thrilled to be back @Yale speaking at Class Day.  Tune in now! 
.@BillClinton and I are about to go on stage in NYC for a chat with @PaulBegala. Who knows what we’re going to talk about, but I’m sure it will include good stories and America's future, and we’ll try not to say the T word. If you're with us at the Beacon Theater, please say hi!
"I am betting that tomorrow, you will reject fear, and you'll choose hope.” —@POTUS
"First ladies, we rock." —@FLOTUSGet all the highlights from Michelle and Hillary's first-ever joint rally: 
What kind of man stays up all night to smear a woman with lies and conspiracy theories?
"I know more about ISIS than the generals." —Donald Trump, who clearly doesn't. #debate
While Hillary was monitoring the raid on Osama bin Laden, Trump was hosting "the Apprentice" (which didn't win an Emmy). 
“Gun bans and gun regulations that are not longstanding or sufficiently rooted in the text, history and tradition are not consistent with the Second Amendment individual right," he added.
"Our responsibility as citizens is to keep doing our part to build that better, stronger, fairer America we seek. And I know you will.”
@Alyssa_Milano Glad you enjoyed it, Alyssa—it was good for my soul too.
Don’t let anyone tell you they’re too busy to vote. If Ruline can do it, so can they.  
"Donald, you don’t want to go there.” —Hillary on Trump asking what she’s done for the past 30 years 
From mother to activist to candidate - congratulations to @LucyWins2018 on winning the nomination for Congress in #GA06. No one is more determined or resilient, and she will bring an important voice to Congress for the people of Georgia. Onward to November!
As 2020 policy discussion gears up, @genebsperling’s piece on the dignity of work is terrific food for thought on why conversations about economic opportunity shouldn’t be confined to traditional metrics. After all, economic opportunity is about people. 
Let’s try this again, @realdonaldtrump:Hospitals are already running out of ventilators and beds. Nurses are using bandanas as masks.If you’ve already ordered more with the Defense Production Act, tell us now. If you haven’t, you’re failing to lead and failing Americans.
There's a concrete way you can help immigrant children and their families at the border today. The Trump administration wants to change regulations to allow indefinite detention. Make a public comment to DHS about why you oppose the policy: 
The FDA approved the very first birth control pill 59 years ago today, and the world opened up for women. Reproductive freedom is simply the foundation of women’s ability to achieve their dreams. We have to continue defending it. #ThxBirthControl
Richard Nixon once made this argument: "When the president does it, that means that it is not illegal." He was forced to resign in disgrace. In America, no one is above the law. 
Follow, help fund, and volunteer for groups that are working on the ground to reunify families, including:@ACLU@CCharitiesUSA@domesticworkers@FWDus@LIRSorg@RAICESTEXAS@TXCivilRights@WomenBelong@WRCommission
Real change happens when Americans come together to work toward a common goal—we'll make it easier to do that. 
"Only one candidate on the ballot Nov. 8 belongs anywhere near the White House, and it’s Hillary." —@BostonGlobe 
Hurricane Maria decimated trees and ecosystems in Puerto Rico. Para La Naturaleza's nurseries have made a CGI commitment to plant 750,000 trees in seven years. The team here has already grown 120,000 seedlings and planted 30,000 trees. 
Listening to the students from Parkland and across the country today is a reminder of what is possible when our future is in the right hands, and when we match inspiration with determination. 
"Change is possible, but it doesn’t just depend on one person—it depends on all of us.” —@POTUS  #StrongerTogether
@Astrid_NV @iammarleydias @aijenpoo @domesticworkers @reshmasaujani tackles the gender gap in technology by inspiring girls and women to learn to code. 
“27 million are ready to put up a fight and not be intimidated by hatred and spite.”  
When I was the First Lady of Arkansas one of the things I was most proud of is a school in Hot Springs I helped start, the @ARMathSciArts. I’m back in Hot Springs today to deliver the commencement address to the Class of 2019. Tune in!
I'm so proud to support @VoteMamaUS, and let's say it louder for the people in the back: Make moms running for office the norm, not the exception! 
"Mr. Pence simply ignored the Donald Trump we have seen on the trail for more than a year." —@NYTimes 
Members of our armed forces sacrifice time with their families, their safety, and sometimes even their lives to serve their country. This Veterans Day, let's all take a moment to thank a friend, family member, or neighbor who's served for all they do. #VeteransDay #ACPthanks
.@ColorOfChange PAC’s #VotingWhileBlack program reached more than 5 million voters, and now African Americans have a new cohort of officeholders at both the local and state level.
"We don't miss voting in my family." A story from the 1992 presidential campaign that President @BillClinton will never forget: 
First lady of ArkansasFirst lady of the United StatesSenatorSecretary of statePresident? That's up to you: 
Think about what it would mean to entrust the nuclear codes to someone who lashes out at anyone who challenges him.
.@TheEconomist ranked Donald Trump and his economic policies as tied for 4th among the greatest risks to the world economy. #DebateNight 
Every good thing that we’ve ever achieved has always been because people have worked together to make it happen. 
Always such a joy to march in Chappaqua’s Memorial Day parade. Wishing everyone a lovely day of reflection and gratitude for all those who have served and sacrificed for the country we all love. 
Here's what you need to know about early voting and absentee ballots: 
Thank you to Yale and my fellow secretaries of state—@Madeleine, @CondoleezzaRice, and @JohnKerry—for yesterday's conversation about America's place in the world. We face enormous challenges and it’s always an honor to talk with dedicated diplomats determined to solve them. 
We can create millions of jobs and protect our environment at the same time. 
"More frequent and intense extreme weather and climate-related events, as well as changes in average climate conditions, are expected to continue to damage infrastructure, ecosystems, and social systems that provide essential benefits to communities."
In 1994, Ryan Moore made an impression on First Lady Hillary Clinton—and she him: "She has helped make me into the person I am today." 
The Paris Climate Agreement is our last, best chance to solve the climate crisis.Donald Trump wants to cancel it. 
@KatieS @MoxxieVentures This is exciting, Katie. Congratulations—and love the name!
"You are the change makers, the path breakers, and the ground shakers. You are proof that Black Girl Magic is real." —Hillary 
Join a cause today, support a gun-sense candidate, or find another way to pitch in. We can save lives, honor victims, and give too many grieving communities the knowledge that "Never again" means "Never again."
Great to see @ClintonFdn’s early learning initiative, @2SmallToFail, team up with @NYSCCF to reach parents anywhere they go! These signs in the subway, the mall, the laundromat &amp; across New York remind us all of how important it is to talk, read &amp; sing with children from day one. 
My friend @jmpalmieri wrote a terrific book that everyone should read.  It’s smart, emotional, and true. See for yourself in this excerpt:
Nurses at Mount Sinai West have resorted to wearing trash bags as protective gear. A nurse manager just died there of COVID-19. This should not be happening in America. #WheresMyPPE  
I do not come today as an authority with all the answers—only you will find those—but as a friend who knows how hard the people of Northern Ireland have worked and suffered to transcend old conflicts. You deserve a future worthy of that struggle.
"I'm going to be the voice of the voiceless." —Gwen Carr, mother of Eric Garner, on her work to reform policing practices 
.@SenJohnMcCain lived a life of service to his country, from his heroism in the Navy to 35 years in Congress. He was a tough politician, a trusted colleague, and there will simply never be another like him. My thoughts and prayers are with Cindy and his entire family.
Kavanaugh has also claimed that the president can simply decide not to implement the Affordable Care Act, leaving millions of Americans in the lurch.
.@LatinoVictoryUS and @VotoLatino have worked to mobilize Latino voters and elect progressive Latino candidates, sending dozens of amazing candidates to office up and down the ballot.
And the important work done by @ColorofChange’s PAC was instrumental in winning the district attorney race in Philadelphia.
As Transgender Awareness Week draws to a close, let’s take this moment to affirm that transgender people deserve equality, safety, and opportunity. Millions of people see you, and stand by you. 
Let your representatives know what you think about the proposed budget and who it values. Make sure your friends and family do too.
Do you or someone in your life need affordable health care? The deadline to enroll in Obamacare is tomorrow. Spread the word: 
Every single American deserves full equality under our laws—no matter who you are or who you love. #NationalComingOutDay 
If you can't stand the heat, get out of the...Congress.
We have to win this election.
"America depends on you. You! All of you.” —@POTUSMake your plan to go vote:  
Running for president was a little different back in 1992.  
Thinking of my friend and outstanding public servant Brooklyn DA Ken Thompson, who passed away yesterday. My prayers are with his family. -H 
"She’s tough. She doesn’t back down.Trump responds to criticism with the petulance of verbal spit wads." 
"I’ve had to listen to Donald Trump for 3 full debates…I have now stood next to Donald Trump longer than any of his campaign managers."
Of particular note: U.S. immigration judges and asylum officers use the human rights reports to evaluate the credibility of an applicant's fear of persecution. Human rights reports that contradict an asylum seeker in virtually any way can be fatal to an asylum application.
Republicans in Michigan and Wisconsin lost elections on Nov. 6. Rather than respect the will of voters, they're using their last few weeks in office to pass laws limiting the power of new governors and put roadblocks on voting. It's not just anti-Democratic. It's anti-democratic.
Talk to your loved ones about this election—there's too much at stake to sit out.   
When the Trump administration threatened to pull out of the Iran deal and impose more sanctions last year, it was clear that we'd lose our leverage and Iran would be free to do what it wanted. Predictably, Iran is now exceeding enrichment limits the deal once imposed.
.@JanetMillsforME is an experienced leader and an outstanding public servant running for governor of Maine to expand economic opportunity. She currently serves as the state’s attorney general and is a tireless champion for Maine families. 
In 9 days, we'll choose who succeeds @POTUS in the Oval Office. Make sure we make the right choice:  
I've written a new afterword for "What Happened" breaking down what we've learned since it was published, how we got here, and how we can heal our body politic. The new edition is available today: 
However and wherever you choose to GOTV this weekend, thank you for getting in there! We'll win back our democracy if we work for it.
Do you realize intimidating judges is the behavior of failed-state fascists? Just asking! 
Hillary "is absolutely ready to be Commander-in-Chief…and yes, she happens to be a woman." —@FLOTUS 
Thank you to the medical professionals, grocery store employees, delivery drivers, pharmacy workers, mail carriers, firefighters, police, nursing home employees, and everyone else who is working to save lives and keep us all going right now. Thank you, thank you, thank you.
I've always said I have a life you can't make up. Now there's a docuseries on Hulu about it that also tells the story of women's shifting roles in America and the long game of making change. I hope you enjoy it.  #HillaryonHulu 
Like so many others, I am horrified and heartbroken by what is happening to immigrant kids and families because of this administration’s disastrous policies.
College students--you have the power to take back a Democratic majority in the House. Deadline is today! Apply now: 
They did it! 108 years later and the drought is finally over. Way to make history, @Cubs. #FlyTheW -H
Muzaffar Chishti of @MigrationPolicy said something that has stuck with me.
A Russian disinformation campaign “used every major social media platform to deliver words, images and videos tailored to voters’ interests to help elect President Trump—and worked even harder to support him while in office." 
"I will not raise taxes on anyone making less than $250,000.” —Hillary 
On both sides of the Atlantic, we need reform. Not open borders, but immigration laws enforced with fairness and respect for human rights. We can’t let fear or bias force us to give up the values that have made our democracies both great and good.
Don't let this horror—and the imperative to hold those responsible to account—get lost in the news. 
Brooklyn, see you tonight! 
.@GretaThunberg—one of my favorite gutsy women—will help lead global climate strikes that start tomorrow. "I want you to act as if our house is on fire," she has said. "Because it is." Join a strike near you:  
✔️ 
Our @OnwardTogether partner organization @latinovictoryus has a plan to resist Trump’s agenda by electing more Latinos. Watch: 
My heart is in Charlottesville today, and with everyone made to feel unsafe in their country.
Listen to @Lin_Manuel, @billyeichner, @MalcolmJenkins, and @aijenpoo—and commit today to talk to new voters. It's how we'll win. 
Over the last few days, Republicans in Wisconsin's state legislature have pushed through bills to shift power to their Republican-controlled legislature and away from the incoming Democratic governor and attorney general. 
Students, we need your help! Apply today. 
@Astrid_NV @iammarleydias @aijenpoo @domesticworkers @reshmasaujani @ColleenFlangan @SybrinaFulton @GwenCarrERIC @MariaHa05153239 @lucymcbath @IamMikesMother @pwcdanica put a huge crack in the glass ceiling last November, then got right to work to serve her constituents. 
Wow. I wasn’t sure how letting my guard down would go...but it’s been cathartic &amp; rewarding. I loved writing this book, &amp; I’m honored to be in such great company on this list!
Bill tried his hand at mystery writing and it paid off. The President is Missing, co-authored by James Patterson, is getting rave reviews! 
"I’m betting that young people turn out to vote because your future is at stake.” —@POTUS
The photos that tell the story of Hillary’s career and what she stands for. 
Mike Pence claiming that Trump supports our troops and veterans when he insults them and probably doesn't pay taxes is laughable. #VPDebate
Ever dreamed of working on a political campaign, but don't know where to start? @traindems can help. Learn more about the new NDTC Staff Academy: 
When I was a little girl, I wrote to NASA and told them I dreamed of being an astronaut. They wrote back and said they weren't taking girls.A new generation of little girls watched today's historic spacewalk. May their dreams of reaching the stars have no bounds. 
When you call anything inconvenient to you a "hoax," when you undermine facts and truth, and when you rid the government of experts who are loyal to science rather than to you, you're going to have some problems. 
27 days to go &amp; Hillary’s hitting the trail in Colorado. Watch live:  register to vote: 
"If you're a young person worried about affording college, [Hillary] has a plan to make your education tuition-free." —@FLOTUS
You can confirm where to vote here:  
"I have learned a lot about resiliency and what it takes to endure," @gabbygiffords writes—and she has lessons for the rest of us.
It was a special honor to talk about women, power, and breaking down barriers with someone who knows all about it. 💪 
Democracy should mean free and fair access to the ballot box. But in America, voting rights are under attack. I’m honored to have been invited to join the 54th Bridge Crossing Jubilee in Selma, Alabama on March 3rd to march for voting rights with @liftourvote. #liftourvote2020
It’s on all of us to pay it forward—to make sure every kid in every zip code can get ahead. 
@CoryBooker 
CC: @USSoccer 
25 years ago, @billclinton signed the Family and Medical Leave Act, which remains a success all these years later. Now we need paid leave to finish the job and create more equitable &amp; family friendly workplaces. #
"We have to get out and make sure we vote.” —@KingJames in Ohio with HIllary 
@FullFrontalSamB I really do.
I'm grateful to everyone who brought light into 2018: organizers, journalists, candidates, marchers, activists, and voters. Here's to you. Happy New Year. 
Donald Trump may lie, but the tape doesn't. 
"Ohio, we are on the doorsteps of history.I'm here tonight because respect matters." —@S_C_ 
Chelsea and I are so inspired by you all. Thank you for your fierce, passionate work to prevent more families from suffering tragic losses from gun violence.
"I have great respect for women." —@realDonaldTrump, who said all of these things. #Debate 
As @caitmosc writes in "See Jane Win," the majority of 2018’s Democratic wave was "more than 3,500 female candidates running for state legislative seats—a 28% increase” from 2016. Let’s help even more Democratic women flip state leg seats in 2020. 
Don’t let anybody tell you America’s best days are behind us. 
Part of changing our politics means making it possible for more people to be involved. The @CollectivePAC 2018 Black Campaign School is in day two of training future candidates and campaign staffers on everything from field organizing to fundraising. Nice way to spend a Saturday! 
Unsurprisingly, this was a lie:
The many, many lies Mike Pence told at last night's debate. 
Trump owes the country an apology for all of the horrible things he's said. It's time for him to take responsibility for his words. 
Reminder: While Trump probably pays no federal taxes, he wants a $4 billion tax break for his own family.  
Don't boo. Vote!  
I'd love to hear how @realdonaldtrump and Secretary Barr are going to take steps to protect our elections in light of this bipartisan report on the attack on our election integrity. 
Island nations and territories already bear the brunt of climate change. I'm thrilled to be in the U.S. Virgin Islands this week with @BillClinton and @ClintonGlobal to meet some of the people and programs pioneering strategies for climate resilience. 
American women today are 50% more likely to die in childbirth than their own mothers. Let's not mince words. The loss of reproductive freedom means more dead women. 
New York: Join @ChelseaClinton and me at @KingsBklyn on October 1st for the launch of our new book, #GutsyWomen: Favorite Stories of Courage and Resilience. We can't wait to share it with you. 
Heading into next year’s elections, every voter must reckon with what their vote supports. At the border and around the country, a vote for Trump is a vote to tear parents away from their children. 
Philippe's got his own way of saying things, but he has a point about the real consequences of fake news... 
You can watch my commencement address at @hunter_college live here:  #HunterGrad
As a federal judge, Kavanaugh tried to prevent a young undocumented woman in government custody from exercising her right to an abortion.
Trump has said that the video doesn't represent who he is. Anyone who heard it knows it's exactly who he is.But that's not who we are.
This is despicable. The Trump administration is not only ceding America’s role as a leader on the human rights of women, it’s actively working against those rights. We all have to work together to right this wrong and undo this damage. 
If you agree, please pick up the phone right now and call your senators. Ask them to #StopKavanaugh: (202) 224-3121
Nine years ago, the Affordable Care Act passed the House. @BarackObama signed it into law two days later. Millions of Americans have gotten care they wouldn't have otherwise, saving and changing lives. Hard work can pay off. Let's keep going. 
If you care about the right to vote and want to make sure it’s protected and strengthened, you’ve got to vote. 
Congratulations to @RunforSomething founders @amandalitman + @RossMoRock for a huge night! 25 of the local candidates they helped to recruit and run won.
The elections two weeks from today are our chance to put a check on an administration that has undermined the rule of law, brought corruption into the Oval Office, attacked immigrants, and vilified journalists. Do more than vote this year. Volunteer: 
While Trump is making an unprecedented attack on democracy, millions of Americans are voting.Join them: 
People in covfefe houses shouldn't throw covfefe. 
I’m so excited! 🤗 
Reproductive rights are human rights. Women's freedom to decide whether and when to have children is core to their liberty as human beings. Today, we celebrate the power to decide.  #ThxBirthControl
Parkland survivor @DavidHogg111's goal for 2020 is to encourage more young people to vote. His goal is 71% youth turnout, up from 50% in 2016. Help reach that goal today by sharing this registration link far and wide:  
Heartbreaking.No one should have to endure this racist abuse.No one should have to give their life to stop it.
We can fight for the country we want and make history at the same time. Are you ready to vote?  
Thanks for the kind words, Mike. #VPDebate 
43 times Donald Trump lied—or was just totally wrong—on the debate stage last night: 
Nine @IndivisibleTeam-endorsed candidates won. Overall, the margin in their endorsed races swung 8 points to the left. Among races rated “Solid R," that swing was 15 points.
Bottom line: A good pantsuit is important. But never more important than what a woman has to say.
Need to confirm where you'll vote?  has you covered. 
Meet 55 amazing candidates @runforsomething has endorsed this month, including an activist who helped remove Confederate statues in Memphis and a lifelong education advocate: 
Every girl—in every country—deserves to get an education and reach her dreams. Thank you, @FLOTUS.  #DayoftheGirl
Supreme Court seats are for life. Your senators' votes on Kavanaugh could affect whether you, your loved ones, and millions of other Americans can get affordable health care for decades.
Donald Trump said he has "great respect" for women. His actions and words say otherwise. 
Born 99 years ago today, civil rights activist Fannie Lou Hamer was a decades-long fighter for universal voting rights and racial justice. 
"We can save our planet while creating millions of clean energy jobs." —HillaryHere's how:  
@KamalaHarris But my emails. (Thank you.)
Veterans who experience PTS are stronger than we'll ever understand. We owe them nothing short of world-class care: 
In 1964, Monique was three years old and appeared in “Daisy,” a political ad about avoiding nuclear war. Here’s what she has to say today. 
"I've been bullied for being Muslim. ... It hurts, you know."This is the Trump Effect: 
.@ColinAllredTX, @JenniferWexton, @RosenForNevada, @JasonCrow06, @WildForCongress, @Lizzie4Congress, @Joshua_Harder, and @MikeLevinCA are working hard to talk to voters about how gun violence has affected their lives, and what we can all do to make our communities safer.
@ChelseaClinton We all have to do what we can to help. And it’s important for the conspiracy theorists to have something to distract them too...
"The future of the economy is on the ballot. I believe that when the middle class thrives, America thrives.” —Hillary
Ditto! 
For 100 years, @LWV has empowered voters and defended democracy, and that work has rarely been more crucial than it is now. Join their Day of Action tomorrow in your community to become a part of it:  #WomenPowerTheVote 
If you don't live in an area that could be affected, read this to see how you can help those who do:
Let's go. #Debate 
Want to know if Donald Trump is lying? Just Google it. 
Congratulations to the gutsiest of women, @gloriasteinem, on her aptly named, incredibly inspiring, so-very-her new book. Out now from @penguinrandom!  
“Climate change is real, it’s urgent, and America can take the lead in the world in addressing it.” —Hillary in Miami
Right now, many states are getting ready to send out notices to parents, letting them know that their kids’ coverage is in jeopardy. 4/7
Yesterday was the court-ordered deadline for the administration to reunite families it has separated at the border, but more than 700 children are not yet back with their parents. Let’s keep making our voices heard until every single family is reunited. 
Ashton Clemmons is a former school principal and assistant superintendent running in North Carolina's House District 57. She led the turn-around of one of the state's lowest-performing schools and wants to help fight for the futures of her state’s kids. 
If this man's resume landed on your desk, would you hire him for anything? 
Crises like the coronavirus outbreak remind us that we're truly all in this together. Take a few practical steps to prepare and protect yourself and your community—yes, including washing your hands! 
If you’re considering working on a Democratic campaign in 2020, don’t miss Friday’s deadline to apply to @OnwardTogether partner @arenasummit’s next training from Sept. 13-17 in Houston, TX. Scholarships are available, too. 
Ten years ago today, the Supreme Court's decision in Citizens United unleashed hundreds of millions of dollars in corporate and special-interest money into U.S. elections. The next president should propose a constitutional amendment to overturn the decision.
The president asked a foreign power to help him win an election.Again.
Watch Hillary's full remarks at the #AlSmithDinner. 
Having cruelly separated children from their parents, the Trump administration now claims it would require "extraordinary effort" to reunite families. Children are being harmed every day. Unreal and inhumane. I'm thankful the @ACLU is back in court Feb 21. 
Georgia voters: If you voted with a provisional ballot on Tuesday, make sure your ballot will be counted as votes continue to be tallied in the governor's race. 
@timkaine I’m forever grateful to you for being such an outspoken champion and advocate for women. Having allies like you on our side means the world - today and every day.
We can never forget how Trump disrespects our military families, like the Khans. 
This is wrong. 
“To dismiss this as everyday ‘locker room talk’ is an insult to decent men everywhere.” —@FLOTUS
"I’ve been fighting for kids at every step of my career, and I will fight for them every single day of my presidency." —Hillary
Proud to be on the inaugural episode of "We Are Emily," @emilyslist's new podcast. You can listen and subscribe here:  
“Last night, Donald Trump spent his time attacking when he should have been apologizing.” —Hillary
Thousands of families who have been separated at the border still need to be reunited. In some cases, children have been sent to states far from Texas and Arizona, where their parents were detained.Here’s how we can help:
Spend an evening with Bill and me as we discuss where we go from here. Hope to see you out there!  
In a recent interview, I talked about how Europe must reject right-wing nationalism and authoritarianism, including by addressing migration with courage and compassion. I also gave a comprehensive speech about this last month.
Your friends, your family, stars on Broadway—everyone's voting this year. Don't throw away your shot:  
Democracy may be our birthright as Americans, but it’s not something we can ever take for granted. Every generation has to fight for it. After last night's Trump rally, it's clearer than ever that the time has come again.
I’d like to encourage you to support some extraordinary organizations we're proud to have on the @OnwardTogether team:
This is horrific. We cannot allow this man to become president. 
@BrianKarem 
Yes!Elections matter. 
"It’s not just my name or Donald Trump’s name on the ballot—it’s the kind of country we want.” —Hillary 
A reminder: None of these hearings would have happened if organizers, volunteers, and voters hadn't worked together to win back the House majority for Democrats last year. Let's keep working together in 2020 to hold power to account.
Thanks for the warm welcome last night! Inspired by your passion and commitment. 
Our fight for full democracy in America must continue, and Stacey is committing to fight for fair elections in Georgia. Let’s join her: 
When they go low...we vote:  
@MollyJongFast It really wasn't.
"Men and women.Young and old.Gay and straight.Native-born and immigrant.That's who the hell we are."  
Whatever you choose to do, do something. With only two weeks before the election, we don't have a moment to lose.
"What I want to say to Hillary is, 'Thank you. You made a difference in my child's life.'" 
🤔 
Jim Lehrer was a steady voice for truth, a prolific writer, and the soul of @NewsHour. We’ll miss him. Bill and I send our condolences to his family.
Two shocking facts of this administration's failures to lead on COVID:1. The Pentagon offered HHS 2,000 ventilators but haven't been told where to send them2. The DOD offered 16 labs for processing tests two weeks ago, still not in 
.@Beyonce &amp;@S_C_ &amp;Hillary &amp;You? 
“Our next president, Ms. Hillary Clinton!” —@KingJames  
North Carolinians: Take advantage of @OnwardTogether partner @ArenaSummit’s trainings next month. They’ll prepare you to staff NC state legislature races, crucial for us to win for the forthcoming redistricting cycle. Apply by 2/29:  #ArenaAcademy
I thought everyone wanted my authentic, unvarnished views! But to be serious, the number one priority for our country and world is retiring Trump, and, as I always have, I will do whatever I can to support our nominee.
Tomorrow is Hillary's birthday! Make sure your name is on her card: 
In Texas, groups like @TXCivilRights and @MOVE_Texas argue that officials' decision to limit early voting at college campus sites specifically targets students. 
Tune in today at 2:30pm ET/11:30am PT! 
There were important wins for rights, too, including Floridians voting to restore the voting rights of 1 million of their fellow citizens and Nevada approving automatic voter registration.
"I believe that for each of us, our greatest monument on this earth won’t be what we build, but the lives we touch." —Hillary #AlSmithDinner
I've been heartbroken and horrified to read the news of children at the border being detained in appalling conditions. No soap, no toothbrushes, no beds. Not enough food, babies being forced to take care of babies, everyone sick.
The attack on the Orange County HQ @NCGOP office is horrific and unacceptable. Very grateful that everyone is safe.
Looking forward to a great discussion with my friend Dorothy and to a great day @UVA! Tune in: 
Women have the power to stop Trump. 
"If you disrespect women before you were president, you will disrespect women when you’re in office.” —@POTUS
Governors set the tone and direction for their states. They’re also our last line of defense against some of the Trump administration’s worst policies. So pick a candidate—or two or three—and help flip one of these 17 races. One week to go.
When we all show up on November 8, we'll secure @POTUS's legacy and build on our progress:  
I've got the kind of life you can't make up. See for yourself on @Hulu, March 6. 
As of today, there are 14 weeks until the midterm election, and they'll go by in a flash. Are your friends and family registered and ready to vote? 
Pam, who is raising her grandson because his parents are struggling with opioid addiction - a silent epidemic in so many communities. 
I wish @TyroneGayle could see this: his family and friends have created a scholarship in his name at his beloved Clemson University to open more doors for African-American students who want to get into politics. If you’d like, you can help fund it here: 
Last night I met Ke’Shon, Liv &amp; Kayla. Their stories about the impact of gun violence in this film by @GiffordsCourage are heart-wrenching. I'm so proud of them for showing the strength we need to fight for a safer future. Watch it and join them here: 
Take advantage of @IndivisibleTeam's virtual phone-banking tool to make calls reminding people to vote. Recruit some friends to join you and make an afternoon of it. 
If Brett Kavanaugh becomes a Supreme Court justice, will he help gut or overturn Roe v. Wade, which legalized abortion in America? Yes, of course he will.
Lawrence Ramos is a first generation American, a World War II and Korean War veteran, and a proud Hillary supporter. 
Know someone in Northern Virginia, specifically Fairfax or Loudoun County? They may have the chance to vote for @JenniferBoysko today in Senate District 33's special election. Spread the word—voting info here:  #KeepSD33
Following last week's great elections for Democrats (and our democracy), @arenasummit is laying the groundwork for an even better 2020. Get updates on their upcoming volunteer placement tool, staff and candidate trainings, and summits: 
For @politico I wrote about my friend, Ellen Tauscher, who passed away in 2019. She was an arms control expert, a feminist, a tireless negotiator, and a big-hearted friend and she woke up every day determined to make a difference. 
No one should have their right to vote taken away because of fines. The Florida GOP's measure requiring people to pay court-ordered fees before regaining access to the ballot is a modern-day poll tax unworthy of our democracy. 
“Immigrants and women move humanity forward.” Well said, @chefjoseandres. #Oscars
"She's in the arena for you, fighting every day to make sure everybody gets a fair shake.” —@POTUS on Hillary
Voter fraud—the justification for voter ID laws—has also been proven to be a virtually nonexistent problem. A recent Brennan Center report noted that an American is more likely to be struck by lightning than to impersonate someone else at the polls. 
Today was a victory for all Americans. 
2 sides take the field tomorrow, but we're all ultimately on one team.My thoughts are with the members of Congress, staff &amp; heroic police. 
Trump wants to bring NYC's old, unconstitutional stop-and-frisk policy—aka racial profiling—to a city near you. 
@EricBoehlert Right here:
Putin’s Puppet is at it again, taking Russian help for himself. He knows he can’t win without it. And we can’t let it happen. 
History, made:Last night, @49ers offensive assistant coach @katiesowers became the first woman and the first openly LGBT person to coach a team in the Super Bowl. #gutsywomen  
Back in Selma, Alabama this morning to kick off the #SelmaJubilee. Lots of events throughout the day. Tune into the Unity Breakfast where I’ll talk about the fight for voting rights &amp; how it must be central to a 21st century civil rights movement.
The National Immigrant Justice Center, or @NIJC, helps asylum-seekers win their cases and fights against renewed attempts to separate and jail more families. 
"I want to be every single American’s president…I believe we can disagree without being disagreeable.” —Hillary #StrongerTogether
The wildfires in California aren't just one state's crisis. With 77 reported dead and 993 missing, they are a national crisis. To pitch in to a United Way fund for those affected by the wildfires in southern California, text UWVC to 41444. 
"Freedom is never really won. You earn it and win it in every generation." —Coretta Scott King #MLKDay 
More terrific work from a group of progressives working to turn activism into lasting action. Congratulations to @arenasummit on announcing their latest class of fellows today. #OnwardTogether 
As we celebrate Grandparents Day, I am so pleased to announce “Grandma’s Gardens,” a new picture book Chelsea and I have co-authored together. It’s a multi-generational story inspired by my mother, Dorothy, and I can’t wait to share it with you.  
.@ChelseaClinton and I had a lot of conversations about this:What does it mean to be a gutsy woman?It's about never giving up—and working to pave the way for the next generation: 
Our democracy should work for everyone. House Democrats have passed a bill that would fix it through:- Automatic voter registration- Early voting everywhere- Public election financing- An end to gerrymanderingCall your senators and ask them to support #HR1: (202) 224-3121
This is...unhinged, even for Trump. A few notes. 
Thank you, @DewSteele, for turning @EmergeAmerica into a powerful force to recruit and train Democratic women to run for office. With 690 Emerge alumni in office, you've helped transform our country’s representation, and (after a good rest!) I can't wait to see what you do next.
Everyone should encourage their elected officials and candidates to sign this pledge! Fairer districts means our voices as voters are better represented in policy decisions that affect all of us—it's really that simple. 
As I said in my keynote celebrating the essential work of @heartlandhelps: We have to affirm that torture, physical and psychological, is wrong and will not be tolerated—whether it happens in a prison in Syria or in a cage on our southern border. 
Trump's already threatened our national security. That'll be the tip of the iceberg if he becomes president. 
I hope everyone has a chance to read @MichelleObama's wonderful new memoir, Becoming. Michelle's fierce intelligence, sharp wit, and beautiful soul comes through on every page. Thank you for sharing your story with us, my friend. 
Looking forward to a great show for a great cause, and seeing all my favorite Broadway stars' homemade soundstages. 🎤 
In honor of Trump's relentless pursuit of any conspiracy theory, presenting a stylish update to his famous hats:  
Happy anniversary! Latino Victory has made amazing strides in growing Latino political power and increasing Latino representation at every level of government, and I'm so proud to call you an @OnwardTogether partner. 
"We trust American women."Thank you, @TimKaine. #VPDebate
Thanks to Sky CEO Jeremy Darroch for the chat about why it's so close to my heart. Interested students can apply here:
The honor was mine! 
Until he retired recently, Ambassador Bill Burns was the most senior official in the foreign service. His new book, The Back Channel, is another great act of public service in its wise and plainspoken account of the power and purpose of American diplomacy.  
The holidays are a time to be thankful for our blessings. Let's rejoice in this season &amp; look forward with renewed hope &amp; determination. -H
Earlier this month, Scrabble updated its list of approved words for game play for the first time in four years ("ivesssapology" and "covfefe" were not among them).But those changes aren't yet reflected in the Scrabble app. 👎Where are we on this, @Hasbro? 🤷
There's ample evidence that Republicans in office have pursued gerrymandered maps to shut out people of color from our political process. I'm disappointed but not surprised about today's anti-democratic decision.
A guide to help you make your choice for president. 
"The thought of Donald Trump with nuclear weapons scares me to death. It should scare everyone." 
"Justice Dept. strongly discouraged Comey on move in Clinton email case" —@NYTimes 
Small islands contribute the least to climate change but often suffer the worst of its consequences. At the CGI Action Network today, we talked about how to build resilience to natural disasters in communities on the sharp end of climate change. 
"She knows that in a democracy as big and diverse as this, we can't demonize each other.” —@POTUS on Hillary
Trump on equal pay: "Do as good a job" as men.Abortion? Should be "punished."Pregnancy? An "inconvenience."Wives working? "Dangerous."
Enjoy! See you all tomorrow! 🍕🤗💪 
242 years ago, we set out to build a more perfect union. We’re not finished yet. Happy Fourth of July. 
Donald Trump built numerous squandered businesses on the backs of taxpayers—and he hasn't even paid his fair share. 
There are 1,600 offices on the ballot in Virginia's state elections this fall. Help @RunForSomething recruit great Democratic candidates by sending this link to friends in the state who should run for office: 
Yesterday, the New York state legislature voted to pass new bills allowing early voting, pre-registration for 16- and 17-year-olds, and consolidated state and federal primaries. They're great first steps to fixing our democracy. Congratulations to all, and let's keep going!
"I'm with her!" —@Beyonce 
For voters in Georgia and elsewhere who are waiting in long lines to vote: You have the right to vote as long as you're in line when the polls close. Please stay in line, encourage those around you to do the same, and help bring this home for @StaceyAbrams. #StayInLine 
"She's got the temperament, the knowledge, the steady hand to be the next Commander-in-Chief.” —@POTUS on Hillary
Trump has a history of boasting about his donations to charity—and little history of seriously donating to charity. 
Taking the stage at Stanford to talk about threats to western democracy - and what we can do about them. Tune in!
If you're voting for Hillary, don't stop there. We need to support Democrats down the ticket. Here's why: 
Trump "apparently got to avoid paying taxes for nearly two decades—while tens of millions of working families paid theirs." 
"The right of citizens of the United States to vote in any primary or other election... shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or any State by reason of failure to pay any poll tax or other tax." Amendment 24, Section 1. 
While Donald continues day 5 of his Machado meltdown, we'll be in Florida talking about national service. You'll want to watch.
The choice we face on climate change. 
"27 million strong all ready to vote for freedom, equality, and reason—traits that seem to have gone out of season." 
Equality is on the ballot.Justice is on the ballot.Our progress is on the ballot.  
If your friends and family aren't registered, they can't make their voices heard in this fall's critical midterm elections. Take one minute right now to share this link with them via text, email, Facebook message, or carrier pigeon: 
“I believe that we should have a confident, optimistic, inclusive vision of where we’re going and how we’re going to get there.” —Hillary
On #InternationalWomensDay and every day, let’s say out loud once more that women’s rights are human rights—and no administration, political party, court, legislature, or biased attitudes can change that. 
I agree with Chelsea: We all have a real responsibility to protect each other right now. 
When Mike Pence says he and Donald Trump won't raise taxes, he's lying.  #VPDebate
"You are right about Islamophobia, and it's a shame." —Donald Trump, who proposed a ban on Muslims entering the U.S. 
The Trump administration opened a new assault on Americans' health care yesterday by telling a federal appeals court that the entire law should be struck down. It's a sickening attack on people with pre-existing conditions, seniors, and young people. 
Follow @TheBriefing2016 during tonight's debate so you can help hold Trump accountable to the facts. RT to spread the word. #DebateNight
We will not step backward. If this is not who we are as Americans, let's prove it.
By Monday, @OnwardTogether partner @arenasummit will have trained almost 1,000 new staffers for progressive campaigns through #ArenaAcademy. Sign up to be notified when applications for the next training open up: 
The same guy who probably didn't pay federal taxes for 18 years is OK raising taxes on millions in the middle-class. Sound right to you?
It's 3:20am. As good a time as any to tweet about national service. 
Love this. Follow Madeleine's lead and apply! #AllTheHouses 
Kavanaugh ruled to let CEOs decide to deny their employees insurance coverage for no co-pay birth control.
With threats &amp; hate crimes on rise, we shouldn't have to tell @POTUS to do his part. He must step up &amp; speak out.
With just 5 days until Election Day, watch Hillary speak live in North Carolina: 
Women’s rights are human rights. That was a radical idea back in 1995. It shouldn’t still be two decades later.
Families across America had to start 2018 worried that their kids wouldn’t have health care. Failing to act now shows the true face of Republicans &amp; their donor-driven immoral agenda. You control the Senate agenda @SenateMajLdr. Enough is enough.
This is the most groundbreaking Crim Pro I’ve seen since I taught it at Arkansas myself (during the late Middle Ages, after the bubonic plague and before the coronavirus). 
The administration just put a gag rule in place that bars Title X health care providers from referring patients for safe and legal abortions. It's an attack on Planned Parenthood and 1.6 million patients who may not be able to afford care anywhere else. #IStandWithPP #NoGagRule
First: We’ve got to mobilize turnout in the midterms. There are fantastic candidates all over the country who’ll do great things, and we could finally see some congressional oversight of the White House.
We are seeing large numbers of people turning out, breaking records.Make sure you’re ready to vote, too: 
Sen. @kamalaharris asked Brett Kavanaugh last week: "Can you think of any laws that give the government the power to make decisions about the male body?" He said he was not. Because there are none.
Can't wait. Join us! 
"When you try to sow the seeds of doubt in people's minds about the legitimacy of our elections—then that undermines our democracy." —@POTUS
Newspapers across the country are almost exclusively endorsing Hillary over Trump. 
"We have a chance to elect a 45th president who will build on our progress, who will finish the job.” —@POTUS
Congratulations to Gov. @JohnBelForLa for winning a new term as governor of Louisiana—and to New Orleans and @mayorcantrell for voter access and mobilization that helped lead to the city's 90% vote share for Edwards! #geauxvote
It's more important than ever this week to remember the children who have still not been reunited with their families after this administration separated them at the border months ago. Vote to repudiate this horrendous policy. Vote to reject the bigotry that led to it.
When Trump trivializes the sacrifice of our military and veterans, he makes it clear: He has no idea what service to this country means. 
At least 32 million nurses, caregivers, and food service workers in America don't have access to any paid sick leave. It's morally wrong and, as the coronavirus crisis makes clear, it puts us all at risk. 
Russia’s seizure last week of three Ukrainian boats and their 24 crew members in the Kerch Strait is a significant Russian military escalation with respect to Ukraine and the latest attempt by Russia to control key areas in and around Ukraine.
They tell me about 10% of first-time candidates usually win, but 40% of @runforsomething candidates came out on top yesterday.
"If we have a president who...brags about sexually assaulting women, then how can we maintain our moral authority in the world?" —@FLOTUS
"We want a president who understands that this nation was built by people who came here from all corners of the world." —@FLOTUS
Watch &amp; prepare to tear up. Thanks @jimmykimmel for sharing your story &amp; reminding us what's at stake w/health care.
"Everyone knows how bright she is and how resilient she is, but...they're going to see how much she cares." —@JoeBiden 
"If a candidate regularly and flippantly makes cruel and insulting comments about women...that's who that candidate really is." —@FLOTUS 
"When you work full-time, you shouldn’t still be living in poverty, worrying about whether you can put food on the table.” —Hillary
This is heartbreaking. No child in America should feel afraid to practice their religion or embrace their heritage. 
When I met @MeehanBM she was a bright young foreign service officer. Now she’s leading a panel of fellow senior diplomats to kick off our “Future of Diplomacy” symposium today at 
Congrats to @DNC chair @TomPerez &amp; deputy @keithellison. Excited for strong, unified party standing for best of our country into the future.
Watch live: @POTUS hits the trail for Hillary in North Carolina with just 6 days to go → 
This is a great way to help fight the fires in the Amazon. One hundred percent of donations go to partners working on the ground: 
"Nobody respects women more than me." —Donald TrumpOther things he's said about women: 
Wow. In just the few short hours since I tweeted, this community has donated nearly $150,000 to support these groups’ critical work. If you’re as heartbroken and infuriated about what’s happening as I am, help keep it going:  
But this fight isn't over yet and we can't forget who it's about. Here are some stories...
.@BillClinton on the 20th anniversary of the Columbine school shooting: “The powerful example of today’s young activists, and the enduring commitment of Columbine survivors and their supporters, give us hope that we can pass sensible gun legislation.” 
Under @jacindaardern's leadership, New Zealand has banned assault rifles and military-style semi-automatic weapons just six days after the Christchurch mosque attacks. Public servants didn't stop at offering thoughts and prayers. They chose to act. 
Georgia's secretary of state, Brian Kemp, is overseeing his own election for governor and has put 53,000 voter registrations on hold, 70% of them from black voters, because they don't adhere to an "exact match" standard of name spellings. 
"If you want hope instead of fear, then you will elect Hillary Clinton as president of the United States.” —@POTUS 
“The Director owes it to the American people to immediately provide the full details of what he is now examining.” 
Six reasons you need to vote, courtesy of @FLOTUS.  
People suffer from mental illness in every other country on earth; people play video games in virtually every other country on earth.The difference is the guns.
In 70 countries, it's still a crime to be LGBTQ+. Hope you'll listen to this important conversation about pride, progress, and the work we still have to do for equality. #Stonewall50 
To make change this year, don't just vote--volunteer. Commit to taking action in this year's midterms starting now, but especially on #TheLastWeekend when it matters most.
If you want a career in politics but don’t know where to start, take a look at the @TrainDems staff academy. Their mission is to recruit, train, and help place the next generation of Democratic campaign staff: 
The presidency doesn’t change who you are—it reveals who you are. And we’ve seen all we need to of Donald Trump.
.@ColorOfChange and @DomesticWorkers have spent the last two years waging campaigns to defend civil rights against the administration's attacks and building powerful communities for change.
Love this tribute to community colleges and their talented students! 
Only 71 left! Hurry and save $10 on the Art of Politics tote here:  
“More than 16.5 million people have already voted in this election.” —HillaryJoin them: 
As millions of people around the country pull together to save lives and keep each other healthy, I wanted to take a moment to share what a few of our @OnwardTogether partners and grantees have done to fill gaps in our systems and keep pushing for progress. I'm grateful for them.
"He was a failure at business…and by wrecking his business, he wrecked the lives of his workers.” —Hillary on Trump
So exciting! 
Reminder: Donald Trump may not have paid any federal income taxes for 18 years, but wants to give his family a $4 billion tax cut. #VPDebate
@emilyslist Their determination &amp; passion is truly inspiring. And I can't wait to see what this new generation of women leaders accomplishes. Onward!
I talk a lot about reading, singing, &amp; talking to your children so they have the tools they need when they enter school. @bethkobliner takes the next step, teaming up with the great Kate McKinnon to teach kids financial literacy. It’s fun, check it out! 
"I voted for Hillary Clinton because I am absolutely confident that when she is president, this country will be in good hands.” —@POTUS 
Congratulations to everyone graduating this spring!Remember, it's not whether you get knocked down that matters—it's whether you get back up and keep going. 
Get out and vote.Get everybody you know to vote.This is one of the most consequential elections in our lifetimes. 
The future of our economy is at stake.LGBT equality is at stake.Equal pay for women is at stake.Go vote: 
When @RunForSomething launched, they expected to find 100 people who wanted to run for local office. Instead, they've recruited 17,000 young candidates in all 50 states, built a network of 6,000 volunteers, and endorsed 308 candidates. Their new goal: recruit 50k candidates.
Important legislation introduced yesterday: The Reproductive Rights Are Human Rights Act would correct the Trump administration's dangerous decision to remove reporting on reproductive rights from the State Department's annual reports on human rights practices around the world.
We have another chance to make progress this fall, when eight brave candidates for Congress will be on the ballot facing some of the gun lobby's biggest defenders.
"Google it." —Hillary  #DebateNight
"I'm also honored to have the greatest temperament that anybody has." —Donald TrumpAbout that: 
@Astrid_NV @iammarleydias @aijenpoo @domesticworkers @reshmasaujani @ColleenFlangan @SybrinaFulton @GwenCarrERIC @MariaHa05153239 @lucymcbath @IamMikesMother @pwcdanica @NadiaMuradBasee @TaranaBurke founder of the #MeToo movement — and catalyst for a sea change in our national dialogue. 
We need to bring technical education back to our schools: 
Three of my favorites—@aliciagarza, @aijenpoo, and @aminatou—talk on Alicia and Ai-jen's new @sunstormpod about Shine Theory and the power women generate when we get together to make change. The key: "I don't shine if you don't shine."  
The energy we’re seeing out there isn’t just about what we’re against—it’s about what we’re for: a future in which everyone counts.
Glad to see this important voice join the fight to end a heartbreakingly harmful practice: The American Medical Association has called for a nationwide ban on so-called "conversion therapy." 
Virginians: my friends @RalphNortham @FairfaxJustin @MarkHerringVA need you to show up and vote to get across the finish line.
To all the candidates, staff, and volunteers who have worked their hearts out for presidential campaigns that have ended—remember that fighting for what you believe in is always worth it.
Hi, London! I made a surprise stop at the Sky Leadership event to announce a new scholarship program from @SkyUK &amp; @SwanseaUni. It’ll give students the chance to design a one-year master's at The Hillary Rodham Clinton School of Law to study issues relating to children’s welfare. 
Mitch McConnell reportedly has no interest in putting the #ForThePeople Act up to a vote in the Senate. Kentuckians: If you agree that we need to get money out of our politics and protect the right to vote, make sure he hears from you. 
"If his closest advisors don’t trust him to tweet, why would any of us trust him with the nuclear codes?” —@POTUS on Trump
This is an attack on the humanity of transgender people and it cannot stand. Let's send a clear message that we won't sit back and allow this type of discrimination in two weeks at the ballot box. 
"The Dispatch urges voters to elect Hillary Clinton." —@DispatchAlerts  #OHVotesEarly
The theater adaptation of Network, @NetworkBway, makes Paddy Chayefsky's story about the blurring of news and entertainment feel more relevant than ever. @BryanCranston, @TonyGoldwyn, and @TatianaMaslany are wonderful in it. Go see it at the Belasco Theatre if you can.
When Kavanaugh called birth control "abortion-inducing drugs," he made it clear that safe and legal abortion isn't the only fundamental reproductive right at grave risk if he is confirmed. Access to birth control is, too.
YES! 
In honor of National Voter Registration Day, I want to highlight some  tools you can use to get registered to vote and register friends. With only six weeks before the election, it's all hands on deck.
"This is a woman who really does care." 
"He may be up at 3am, but it’s because he’s tweeting insults at somebody who got under his skin.” —@POTUS on Trump
"It’s not just what we’re against that should motivate you to go to the polls.It’s what we are for.” —Hillary 
As we mourn another school shooting and yet more tragic, needless deaths, let's resolve to act. Brian is right. Donate to @SwingLeft's Senate Fund to win back the majority and put urgent gun safety legislation in place: 
I'm so happy to see candidates winning the right to use campaign funds for child care. We need more moms in office. 
On #WorldTeachersDay, it's not enough to appreciate teachers. We have to support them like America's future is in their hands—because it is. 
We set out to do this nationally, but thrilled that New York is getting it done. Let's hope it's the first of many. Text College to 81336. 
We passed bipartisan comprehensive reform when I was a senator, but House Republicans killed it. Since then, the GOP has refused to make progress and instead uses the issue to divide our country.
Donald Trump refused to say that he’d respect the results of this election.That’s a direct threat to our democracy.
Congratulations Tammy! 
Today is #EqualPayDay, marking how far into 2019 women have to work to match men's earnings from 2018. It's a good day to call your senators and ask them to support the Paycheck Fairness Act: 

When people ask me what we should do now, my answer is clear: The most important thing you can do is vote in every election. 
Looking forward to being a part of #MAKERSConference2018 and talking about how we can all raise our voices.  Watch live and #RaiseYourVoice Weds 2/7 at 2:30pm ET/11:30am PT. Learn more here: 
If they win, they’ll do great things for America. Let's exercise our birthright as Americans today, put those people in office, and continue the hard work of saving our democracy. It'll take all of us. Happy Election Day.
In Mike Pence's defense, we wouldn't want to defend Donald Trump, either. #VPDebate 
Every American has the right to voice their support for democracy and human rights for Hong Kong. Full stop.
Right here. Includes radical provisions like how not to kick 23 mil ppl off their coverage. Feel free to run w/it. 
If you’ve already voted, jump on the phone and remind voters in key battleground states to go vote:  
First, some history. The 2013 Supreme Court case Shelby v. Holder gutted the 1965 Voting Rights Act by ruling that states with a history of voter suppression no longer needed the federal government to approve changes to voting rules.
We've made extraordinary progress under @POTUS. On November 8, that progress is on the ballot. 
Today at noon: Speak out and fight back to protest the wave of recent abortion bans. Find an event near you:  #StopTheBans
"It is great to be in the state that’s going to send Hillary Clinton to the White House!” —@ElizabethForMA in New Hampshire
The Iranian people, especially the young, are protesting for the freedom and future they deserve. I hope their government responds peacefully and supports their hopes.
Bill and I are deeply saddened by the passing of our dear friend Ellen Tauscher. Ellen woke up every day determined to make a difference, and make a difference she did. 
Take a moment today to help. Call your representatives and urge them to vote yes on the Dignity for Detained Immigrants Act, which would help protect families in detention and make sure they are treated with respect: 202-224-3121 #UntilEveryFamilyIsReunited 
"All that progress is at stake if we don't do the right thing over these last 19 days." —@POTUS 
I’m really concerned for North and South Carolinians dealing with such dangerous flooding. Please heed the latest warnings &amp; stay safe. -H
Hurricane #Matthew is a major storm. I urge everyone to follow emergency instructions and evacuate if you're told to. Stay safe Florida. -H 
Georgians, spread the word: The deadline is 5pm today for people who voted with paper ballots to make sure their votes are counted. 
Trump talks tough on trade and Chinese steel hurting American workers—but he bought Chinese steel for two of his last three buildings.
Mayor Ed Lee’s death is a terrible loss for the people of San Francisco. He was a good friend &amp; a vocal advocate for the city he served &amp; loved. My thoughts are with his family.
We believe that no matter what you look like or where your parents were born or who you love, you have the right to be treated equally.
Bill’s speech brought tears to my eyes. Wanted to share it. Watch if you want to be inspired today. 
An icon turns 50. Jay-Z's story is as American a tale as they come—full of poetry, hard work, and pushing for progress on issues he cares about. (For more, I recommend @MichaelEDyson's definitive biography.) Happy birthday, @S_C_! 
Today, we remember #Parkland and the 17 people whose lives were cruelly taken at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High two years ago. In the words of @AMarch4OurLives: "We remember them with love. We honor them with action."
In America, we build bridges, not walls.Let’s go out and prove that love trumps hate. 
“Changing the type of people who are empowered to run for office, manage campaigns, and move up in elected office does not happen automatically.” New research from the Pipeline Initiative on what stops people from running, and what we can all do to help:  
Then, find out when and where you'll vote. Depending on where you live, your state might make early voting available. Minnesota is already casting ballots! 
No matter where we or our ancestors are from, millions of Americans will sit down together to break bread today. It's a wonderful reminder that our country is both a place and an idea—where anyone can find a home to breathe free. Happy Thanksgiving!
I'm disgusted by legislators' refusal to address the reality that this equipment needs to be regulated. We don’t need any more evidence that lives are at stake, and 12 more people just paid a terrible price for continuing inaction.
He said that “In the immigration context, the government has never taken a stand against the protection of kids in this country. For the first time, it is now formally taking a position that explicitly goes against the best interests of kids.”
My new afterword for "What Happened" is excerpted in @TheAtlantic. It's about the constitutional crisis building in our democracy and why we should all be focused, determined and, yes, optimistic as we work to save our country. 
This week we lost 17 Americans in Parkland - the deadliest school shooting since Sandy Hook in 2012. Since then, 438 people have been shot and 138 killed in over 230 school shootings. That’s 5 school shootings every month, 16 of which classify as “mass shootings.”
Some background: All branches of the U.S. government use the State Department's human rights reports to shape policy and inform decision-making around diplomacy and allocations of aid and security.
If you read one thing before tonight's debate, make it this: 
I, our country, and Twitter will miss @JohnDingell’s quick wit, good heart, and profound sense of patriotism. My thoughts are with @RepDebDingell, the whole Dingell family, and the wide community of friends, constituents, and fellow Americans who admired and respected him.
No parent should pay more than 10% of their income on quality child care.
So proud &amp; honored to be in Galveston today. Wherever you are, you can watch live here:# 
“When the going gets tough, Hillary is the person we want on our side because she never gives up. She never quits.” —@FLOTUS
In 2017, the Women’s March was a beacon of hope and defiance. In 2018, it is a testament to the power and resilience of women everywhere. Let’s show that same power in the voting booth this year. #PowerToThePolls
This was not actually a hard question."I strongly support Roe v. Wade." —Hillary #DebateNight
"Nobody respects women more than me." —Donald Trump earlier tonight"Such a nasty woman." —Donald Trump just now #DebateNight
.@CollectivePAC helped elect over 54 African Americans to local, state and federal offices, trained over 300 operatives and staff through the Black Campaign School, and engaged over 1.5 million black voters.
About to speak at beautiful Queen's University in Belfast to talk about all that’s been achieved in the 20 years since the Good Friday Agreement, and what the future can hold for all of us. 
.@JasonKander’s openness and honesty about his PTSD is a service to his fellow vets and the rest of us, too. Wishing you all the best. 
If you're studying global health, or just want to feed your inner wonk, check out my wonderful daughter &amp; @devisridhar's new book. 
“[Trump] deducted somebody else’s losses." 
Seriously: Don't just vote this year. Volunteer. 
On the one hand, the president makes nonstop outlandish claims in his recent @ABC interview about my campaign and Russia. On the other hand: Paul Manafort, Michael Cohen, Roger Stone, Michael Flynn, Rick Gates, George Papadopoulos, and the entire Mueller report.
I enjoyed telling @annfriedman about one of the many times I'm glad I followed my mother's advice. Eighteen years old and away from home for the first time, I considered leaving Wellesley College. Mom told me to stick with it. I'm so glad I did. 
Diplomacy is not the pursuit of perfection. It is the balancing of risk. So far, the administration has consciously chosen a dangerous path leading to a riskier future. But diplomacy is still the only way for the administration to climb out of the hole they’ve dug.
Voting should be easy. But as we saw with seven-hour lines in Texas on Tuesday, Republicans put up barriers to voters casting their ballots. We've got to fight back and win, and @marceelias is showing the way. Join the fight:  #DemocracyDocket
"I want to be a president for all Americans: Democrats, Republicans, Independents. Not just people who support me, but everyone.” —Hillary
"We both believe every child should have the chance to live up to his or her God-given potential” —Hillary on LeBron 
Tune in now! 
Thank you, @StaceyAbrams, for fighting for Georgia and for the integrity of our elections. Everyone should be able to exercise their right to vote. Every vote should be counted.
The Supreme Court needs to stand on the side of the American people, not on the side of the powerful and wealthy. 
Never heard of a “blue collar worker” losing nearly $1 billion in a year and cheating hundreds of other workers in the process. 
Her U.S. asylum officer opens up the State Department's human rights reports and finds no information about those 17 women imprisoned for miscarrying or El Salvador's abortion ban. He deems she has no credible fear of persecution if she returns home. He denies her application.
More people are voting in this election than ever before. Make a plan to vote today:  
In 2018, @LatinoVictoryUS increased their endorsed candidates 500% over the previous year. Of their 58 candidates, 43 candidates won, bringing their 2018 win rate to a whopping 74%. The number of Democratic Latina members of Congress nearly doubled.
Kids in Need of Defense, @supportKIND, represents unaccompanied children in court and gives them a chance to be reunited with their families. 
Trump said pregnancy is an inconvenience for employers.He dismisses the pay gap.He said wages are too high.He wants to defund @PPact.
Happy Labor Day. There's no better time to talk about why workers’ rights would suffer if Brett Kavanaugh, whose hearings for a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court start tomorrow, is confirmed.
"You wanna give me a good send off? Go knock on some doors.” —@POTUS: 
Today's the deadline to apply for a spot in a campaign training program run by @arenasummit, an @onwardtogether partner. If you're an aspiring organizer, campaign staffer, or candidate, you can't ask for a better opportunity to learn the ropes.  
Today marks 241 years of service and sacrifice from the @USNavy. To all sailors serving, past and present, and their families—thank you.
"We trust American women." —@TimKaine on a woman's right to abortion 
Returning home after the final week of the book tour for 2017.  This was the last copy of What Happened I signed at our final signing in Seattle. What a terrific journey this has been so far, thank you to all who came out &amp; told me your stories. 
Pope Francis this week in the Arabian Peninsula, the first papal trip there in history: “You are a choir composed of numerous nations, languages and rites; a diversity that the Holy Spirit loves and wants to harmonize ever more, in order to make a symphony." Amen.
@chefjoseandres You are an inspiration, my friend.
Proud to have the endorsement of General Powell, a decorated soldier and distinguished statesman.  -H
"With continued growth in emissions at historic rates, annual losses in some economic sectors are projected to reach hundreds of billions of dollars by the end of the century—more than the current GDP of many U.S. states."
In the space of a week, two young Parkland survivors have taken their own lives.Nothing is worth the tremendous costs our young people bear because of our inaction on guns.
.@ElizabethforMA is making calls for Hillary. Join her:  
@cmclymer @ChelseaClinton Thank YOU, Charlotte, for all you do, and well done on that fabulous white suit!
Too many families have been ripped apart by gun violence. We need to bring people together to reform our laws. 
.@BillClinton on pre-debate jitters (his) and Hillary's favorite TV shows, now playing on With Her:  
@ELaffGarb @DHochsprung @ELaffGarb, thinking of you, @nelba_MG, and all the Sandy Hook families this week. Thank you for your courage.
Florida in the rain. 
Grateful to the Senate Finance Committee for passing a strong and much needed bipartisan reauthorization bill. Now, let's get this done. 6/7
For 30 years, @JoeBiden has known Hillary as a public servant, global leader, and friend. Here's why he's with her: 
"Hillary knows that our country is powerful and vibrant and strong—big enough to have a place for all of us." —@FLOTUS
Our neighbors in battleground states need your help. Make calls to remind Hillary supporters to go vote: 
I'm grateful to the members of Congress who have visited camps at the border over the last couple of days to hold a light to the nightmarish conditions there. We need more oversight. We need accountability. We need them now.
Puerto Ricans, united, shall never be defeated. 🇵🇷 
"Less than 100 years ago, women did not have the right to vote. Look how far we’ve come.” —@Beyonce 
We’ve got to take on discrimination &amp; bigotry.We can’t accept as normal what we’re seeing across this country because of Trump’s campaign.
Support Samantha Bee &amp; Planned Parenthood &amp; buy a Nasty Woman t-shirt! 
Hillary's advice to girls everywhere:"There's nothing wrong with knowing what you want and going after it." 
"I was denied an apartment in the Trump buildings based on the color of my skin."This is Mae Wiggins's story: 
In 2001, Hillary worked to support and rebuild New York after 9/11. Trump pocketed emergency funds for himself.  
Forty-six years after Roe v. Wade, we reaffirm what will always be true: Women have an unalienable right to make their own decisions about their health care. 
It will also be harder to deal with other threats like ballistic missiles and terrorism. Now we have no leverage and Iran is free to do what it wants. Read what President Obama wrote about it here:
The administration is now seven weeks late in meeting its deadline to reunite families they separated at the border. Hundreds of families have spent the past seven weeks waiting and worrying. There's no possible excuse for continuing to keep them apart. #FamiliesBelongTogether
“As we look into the eyes of our children...the stakes in this election could not be more clear.” —@FLOTUS
There are over 400,000 kids in America's foster care system. A small thing you can do to help: Talk about it.  
It’s my great privilege to become @QUBelfast's 11th—and first female—chancellor. It's a place I have great fondness for and have grown a strong relationship with over the years, and I’m proud to be an ambassador for its excellence. 
"Hillary has always been a champion for children and their futures." —@KingJames 
Watching the mayor’s race in Denver and pulling for @MayorHancock—he’s a proven progressive leader who will work hard for Colorado.
Where are you striking for climate action today? #FridaysForFuture 
Thank YOU for leading the way on this issue. 
.@dg4az is a husband, dad, veteran and teacher who will fight for education and root out corruption in Arizona. David is a national education expert who will invest in schools so all of Arizona’s children can live up to their God-given potential. 
"Racism and sexism and bigotry have no place in our country.” —@ElizabethForMA in New Hampshire
.@FLOTUS, I'm in awe. Thanks for putting into words what's in so many of our hearts. -H
You go girl! This is important; costs will go up, &amp; powerful companies will get more powerful. We can’t let it slip through the cracks. 
Last week, Sheriff Joe Arpaio was charged with contempt of court for racially profiling Latinos.Donald Trump supports him.
The next Supreme Court justice could shift the court to the right for decades, with devastating consequences for reproductive rights, health care, workers' rights, and voting rights.
Happy #Juneteenth. Let's celebrate our victories and communities as we keep working for a more perfect union.
"He demeans and humiliates women as if we're objects...rather than human beings worthy of love and respect." —@FLOTUS on Trump
I'm so sorry to hear of Freia David’s passing. I came to know her story when the Boston Globe reported on how a little retirement party to mark 32 years at McDonald's became a 100-person celebration, so loved was Freia. Her life reaffirmed our differences only make us stronger.
Terrifying. #DebateNight 
If Hillary tried to fact-check Donald in real time, she wouldn't have time for anything else. So, here:  #debate
"Hombres"? #DebateNight
“I believe America’s best days are still ahead of us.” —Hillary 
I’m so honored to be giving the commencement at @Hunter_College today. See you this afternoon at MSG!
Trump: "Health care—why didn't she do something about it?"Here's Hillary in 1993, testifying for health care reform. #debate 
This #SpiritDay, let's take a stand for LGBT youth and send a clear message to all our kids: In the end, bullies always lose. -H 
With Republican secretaries of state pursuing voter suppression tactics in states across the country, it's more important than ever that we elect officials who will make sure every eligible citizen can vote. Kudos to @iVoteFund and @KatieHobbs. 
Share stories of the families who are being torn apart by these policies. We all need to be clear as Americans about what's being done in our name, and how we can work together to fix it. 
Donate your time or money to their campaigns if you can. Our government should represent us, and Congress is only 20% women right now. Let's change that ratio!
One thing I’m grateful for are vaccines that save lives. Let’s all do our part to counter anti-vaccination disinformation that threatens lives. 
The reports of crackdowns on protesters, overflowing hospitals, and internet blackouts in Iran are very disturbing. The situation calls for investigations and accountability.
A person who implies that veterans suffering from PTS are not "strong" is unfit to be Commander-in-Chief. Period. 
Don't stand still. Vote today:  #ElectionDay #MannequinChallenge 
Two-year-olds in detention. Children forced to take care of other children. Not enough food or water. Demand accountability from your Republican representatives for allowing this administration to cage children and keep them in unconscionable conditions. 
"We have seen that our nation is more deeply divided than we thought. But I still believe in America—and I always will." —Hillary
Our metric for success should be how many kids can go as far as their dreams and hard work will take them. 
If you've got Hillary's back, tonight is the night to show it. Chip in before the debate to say you're with her: 
Chelsea &amp; I wrote a book called Grandma’s Gardens about Chelsea's gardening with my mom &amp; my gardening with my grandkids. I can't wait until we can all safely spend time outside with our loved ones again—and we'll look forward to sharing more with you when this crisis is over. 🌸 
It's been three weeks since the deadline for the administration to reunify families it separated at the border. Today, 565 children are still reportedly separated from their parents. #FamiliesBelongTogether
Bill, Chelsea, and I loved seeing @hbrikin's beautiful play #WhatTheConstitutionMeansToMe at @NYTW79. It's an empowering call to consider what it means to be a citizen. Go see it at the Greenwich House Theater if you can!
.@Schwarzenegger is right: Nearly 60 million Americans live under the rule of a party that didn't win the majority of their votes. And we need to fix it. 
Momentous news in world health: The 2 billionth lifesaving, insecticide-treated mosquito net will be distributed this year. Global cooperation and U.S. leadership has helped millions of children in Africa grow up malaria-free.  #EndMalaria 
Let's all keep the brave sailors of the USS Fitzgerald in our thoughts &amp; prayers this weekend.
A movie recommendation as you #StayHome this weekend: “Slay the Dragon” is an inspiring new film from @participant about how America falls short of every vote counting equally—and how all of us can fight back. It begins streaming today. 
"My vision for America is an America where everyone has a place. This is the America that I know and love." —Hillary 
If a candidate begins his career running a company that discriminates against people of color, what kind of president will he be? 
New Yorkers and Oklahomans: Today is your last chance to register to vote. Take two minutes now to check your registration, and nudge friends to do the same—don't let them miss their chance to vote. 
"I sorta get away with things like that." —Donald Trump, on bursting into Miss Universe pageant dressing rooms 
One of my favorite @ClintonFdn podcast conversations to date:The Honorable, the notorious, and the seriously gutsy Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. 
By requiring annual reporting on women's access to basic health care like contraception, safe abortion, and maternal health care around the world, Congress can make sure the rights of women and girls will no longer be up for grabs in each election.
“I can’t believe I’m saying a candidate for president of the United States has bragged about sexually assaulting women.” —@FLOTUS
"Trump is the worst major-party candidate this republic has ever produced." —@ForeignPolicy 
.@OnwardTogether partners @SwingLeft, @ArenaSummit, and @RunForSomething are on the case. Join the fight to win back legislative chambers in nine critical states in 2020:  
The Children's Health Insurance Program, which provides health care for 9 million kids &amp; has been reauthorized on a bipartisan basis every year for almost 2 decades, is hanging in limbo because Congress let it expire over 2 months ago.
What a wonderful sight this is. 
If Republicans prevail in court:- 20 million people will lose coverage- Protections for pre-existing conditions will be gone- Young people won't be able to stay on their parents' plans until age 26- Limits on coverage will return- Caps on out-of-pocket expenses will be gone
Here's how Trump reacts when he loses an Emmy, the Iowa caucus, a primary, and polls. So yeah, he seems fit for the presidency. #DebateNight 
“We cannot afford to squander this opportunity, particularly given the alternative.” —@FLOTUS:  
After his lawyers advised against it, Trump used a "legally dubious" strategy to avoid paying taxes for years. 
Found my emails at the Venice Biennale. Someone alert the House GOP. 
"When your children and grandchildren ask what you did in 2016...I hope you’ll say you voted for a better America.” —Hillary
RT this to make sure everyone you know is registered to vote:  #Debate 
So thrilled to be giving the commencement at @ARMathSciArts today. You can tune in here: 
Captain Humayun Khan died serving his country—and saving his entire unit.Trump seems to think someone like him doesn't belong in America. 
There are a lot of bullies in this world. The last thing we need is one in the White House. 
“I learned that preparation is important.” —Hillary on what she learned by debating Donald Trump
We counted: Over the last three presidential debates, Donald Trump told 137 lies. Hillary still won all three. 
Hillary’s in Ohio with just 8 days left in the campaign. Watch live: 
"You can go vote early right now. Early voting started on Wednesday...go to  —@POTUS in Ohio
In which @realDonaldTrump basically proves our point. 
I had the great honor of serving alongside Kay Hagan. She was a vibrant, intelligent, and effective Senator, a lifelong champion of women, and a beloved daughter of North Carolina.We will miss her dearly.
"Kids and families have been the passion of my life—and they'll be the heart of my presidency." 
Who inspires you this #InternationalWomensDay?
Based on my work, this is a good example for us to consider. The goal has to be quality, affordable universal health care for everyone. 
The GOP wants to break their bipartisan pledge &amp; cut funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program to pay for their tax cuts to the wealthy &amp; corporations. We must take care of our children. Experts &amp; doctors agree. Lots of them: 
Grateful for this progress even as we all know that every additional day of delay is a tragedy. 
A big thank you to Toria Nuland, Maria Otero, Eric Schwartz, Roberta Jacobson and my old friend @melanneverveer for a terrific discussion on how we conduct values-driven foreign policy. 
New Yorkers: Please make sure folks in your community know about this program! 
@itsmebeccam @TATLGDoc I’m so proud of you Rebecca. And you should be proud of all you’ve accomplished. There’s a bright future ahead!
Seriously, you asked Russia to hack me on national television. 
I'm on @Columbia's beautiful campus tonight for a conversation with President Lee Bollinger. You can watch live here: 
It was a historic night in so many ways: For the first time ever, over 100 women were elected to Congress—including a record number of women of color.
.@WhipClyburn and his wife Emily met in 1960 after being arrested at a civil rights protest. After hours in jail, Jim was hungry. A woman he'd never met came over with a burger and gave him half. That was Emily: Fierce advocate, generous soul, Jim’s true partner. We’ll miss her.
LGBT kids are perfect exactly the way they are. #BornPerfect 
We had our best analysts create a calculator to see how much you'd pay in taxes if you paid the same as Trump: 
Go to  to see how much Hillary’s college plan could help you save.
John McCain is as tough as they come.  Thinking of John, Cindy, their wonderful children, &amp; their whole family tonight.
Trump owes President Obama an apology for his years-long racist conspiracy. And by the way: "Sorry if you were offended" doesn't count.
Americans’ wages just hit an all-time high.We need to build on this progress—not turn back: 
Young women can run the world. These are the stories of some who did—including HFA alum @arosaflores! 
And with the help of @collectivepac, 23 African-American candidates have been elected to local, state, and federal offices since August 2016.
Great news: Nevada's Democratic-led (and female-majority!) state legislature passed a bill to restore voting rights for 77,000 formerly incarcerated people. 
“We’ve got to make sure that women and girls are treated with the dignity and respect in our country that we deserve.” —Hillary
Just returned from marching in the annual Chappaqua Memorial Day Parade with everyone from Governors to Girls Scouts. Today we honor those who have made the ultimate sacrifice for their country to keep us safe here at home. 
Trump wouldn't say if he'll accept the outcome of the election. That’s horrifying—but part of a pattern. 
If you want to join a political campaign this year but don’t know where to start, consider Onward Together partner @arenasummit’s Arena Academy this April in Charleston, SC. It's a great way to learn the ropes. Apply by March 1: 
This is a deliberate and ongoing effort to silence millions of Americans.Protecting the right to vote in America will be the single most important fight of our time. 
Every day Stephen Miller remains in the White House is an emergency. 
Don't throw away your shot: Support the progressive work of @OnwardTogether and join me for a Broadway play in New York, flights and hotel on us! Enter here:  
It's incredible that this has to be said: Letting thousands of people needlessly suffer and die is wrong. It's also not a recipe for rescuing the economy.
.@RunforSomething put together a candidate support kit with resources for state and local candidates who need to find new ways to reach voters. 
When she was sworn in as Finland's new prime minister yesterday, @marinsanna became the world's youngest prime minister—and the head of a coalition government led entirely by women. Hyvä Suomi! 🇫🇮 
At 103, Ruline Steininger had an energy &amp; vibrancy all should aspire to. My thoughts &amp; prayers are w/ her family.
Bill, Chelsea and I are excited to meet a @ClintonFdn supporter next month in New York! Your support helps change lives around the world—hope you'll throw your hat in the ring to join us: 
Join me live this morning at 9:45am for an important discussion about child &amp; adolescent mental health, focused on solutions for families &amp; communities. #ChildMindSummit 
"Everything I’ve done started by listening to people…working to bring people together, to find common ground.” —Hillary in North Carolina
On this day, we don't remember the destruction of Pearl Harbor. We remember the selflessness Americans showed that day as they risked themselves to save their fellow servicemembers, and we remember the resilience that followed. To all who served and sacrificed, thank you.
Five @EmergeAmerica alumni are headed to Congress, and 145 were elected to state legislatures. Emerge alums also helped put an end to the Republican supermajorities in the Michigan and Pennsylvania senates.
Call Congress @ (202) 224-3121. Tell them we must work together to get this done for the children &amp; families counting on CHIP. 7/7
Trump has built his campaign on demonizing Latinos and immigrants.Latino voters have the power to stop him. Vote:  
.@RunForSomething has endorsed 38 incredible new candidates, including a Navy Reserveman running to improve health services for veterans and a community organizer who wants to give back to the town that took his family in as refugees. Meet them all here: 