I am in IstanbulTurkey. Just opened magnificent #TrumpTowers--- a big hit.
Via @Newsmax_Media by @wandacarruthers: “Trump: GOP on Edge of Winning 'Big' and Forcing Obama to Act” 
The ObamaCare website will cost over $1.5B when all is said and done. Crazy!
After 52 years it is time for the United States to fully recognize Israel’s Sovereignty over the Golan Heights which is of critical strategic and security importance to the State of Israel and Regional Stability!
Massive overflow crowd tonight in Erie Pennsylvania. THANK YOU to everyone who came out and joined us. Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
So many major problems for the U.S. and no answers by our leaders. When will it all change?  Many of our difficulties are so easy to solve!
The failing @NRO National Review Magazine has just been informed by the Republican National Committee that they cannot participate in debate
Wow @FoxNews just reporting big news. Source: "Official behind unmasking is high up. Known Intel official is responsible. Some unmasked....
Pelosi feels her phony impeachment HOAX is so pathetic she is afraid to present it to the Senate which can set a date and put this whole SCAM into default if they refuse to show up! The Do Nothings are so bad for our Country!
“People who enter the United States without our permission are illegal aliens and illegal aliens should not be treated the same as people who enters the U.S. legally.”  Chuck Schumer in 2009 before he went left and haywire!  @foxandfriends
Remember I am the only candidate who is self-funding. While I am given little credit for this by the voters I am not bought like others!
The Celebrity Apprentice has a two-hour premiere this Sunday March 14th at 9 p.m. on NBC. This will be the best season yet see you then!
Four great candidates are under consideration at DNI. Decision within next few weeks!
It was an honor to welcome the Teachers of the Year to the WH last month. Today we honor and thank all teachers!… 
I am very pleased to welcome the opioid memorial to the President's Park in April. I encourage all to visit and remember those who we have lost to this deadly epidemic. We will keep fighting until we defeat the opioid crisis! 
..... I wonder if Angelo has a job or is on assistance. In any event I'm sure he is a nice guy!
TO ALL AMERICANS-#HappyNewYear &amp; many blessings to you all! Looking forward to a wonderful &amp; prosperous 2017 as we… 
Candace Owens of Turning Point USA is having a big impact on politics in our Country. She represents an ever expanding group of very smart “thinkers” and it is wonderful to watch and hear the dialogue going on...so good for our Country!
Our new American Energy Policy will unlock MILLIONS of jobs &amp; TRILLIONS in wealth. We are on the cusp of a true ene… 
.@AugustPfluger is a Great Veteran and Strong Leader for Texas where he is running for Congress. He will protect your #2A fight for our Farmers Oil/Gas Workers and he supports our #MAGA &amp; #KAG Agenda. August has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
“The last three years of Trump policy have finally brought real hope and real change. Unemployment this year hit a 50 year low. With President Trump we’ve seen the lowest EVER African American and Hispanic unemployment. The booming Trump Economy has pushed up workers wages....
It has been two years since the tragedy in Parkland. We will always mourn the innocent lives taken from us – 14 wonderful students and 3 terrific educators. Earlier this week I met with families whose experiences from that horrible day still piece the soul....
A productive dialogue is not only good for the United States and good for Russia but it is good for the world. #HELSINKI2018 
Jerry Buss was a great guy and friend. He will be missed!
I hope everyone read the brilliant article in American Spectator about leightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. He should be run out of office!
Via @cnsnews by @CraigBBannister: “Poll: Hispanics Blacks Call for Tighter Borders Access to Illegals' Jobs”  
On beautiful Lake Norman @Trump_Charlotte offers a state of the art Clubhouse to complement its championship course 
The Wall is funded &amp; being built! 
The Gallup Poll just announced that 69% of our great citizens expect their finances to improve next year a 16 year high. Nice!
Can you believe that the disrespect for our Country our Flag our Anthem continues without penalty to the players. The Commissioner has lost control of the hemorrhaging league. Players are the boss! 
Just watched Full Metal Jacket can't believe R. Lee Ermey didn't win the Academy Award as the drill sergeant. Political nominations!
Emmanuel Macron suggests building its own army to protect Europe against the U.S. China and Russia. But it was Germany in World Wars One &amp; Two - How did that work out for France? They were starting to learn German in Paris before the U.S. came along. Pay for NATO or not!
ENJOY THE GAME USA OUR COUNTRY IS DOING GREAT!
The Blue Monster @TrumpDoral was a sensation over the weekend. Really tough but players &amp; critics alike loved it.
As President of the United States of America I will ALWAYS put #AmericaFirst🇺🇸#UNGAFull remarks:  
#NeverForget 
READ THE TRANSCRIPTS!
President Obama has just reached an ALL-TIME low approval rating! Is anybody surprised? The happiest person is former President Jimmy Carter
President Trump’s Approval Rating on Economy is at 52% a 4 point jump. Fox Poll @foxandfriends  Shouldn’t this be at 100%? Best stock market economy and unemployment numbers ever! Most people working within U.S. ever! Low interest rates very low inflation! Country doing great!
....European countries are not helping at all even though this was very much done for their benefit. They are refusing to take back prisoners from their specific countries. Not good!

“Circumstances are beyond human control but our conduct is in our own power.” -- Benjamin Disraeli
Small Business Optimism Soars to Highest Level Ever | Breitbart  via @BreitbartNews
Asking why my dislike of A-Rod--dishonorable dealings with me on an apartment deal
Thank you.  
The Keystone pipeline will create 20000 jobs and make us less energy dependent from the Middle East. @BarackObama says No!
I’m impressed -- both teams have produced very entertaining silent films. #CelebApprentice
Inside ‘Bill Clinton Inc.’: Hacked memo reveals intersection of charity and personal income. #DrainTheSwamp!
....A double standard like never seen before in the history of our Country?
I have confidence that Kim Jong Un will honor the contract we signed &amp; even more importantly our handshake. We agreed to the denuclearization of North Korea. China on the other hand may be exerting negative pressure on a deal because of our posture on Chinese Trade-Hope Not!
The Kentuky Derby decision was not a good one. It was a rough and tumble race on a wet and sloppy track actually a beautiful thing to watch. Only in these days of political correctness could such an overturn occur. The best horse did NOT win the Kentucky Derby - not even close!
.@jimmyfallon is now whimpering to all that he did the famous “hair show” with me (where he seriously messed up my hair) &amp; that he would have now done it differently because it is said to have “humanized” me-he is taking heat. He called &amp; said “monster ratings.” Be a man Jimmy!
Wow! Just starting to hear the Democrats who are only thinking Obstruct and Delay are starting to put out the word that the “time” and “scope” of FBI looking into Judge Kavanaugh and witnesses is not enough. Hello! For them it will never be enough - stay tuned and watch!
“Judge Jackson now has a request for a new trial based on the unambiguous &amp; self outed bias of the foreperson of the jury whose also a lawyer by the way. ‘Madam foreperson your a lawyer you have a duty an affirmative obligation to reveal to us when we selected you the.....
.....President before. What they are doing is not legal. But I’m clean and when I release my financial statement (my decision) sometime prior to Election it will only show one thing - that I am much richer than people even thought - And that is a good thing. Jobs Jobs Jobs!
Via @LasVegasSun by Eugene R. Dunn: “Impeach Obama and elect Trump” 
....and has my FULL Endorsement. This is a BIG win for our GOP and a BIG win for South Jersey. South Jersey is TRUMP COUNTRY so I know ALL NJ Republicans will join me in supporting Jeff Van Drew. The Dems are already coming after him so help Jeff win. 
.@MajorCBS Major Garrett of @CBSNews covers me very inaccurately. Total agenda bad reporter!
Being the best requires full-time attention and application.” – Midas Touch,02-28-2013 15:25:38,337,152,false,307149567198101506Twitter Web Client,@MWiggans @ESPNGolf @CadillacChamp  Thanks M.,02-28-2013 15:22:10,0,0,false,307148697114923010Twitter Web Client,@generalsam1971  Wow--very nice thanks.,02-28-2013 15:19:20,0,0,false,307147985484140545Twitter Web Client,@Looayg  Thanks and good luck.,02-28-2013 15:18:12,3,2,false,307147700216930304Twitter Web Client,@AdrianaStuijt Thank you.,02-28-2013 15:16:49,0,1,false,307147349543768064Twitter Web Client,@DeannaSpillyard Sikorsky 76,02-28-2013 15:11:52,0,1,false,307146105022472193Twitter Web Client,@mena_le @ApprenticeNBC Wrong--not even close!,02-28-2013 14:31:45,1,1,false,307136008154132480Twitter Web Client,@NYMag  True!,02-28-2013 14:29:48,0,2,false,307135516325851136Twitter Web Client,@MissCastilloH Thanks Gaby.,02-28-2013 14:28:19,0,0,false,307135146807672832Twitter Web Client,@KenBroadwater  True!,02-28-2013 14:27:13,0,0,false,307134870117838850Twitter Web Client,@EricGBassett  Mostly my father.,02-28-2013 14:25:40,5,5,false,307134477325434881Twitter Web Client,@BiggLogz This Sunday March 3rd at 9 PM EST on @nbc,02-28-2013 14:16:29,0,0,false,307132165286678528Twitter Web Client,@JTBone97 7 months.,02-28-2013 14:08:54,0,0,false,307130257079672833Twitter Web Client,@NattilyAttired @Pontifex I fully understand that side of the argument.,02-28-2013 14:07:55,0,4,false,307130010412646401Twitter Web Client,@JTDixon_Inker Happy Birthday &amp; enjoy NYC.,02-28-2013 14:07:04,0,0,false,307129798893895681Twitter Web Client,@misskhan  Happy Birthday.,02-28-2013 13:52:16,0,0,false,307126073093656576Facebook,.@DeeSnider @StephenBaldwin7 and the rest of your favorites are back! All-Star @ApprenticeNBC premieres Sunday...  23:17:07,28,19,false,306905834468814849Facebook,.@StephenBaldwin7 and me at a press event for All-Star @ApprenticeNBC earlier today at @TrumpTowerNY....  22:30:41,12,10,false,306894149678927872Twitter Web Client,Karl Rove’s ads are the worst in political history!,02-27-2013 22:11:50,43,20,false,306889406411845632Twitter Web Client,Karl Rove’s stupid ad made Ashley Judd hot—now everybody is talking about her.,02-27-2013 22:11:31,58,36,false,306889323222020096Twitter Web Client,Ashley Judd has just thanked Karl Rove for all the attention he has given her—unreal!—how stupid can we get?,02-27-2013 22:07:16,35,15,false,306888255842942978Twitter Web Client,If Mitch McConnell wants to win his election he’d better get rid of jinxed Karl Rove and fast...,02-27-2013 22:06:34,25,17,false,306888079145328643Twitter Web Client,... Rove’s ad campaign has made Ashley Judd a totally credible candidate. Be careful Mitch!,02-27-2013 22:06:31,23,10,false,306888065044074497Twitter Web Client,How come nobody mentions that the Nielsen Ratings of the Apprentice after 12 seasons-- as shown by Howard Stern --totally blow away...,02-27-2013 22:03:36,8,5,false,306887332328521728Twitter Web Client,... the ratings of Shark Tank. Everyone was hitting on me until the numbers came in—and now—dead silence!,02-27-2013 22:03:33,6,19,false,306887319036768256Twitter Web Client,@finger_slinger Thanks Davis.,02-27-2013 21:43:09,5,3,false,306882185632296960Twitter Web Client,@clstromgren Many people have said that.,02-27-2013 21:40:35,2,3,false,306881539562696707Twitter Web Client,@JustKieffer @GoAngelo @macy Not much!,02-27-2013 21:39:42,0,0,false,306881318879379456Twitter Web Client,@Obomination1 @GoAngelo @macy Thanks.,02-27-2013 21:39:11,0,0,false,306881187366969345Twitter Web Client,The government will spend over $3.8T this year. The sequester is a pittance of the outlays less than 2%. Where’s the problem?,02-27-2013 21:37:47,161,39,false,306880835498434561Twitter for Android,@mrsafetyman110: @realDonaldTrump where do you find the time? and energy? any special diet"  Just have no choice but to move forward.
$716 Billion from Medicare by @BarackObama. When will it end?
Going to Charlotte NC to speak before more than 20000 people on Saturday morning—total sellout crowd—will be great!
Statements are made about me by certain people in the Crazy Mueller Report in itself written by 18 Angry Democrat Trump Haters which are fabricated &amp; totally untrue. Watch out for people that take so-called “notes” when the notes never existed until needed. Because I never....
.@jorgeramosnews Please send me your new number your old one’s not working. Sincerely Donald J. Trump
Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time energy and money. The V.P. a joke!
Congress must repeal ObamaCare. Obama will veto while Americans continue to lose their doctors &amp; pay rising premiums.
.@Israel could very well be close to attacking Iran. Could be this election's big October surprise...
Bootedgeedge (Buttigieg) is doing pretty well tonight. Giving Crazy Bernie a run for his money. Very interesting!
Governor @RicardoRossello- We are with you and the people of Puerto Rico. Stay safe! #PRStrong
The Fake News photoshopped pictures of Melania then propelled conspiracy theories that it’s actually not her by my side in Alabama and other places. They are only getting more deranged with time!
.@MittRomney is trying to hit back at me because I'm saying that he let the Repub Party down w/ his loss to Obama. Should've won—he choked!
Little respected Club For Growth asked me for $1000000 - I said "NO". Now they are spending lobbyist and special interest money on ads!
Watched low rated @Morning_Joe for first time in long time. FAKE NEWS. He called me to stop a National Enquirer article. I said no! Bad show
Via @postandcourier: "The Donald at @TheCitadelOEA" 
Cryin’ Chuck Schumer is complaining for publicity purposes only that I should be asking for more money than $2.5 Billion to prepare for Coronavirus. If I asked for more he would say it is too much. He didn’t like my early travel closings. I was right. He is incompetent!
Join me live in Toledo Ohio!#
Join me on Wednesday May 25th at the Anaheim Convention Center!#Trump2016 #MAGA Tickets:  
Facebook has just stated that they are setting up a system to “purge” themselves of Fake News. Does that mean CNN will finally be put out of business?
The approval process for the biggest Tax Cut &amp; Tax Reform package in the history of our country will soon begin. Move fast Congress!
July is just the ninth month since 1970 that unemployment has fallen below 4%. Our economy has added 3.7 million jobs since I won the Election. 4.1 GDP. More than 4 million people have received a pay raise due to tax reform. $400 Billion brought back from “overseas.” @FoxNews
We have to make the U.S.A. RICH again so that we can afford to pay Social Security Medicareand Medicaid and STRONG to keep our enemies out
Residential Capital a company in which Warren Buffett is involved went bankrupt - but that doesn't mean that Warren Buffett went bankrupt!
Things are going along very well with China. They are paying us Tens of Billions of Dollars made possible by their monetary devaluations and pumping in massive amounts of cash to keep their system going. So far our consumer is paying nothing - and no inflation. No help from Fed!
Hagel has been endorsed by China  &amp; Iran   for SOD.  Welcome to Obama's second term!
Two policemen just shot in San Diego one dead. It is only getting worse. People want LAW AND ORDER!
Bush and Rubio are finally attacking each other as I knew they would in order to be the last "establishment" man standing against me.Great
My interview last week with Greta van Susteren is available here in slightly abridged form.   Good info to know about.
Today it was my honor to welcome our Nation’s newly elected Governors to the @WhiteHouse! 
Nancy Pelosi and some of the Democrats turned down my offer yesterday before I even got up to speak. They don’t see crime &amp; drugs they only see 2020 - which they are not going to win. Best economy! They should do the right thing for the Country &amp; allow people to go back to work.
Obama’s speech indicates he wants to change this country as we know it--wow he really feels emboldened.
Veto Message to the House of Representatives for H.J. Res. 46:  
People have been saying for years that we should talk to Mexico. The problem is that Mexico is an “abuser” of the United States taking but never giving. It has been this way for decades. Either they stop the invasion of our Country by Drug Dealers Cartels Human Traffickers....
Unlike the other Republican candidates I will be in Nevada all day and night - I won't be fleeing in and out. I love &amp; invest in Nevada!
I hope Bill Clinton starts talking about women's issues so that voters can see what a hypocrite he is and how Hillary abused those women!
Congressman Kevin Brady of Texas is so popular in his District and far beyond that he doesn’t need any help - but I am giving it to him anyway. He is a great guy and the absolute “King” of Cutting Taxes. Highly respected by all he loves his State &amp; Country. Strong Endorsement!
Great pick by Buffalo - Sammy Watkins will be GREAT!

....productive talks I will be delaying the U.S. increase in tariffs now scheduled for March 1. Assuming both sides make additional progress we will be planning a Summit for President Xi and myself at Mar-a-Lago to conclude an agreement. A very good weekend for U.S. &amp; China!
Congressman Michael McCaul “Schiff’s inquiry defies Democracy.” @FoxNews @seanhannity
Champion @bretmichaels is back competing in the upcoming "All-Star" @CelebApprentice. Premiere is March 3rd on @NBC at 9 p.m. EST.
Totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives both Democrats and Republicans - FAKE NEWS! Russia says nothing exists. Probably...
Mar-a-Lago is Florida’s most lavish and exclusive private club and spa with world class amenities 
.@PrimeMinisterSX has no clue what’s going on in St. Maarten. Mullet Bay is a third world slum.
I will end common core. It's a disaster. #Trump2016 
It is the same Fake News Media that said there is "no path to victory for Trump" that is now pushing the phony Russia story. A total scam!

Rick Scott was up by 50000+ votes on Election Day now they “found” many votes and he is only up 15000 votes. “The Broward Effect.” How come they never find Republican votes?
Thank you for a great afternoon South Carolina! See you next Tuesday! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Remember get TIME magazine! I am on the cover. Take it out in 4 years and read it again! Just watch...
Will be in Nashville Tennessee tomorrow (Saturday) at 2:30 P.M. So much to talk about - see you there!
Via@politicalwire: "Trump Offers to Fund White House Tours " 
Congratulations to Louisiana’s Champions. See you at the White House! 
Joint Press Conference with Prime Minister Theresa May...
A tough negotiator can make the Chinese back off. We've done it before. #TimeToGetTough     
Isn’t it funny when a failed Senator like goofy Elizabeth Warren can spend a whole day tweeting about Trump &amp; gets nothing done in Senate?
Very thankful for President Xi of China’s kind words on tarrifs and automobile barriers...also his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers. We will make great progress together!
Thank you @JerryBrownGov. Look forward to joining you and @GavinNewsom tomorrow in California. We are with you! 
It's Thursday. I wonder how much money @BarackObama drained from Medicare today to finance ObamaCare.
When will the Democrats give us our Attorney General and rest of Cabinet! They should be ashamed of themselves! No wonder D.C. doesn't work!
....The process has begun to place additional Tariffs at 25% on the remaining 325 Billion Dollars. The U.S. only sells China approximately 100 Billion Dollars of goods &amp; products a very big imbalance. With the over 100 Billion Dollars in Tariffs that we take in we will buy.....
Jeb failed as Jeb! He gave up and enlisted Mommy and his brother (who got us into the quicksand of Iraq). Spent $120 million.Weak-no chance!
.@MattGinellaGC  It's true Matt the NEW "Blue Monster" is better than Pinehurst so is Bedminster. Turnberry &amp; Trump Aberdeen blow it away!
With @BarackObama listing himself as "Born in Kenya" in  HI laws allowed him to produce a fake certificate.  #SCAM
All I can say is that if I were President Snowden would have already been returned to the U.S. (by their fastest jet) and with an apology!
Congrats to Pres.Obama on having 3 of @washingtonpost's “biggest Pinocchios of the year”   Great accomplishment!
We are going to WIN and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN maybe better than ever before!
She will go down as perhaps the least successful Speaker in U.S. History! 
Pocahontas working in conjunction with the Democrat Party totally destroyed the campaign of Bernie Sanders. If she would have quit 3 days earlier Sanders would have beaten Biden in a route it wouldn’t even have been close. They also got two other losers to support Sleepy Joe!
I am committed to keeping our air and water clean but always remember that economic growth enhances environmental protection. Jobs matter!
Why did Vince and the WWE give my speech and segment the most time last night on USA Network - because that's what people want to see!
The reason that President Obama did NOTHING about Russia after being notified by the CIA of meddling is that he expected Clinton would win..
He is working hard and for that he must be given credit!
The dopes at the @nytimes bought the Boston Globe for $1.3 billion and sold it for $1.00. Their great old headquarters-gave it away! So dumb
.@KarlRove who spent $430 million in the last cycle and didn't win one race said I'm not a candidate until I file papers. Next week Karl!
I just bought stock in Tiffany &amp; Company and McDonald's. Two ends of the spectrum but I like both companies.
Great parent-teacher listening session this morning with @VP Pence &amp; @usedgov Secretary @BetsyDeVos. Watch:… 
With Miami’s top #NewYearsEve vacation package @TrumpDoral is the perfect option to celebrate the start of 2015. 
2016 GOP Nomination Polls have me as #1 as seen on @SpecialReport with @BretBaier. 
Thanks Lee! 
I will be making my announcement on the next Secretary of State tomorrow morning.
Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates overtaxes and doesn't care about jobs. Most importantly she suffers from plain old bad judgement!
Has Barack Obama been caught red handed laundering money into his campaign from illegal online foreign donations? Media?
SHOCK! While attacking @MittRomney's private equity experience @BarackObama raises $2M from private equity bankers 
.@FoxNews Polls are always bad for me. They were against Crooked Hillary also. Something weird going on at Fox. Our polls show us leading in all 17 Swing States. For the record I didn’t spend 30 hours with @abcnews but rather a tiny fraction of that. More Fake News  @BretBaier
I will be signing our 738 Billion Dollar Defense Spending Bill today. It will include 12 weeks  Paid Parental Leave gives our troops a raise importantly creates the SPACE FORCE SOUTHERN BORDER WALL FUNDING repeals “Cadillac Tax” on Health Plans raises smoking age to 21! BIG!
Who should star in a reboot of Liar Liar- Hillary Clinton or Ted Cruz? Let me know. 
In order to continue being the most Transparent President in history I will be releasing sometime this week the Transcript of the first and therefore most important phone call I had with the President of Ukraine. I am sure you will find it tantalizing!
Look forward to being with all of my friends and supporters @CPAC on Saturday February 29th! #KAG2020 
The American worker is being victimized by our trade policies. We need smart trade which can only be accomplished by smart dealmakers.
Dopey @billmaher is in for a lot of trouble—I hope he has $5 million (for charity).
A message to my fellow Americans🇺🇸#IrmaHurricane2017🎥 
President Obama strongly considering a plan to bring non-U.S. citizens with Ebola to the United States for treatment. Now I know he's nuts!
I dictate my tweets to my executive assistant and she posts them. "Time is money"---The Art of the Deal.
Great meetings at the @G7 in Biarritz France! #G7Biarritz 
STATEMENT ON MELANIA 
.@TrumpChicago’s Spa has an array of 5 star services12 treatment rooms &amp; 53 spa guestrooms w/great views 
Democrat Governor Ralph Northam of Virginia just stated “I believe that I am not either of the people in that photo.” This was 24 hours after apologizing for appearing in the picture and after making the most horrible statement on “super” late term abortion. Unforgivable!
If you love what you do you are going to work harder you are going to try harder and you will be better at it. - Think Big
We have the Final Six—and @LilJon is the last remaining member of Team Power. He’s done a great job. #CelebApprentice
Joe Girardi did a great job of managing the Yankees this series.
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends now!
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
The U.S. has enough problems without publicity seekers going out and openly mocking religion in order to provoke attacks and death. BE SMART
The Lamestream Media wants us to fail. That will NEVER happen!
.@Troy_Balderson is doing a great job as Congressman from Ohio. We need him in D.C. Vote for Troy - He has my total Endorsement!
I'll bet Lance Armstrong wishes he didn't do the interview with Oprah-- he's saying to himself "what was I thinking?"
This month we celebrate the contributions of Asian Americans &amp; Pacific Islanders that enrich our Nation. 
Happy Constitution Day! 
Dopey @BillKristol who has lost all credibility with so many dumb statements and  picks said last week on @Morning_Joe that Biden was in.
Congratulations to the Kansas City Chiefs on a great game and a fantastic comeback under immense pressure. We are proud of you and the Great State of Missouri. You are true Champions!
Of course @hardball_chris attacked 'birthers' in praising @CondoleezzaRice's speech. Chris has completely lost it.
If the totally Corrupt Media was less corrupt I would be up by 15 points in the polls based on our tremendous success with the economy maybe Best Ever! If the Corrupt Media was actually fair I would be up by 25 points. Nevertheless despite the Fake News we’re doing great!
Another broken promise by @BarackObama: @ObamaCare actually increases income inequality  It must be fully repealed!
Will be with our two GREAT Senators @SenJohnKennedy &amp; @SenBillCassidy tonight in Louisiana. These two hard working really smart men love their Country and love their State. We will hopefully add a Great New Republican Governor to the beautiful Louisiana mix! See you tonight!
The reason I originally endorsed Luther Strange (and his numbers went up mightily) is that I said Roy Moore will not be able to win the General Election.  I was right! Roy worked hard but the deck was stacked against him!
Dummy @GoAngelo who had 11 people show up for 15 min. at his “massive” rally at Macy’s is trying to get publicity for self by using me
Nice interview in the @The Atlantic of Sarasota GOP Chair Joe Gruters on my 2012 'Statesman of the Year' award 
The brand new season of @CelebApprentice starts filming in less than 5 weeks. The 'All Star' cast will be announced very soon.
I believe America can be great only with proper leadership.
I don’t believe the four Congresswomen are capable of loving our Country. They should apologize to America (and Israel) for the horrible (hateful) things they have said. They are destroying the Democrat Party but are weak &amp; insecure people who can never destroy our great Nation!

.@MittRomney scored last night on both substance and style.
Pelosi Nadler Schiff and of course Maxine Waters! Can you believe this?
It is simply immoral for the government to encourage able-bodied Americans to think that a life on welfare of (cont)  18:58:12,122,18,false,164422244846669824Twitter Web Client,My @gretawire interview discussing @BarackObama's economic failures attack on capitalism and playing class warfare.  17:30:42,13,6,false,164400223064567808Twitter Web Client,My @foxandfriends interview discussing my possible GOP endorsement @MittRomney's taxes and the Florida primary.  17:22:24,19,3,false,164398134766735362Twitter Web Client,All eyes are on Florida today. I will be watching the GOP primary results very closely. We need the right candidate to beat @BarackObama.,01-31-2012 17:20:09,91,18,false,164397568997072897Twitter Web Client,My appearance this morning on Good Morning America... 16:33:02,20,8,false,164385712496578560TwitLonger Beta,Today is a big day for us and for Toronto: Trump International Hotel & Tower Toronto opens today. (cont)  16:26:37,90,10,false,164384098842984449Twitter Web Client,The Islamists are taking over Egypt through the election.   Why did @BarackObama force Mubarak out? He was an ally.,01-30-2012 20:39:30,103,10,false,164085349516193794Twitter Web Client,Keystone must be approved through Congress. @BarackObama is costing America over 20000 jobs and driving the price of gas high.,01-30-2012 20:09:39,169,5,false,164077839258353665Twitter Web Client,The GOP primary is getting very nasty. The candidates need to remember that @BarackObama is the main target. He must not be reelected.,01-30-2012 19:42:44,354,25,false,164071063230226432Twitter Web Client,Glad to hear Bella Santorum is recovering. @RickSantorum has a beautiful family.,01-30-2012 16:44:23,93,9,false,164026178489950209TwitLonger Beta,The military threat from China is gigantic and it's no surprise that the Communist Chinese government lies (cont) 
In this book our second together we share what gives us the Midas Touch the ability to turn things we touch (cont)  19:20:18,15,8,false,195955551337840640TwitLonger Beta,Be sure to tune in to another amazing episode of #CelebApprentice this Sunday on @nbc at 9PM EST! This Sunday's (cont)  18:38:04,13,8,false,195944923323842560Twitter Web Client,The EPA is caught saying that their philosophy is to crucify oil companies"   That will sure lower the price of gas.
If @rihanna is dating @chrisbrown again then she has a death wish. A beater is always a beater--just watch!
If you like having the world collapse and being told America is leading from behind--vote Obama.
Via @WSJPolitics by @reidepstein: “Trump Surges in Popularity in N.H.” 
The Coronavirus is very much under control in the USA. We are in contact with everyone and all relevant countries. CDC &amp; World Health have been working hard and very smart. Stock Market starting to look very good to me!
“Schiff doesn’t have a case telling the truth so he’s manufacturing things.” Rush Limbaugh @foxandfriends
Like many I don’t watch Saturday Night Live (even though I past hosted it) - no longer funny no talent or charm. It is just a political ad for the Dems. Word is that Kanye West who put on a MAGA hat after the show (despite being told “no”) was great. He’s leading the charge!
Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities &amp; possibilities &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
I am thrilled to nominate Dr. @RealBenCarson as our next Secretary of the US Dept. of Housing and Urban Development… 
On the 13th tee box @TrumpScotland with my grand daughter Kai! @DonaldJTrumpJr 
Join me today in Wilmington Ohio at 4pm:  Tampa Florida at 10am: 
Thank you Mexico we look forward to working with you! 
Yankees should have dropped A-Rod long ago not even bothered with arbitration. They would have saved a fortune!
My @FoxNews interview with @gretawire where I discuss my potential GOP endorsement and the NH primary 
I laugh when I see Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush pretending to "love" each other with each talking of their great friendship. Typical phony pols
Awarded 5 Stars by @VisitScotland @TrumpScotland’s MacLeod House &amp; Lodge boutique hotel is an historic masterpiece 
Mitt Romney must start congratulating the Navy Seals and military on Bin Laden’s killing not the President.
The Do Nothing Democrats have gone Crazy. Very bad for USA! 
Kasich only looks O.K. in polls against Hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed ZERO negative ads against him
Congratulations to @WWERaw on passing 1000 episodes. @WWE is still going strong after all these years--@VinceMcMahon is great!
Very tacky set!
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania &amp; myself THANK YOU for today's update &amp; GREAT WORK! #SouthernBaptist @SendRelief @RedCross &amp; @SalvationArmyUS 
....Trump is doing to China is not lost on the rest of the world. Europe has had among the most protectionist policies forever. They’re sitting there and saying gee are we next? Maybe you are! We’ve got to change the rules. The U.S. can’t defend the world and pay for it........
The Stock Market is setting record after record and unemployment is at a 17 year low. So many things accomplished by the Trump Administration perhaps more than any other President in first year. Sadly will never be reported correctly by the Fake News Media!
Congratulations to Jeb Hensarling &amp; Republicans on successful House vote to repeal major parts of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial law. GROWTH!
Crooked's stop in Johnstown Pennsylvania where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians drew less than 200 - with Bill VP
Wow Macy's numbers just in-Trump is doing better than ever - thanks for your great support!
I'm saying that the Tea Party perhaps by another name will soon have another big moment- and will be a major factor in victory!
THANK YOU! 
To be successful never give up. My secrets to success will be shared at the National Achievers Congress in London. 
The food is GREAT at Sammy’s Mexican Grill in Phoenix Arizona. Congratulations to Betty &amp; Jorge Rivas on doing such a wonderful job. I will try hard to stop by the next time I am in Phoenix. Support Sammy’s! @foxandfriends
Back by popular demand TV personality @TheRealMarilu returns in the record 13th season of 'All Star' @CelebApprentice.  Marilu does great!
.@KatyTurNBC 3rd rate reporter &amp; @SopanDeb @ CBS lied. Finished in normal manner&amp;signed autos for 20min. Dishonest! 
... A great person inspires others to see for themselves. – Harvey Mackay
China's the leading exporter of Iraqi oil yet they won’t lift a finger against ISIS. Why should we do the heavy lifting for China’s gain?
George also appeared on Saturday Night Live when I was guest host in 2004. A great time! #CelebApprentice
Why is so much money sent to the Elijah Cummings district when it is considered the worst run and most dangerous anywhere in the United States. No human being would want to live there. Where is all this money going? How much is stolen? Investigate this corrupt mess immediately!
Be sure to watch my #CPAC2015 speech with intro by @DLoesch and a Q&amp;A with @seanhannity 
The government is borrowing 46 cents on every dollar it spends   Dangerous for us but great news for China.
Everyone said it couldn’t be done. But for the first time in a generation there will be direct flights between Serbia and Kosovo. Another win. Thanks to @WHNSC Ambassador Robert O’Brien and Ambassador @RichardGrenell! 
Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren @Gretawire tonight at 10 p.m. on Fox News.
When Jerome Powell started his testimony today the Dow was up 125 &amp; heading higher. As he spoke it drifted steadily downward as usual and is now at -15. Germany &amp; other countries get paid to borrow money. We are more prime but Fed Rate is too high Dollar tough on exports.
I love the Mexican people but Mexico is not our friend. They're killing us at the border and they're killing us on jobs and trade. FIGHT!
Congressman @KevinYoder has fought hard for the People of Kansas. Highly respected strong on Crime the Border Military Vets and Second Amendment. Kevin has my Total Endorsement!
Thank you Nan! 
Via @examinercom by @Mellyora13: “Trump: Was Benghazi the result of incompetence or something more sinister?” 
Not surprisingly the GREAT Men &amp; Women of the FBI are starting to speak out against Comey McCabe and all of the political corruption and poor leadership found within the top ranks of the FBI. Comey was a terrible and corrupt leader who inflicted great pain on the FBI! #SPYGATE
I am in Iowa. Will be interviewed on This Week With @GStephanopoulos  this morning. ENJOY!
Join me tomorrow in Sanford or Tallahassee Florida!Sanford at 3pm: at 6pm:
We are building our future with American hands American labor American iron aluminum and steel. Happy #LaborDay! 
Happy #FirstRespondersDay to all of our HEROES out there. We are forever grateful to you for your service sacrifice and courage 24/7/365! 
Good Morning America weather headline for U.S. - "NEVER ENDING COLD"
Convenient - David Plouffe collected $100G fee from Iranian affiliate only a month before joining @whitehouse 
Mark--They could use you.  
“To succeed one must be creative and persistent.” - John H. Johnson
Despite so many positive events and victories Media Reseach Center reports that 92% of stories on Donald Trump are negative on ABC CBS and ABC. It is FAKE NEWS! Don’t worry the Failing New York Times didn’t even put the Brett Kavanaugh victory on the Front Page yesterday-A17!
Thank you Adam Levine The Federalist in interview on @foxandfriends  “Donald Trump is the greatest President our Country has ever seen.”
.@AlexSalmond If a country wants to rapidly destroy its economy I have an idea--just put up subsidized wind (cont) 
I can't believe @VanityFair would renew Graydon Carter's contract......
Happy Veterans Day to ALL in particular to the haters and losers who have no idea how lucky they are!!!
....in the basement of the United States Capitol! They cannot win at the ballot box. Their sham for the past 3 years continues. The good news is that the American People get it which will be proven once again on November 3 2020!
Many Democrats are deeply concerned about the fact that their “leadership” wants to denounce and abandon the great men and women of ICE thereby declaring war on Law &amp; Order. These people will be voting for Republicans in November and in many cases joining the Republican Party!
Based on the information released last night about the Fake Whistleblowers attorney the Impeachment Hoax should be ended IMMEDIATELY! There is no case except against the other side!
FLASHBACK: “Alex Salmond pleaded with Donald Trump to back release of Lockerbie bomber”  @telegraphnews ...
.@WSJ is bad at math. The good news is nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore especially me!
Surprising a future Nobel prize winner on today’s @KatieShow:  
European Union representatives told me that they would start buying soybeans from our great farmers immediately. Also they will be buying vast amounts of LNG!
Sun Sentinel says: Rubio lacks the experience work ethic and gravitas needed to be president. HE HAS NOT EARNED YOUR VOTE!
The failing @nytimes does not mention the new @CNN Poll that has me leading Iowa by a massive 13 points - I am at 33%. Maggie Haberman sad!
I will be on @FoxNews live  with members of my family at 11:50 P.M. We will ring in the New Year together! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you America! #
Golf Odyssey just named Trump Scotland “Golf course of the year.”
Malfeasance at Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac helped cause our current financial meltdown.
It is almost time. I will be making a major announcement from @TrumpTowerNY at 11AM. Follow on social media! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to expose!
THANK YOU MAINE! #KAG2020 
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today! 
Wow Kasich didn't qualify to run in the state of Pennsylvania not enough signatures. Big problem!
Check out Donald Trump's new iGoogle Showcase page:
Get ready for @Oreillyfactor tonight at 8- always interesting!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:40. A.M. Enjoy!
Scary--while @BarackObama has been POTUS for 1.6% of America's history he has amassed 33.3% of the total debt.
Many people think that WM23 @WrestleMania “the battle of the billionaires” was the greatest of all time—set all records
I have instructed Homeland Security to check people coming into our country VERY CAREFULLY. The courts are making the job very difficult!
I know Shia LaBeouf @thecampaignbook and when sober a really nice guy. Must get act together fast before too late.
Tom Steyer who other than Mini Mike Bloomberg spent more dollars for NOTHING than any candidate in history quit the race today proclaiming how thrilled he was to be a part of the the Democrat Clown Show. Go away Tom and save whatever little money you have left!
.@secupp who can't believe that her candidate has bombed so badly is one of the dumber pundits on T.V. Hard to watch zero talent! @CNN
I was disappointed that Ted Cruz would speak behind my back get caught and then deny it. Well welcome to the wonderful world of politics!
‏.@richardroeper- Perhaps one of the worst replacements in showbiz once you went on it was over! Your taste sucks!
Via @BreitbartFeed--why doesn't @BarackObama release his original book proposal which says he was born in Kenya?
.@MelaniaTrump looks amazing in 2000 @SInow! 
I'll be on @Foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM.
The Trumping of Turnberry via Links Magazine @TrumpTurnberry  
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
At stake in this Election is whether we continue the extraordinary prosperity we have achieved - or whether we let the Radical Democrat Mob take a giant wrecking ball to our Country and our Economy! #JobsNotMobs 
massive increases of ObamaCare will take place this year and Dems are to blame for the mess. It will fall of its own weight - be careful!
She'll say anything and change NOTHING! #MAGA #BigLeagueTruth 
In Crooked Hillary's telepromter speech yesterday she made up things that I said or believe but have no basis in fact. Not honest!
People like lawyer Elizabeth Beck and failed writer Harry Hurt &amp; others talk about me but know nothing about me—crazy!
Thank you for all of the compliments on getting the World Cup to come to the U.S.A. Mexico and Canada. I worked hard on this along with a Great Team of talented people. We never fail and it will be a great World Cup! A special thanks to Bob Kraft for excellent advice.
....used currency manipulation to steal our businesses and factories hurt our jobs depress our workers’ wages and harm our farmers’ prices. Not anymore!
Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example.
THE RIGGED AND CORRUPT MEDIA IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one Don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent. That's politics!
....in 3 separate locations creating another 450 jobs. I have been working nicely with GM to get this done. Thank you to Mary B your GREAT Governor and Senator Rob Portman. With all the car companies coming back and much more THE USA IS BOOMING!
Republicans don’t extend the debt ceiling—make the great deal now!
Thank you so many people have given me credit for winning the debate last night. All polls agree. It was fun and interesting!
When Mitt Romney asked me for my endorsement last time around he was so awkward and goofy that we all should have known he could not win!
Entrepreneurs: Listen and learn from others but make your own decisions. Take responsibility for yourself. It's a very empowering attitude!
NASDAQ UP 72.2% SINCE OUR GREAT 2016 ELECTION VICTORY! DOW UP 55.8%. The best is yet to come!
I think that China felt they were being beaten so badly in the recent negotiation that they may as well wait around for the next election 2020 to see if they could get lucky &amp; have a Democrat win - in which case they would continue to rip-off the USA for $500 Billion a year....
Somali refugees arresed in Tucson on way to Egypt. They were in touch with an agent posing as a terrorist. One of them stated “The best wake up call is Islamic State to get victory or another 9/11.” Get smart people! #MAGA #KAG @foxandfriends
No Question' Violent Crime Will Rise If Program (Stop &amp; Frisk) Is Stopped” - @NY_POLICE Commissioner Ray Kelly,08-21-2013 16:43:29,27,13,false,370224647519760384Twitter Web Client,@jwhitlinger_GMP             @realDonaldTrump @reklaw78 ..why the animosity towards Bryant Gumbel?" He is a very stupid &amp; arrogant dope!
Failed show @DannyZuker season 1 of @apprenticenbc had 28 million viewers and 41.5 million watching.....
I will be making the Commencment Address today at the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis Maryland. Look forward to being with some of the greatest people on earth!
For what is the best choice for each individual is the highest it is possible for him to achieve.  -- Aristotle
New Fox Poll: 58% of people say that the FBI broke the law in investigating Donald J. Trump. @foxandfriends
Thank you! 
Choose your own path: It doesn't have to be the path less traveled...What matters is that it's the right one for you. - Vince Lombardi
40 years of corruption. 40 years of repression. 40 years of terror. The regime in Iran has produced only #40YearsofFailure. The long-suffering Iranian people deserve a much brighter future. 
I know some of you may think l'm tough and harsh but actually I'm a very compassionate person (with a very high IQ) with strong common sense
President Obama's inaugural had record low ratings. What does that portend?
Another electric car firm that @BarackObama gave $118M just went bankrupt.   He loves to waste our tax dollars.
Here's a sneak peek at the @DNC convention theme:  "It's not our fault. Blame Bush. Oh and government built it."
Thank you @JerryJrFalwell- will see you soon. #TrumpPence16 
Via @gazettedotcom by James Q. Lynch: “Trump to run typical caucus campaign ‘but bigger’” 
I settled the Trump University lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as President I have to focus on our country.
Millions protesting in Egypt for Morsi’s ouster  When will Obama demand Morsi’s resignation as he did to Mubarak
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party 53% overall. Not bad considering I get nothing but Fake &amp; Corrupt News day and night. “Russia Russia Russia” then “the Ukraine Scam (where’s the Whistleblower?)” the “Impeachment Hoax” and more more more....
“Statement from President Donald J. Trump on #GivingTuesday” 
Harley-Davidson should stay 100% in America with the people that got you your success. I’ve done so much for you and then this. Other companies are coming back where they belong! We won’t forget and neither will your customers or your now very HAPPY competitors!
I am pleased to announce that our very talented Deputy Secretary of Defense Patrick Shanahan will assume the title of Acting Secretary of Defense starting January 1 2019. Patrick has a long list of accomplishments while serving as Deputy &amp; previously Boeing. He will be great!
More than a century after conquering flight the #WrightBrothers continue to motivate &amp; inspire Americans who never tire of exploration &amp; innovation. This GREAT AMERICAN SPIRIT can be found in the design of every new supersonic jet and next generation:  
.@MichaelRCaputo Thank you for all of your support you have been amazing!
Via The Hill "No Tickets Left for Trump's Dallas Rally" 
Today is a day that I’ve been looking very much forward to ALL YEAR LONG. It is one that you have heard me speak about many times before. Now as President of the United States it is my tremendous honor to finally wish America and the world a very MERRY CHRISTMAS! 
“Real estate is at the core of almost every business and it's certainly at the core of most people's wealth.” – Think Like a Billionaire
Celebrity Apprentice starts in 15 minutes on NBC. ENJOY!
..and now holds an adjunct professorship at Columbia University. Boudin also received an academic laurel from NYU Law School...
Will be looking into the Scott Hapgood case and the Island of Anguilla. Something looks and sounds very wrong. I know Anguilla will want to see this case be properly and justly resolved! @foxandfriends @SteveDucey  @ainsleyearhardt
Large sections of WALL have already been built with much more either under construction or ready to go. Renovation of existing WALLS is also a very big part of the plan to finally after many decades properly Secure Our Border. The Wall is getting done one way or the other!
Dope Frank Bruni said I called many people including Karl Rove losers-true! I never called my friend @HowardStern a loser- he’s a winner!
Very excited to be returning to Iowa tomorrow to campaign for my friend &amp; strong Conservative leader @SteveKingIA!
“Jay Leno points out that comedy (on the very boring late night shows) is totally one-sided. It’s tough when there’s only one topic.” @foxandfriends  Actually the one-sided hatred on these shows is incredible and for me unwatchable. But remember WE are number one - President!
Fight hard tonight Colby. You are a real Champ! #MAGA 
....The Democrats none of whom voted for Jeff Sessions must love him now. Same thing with Lyin’ James Comey. The Dems all hated him wanted him out thought he was disgusting - UNTIL I FIRED HIM! Immediately he became a wonderful man a saint like figure in fact. Really sick!

Americans deserve to know the lowest drug price at their pharmacy but “gag clauses” prevent your pharmacist from telling you! I support legislation that will remove gag clauses and urge the Senate to act. #AmericanPatientsFirst
I hope that Derek Jeter has such a fantastic year with @Yankees that he changes his mind about retiring. Great guy!
I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 (15 minutes). Enjoy it and your day!
A really bad night for President Obama. Now the Republicans have to get together and get the job done!
We pause today to remember the 2403 American heroes who selflessly gave their lives at Pearl Harbor 75 years ago...
....they are destroying the Democrat Party. I’m appalled that so many of our Presidential candidates are falling all over themselves to try to agree with the four horsewomen of the apocalypse. I’m entitled to say that they’re Wack Jobs.”  Louisiana Senator John Kennedy
“Conservative support for Trump wall soars to 99 percent” 
Like it or not Edward Snowden is a SPY and should be tried as a SPY! He has stolen invaluable information and damaged us with other nations
Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting NOW. Look what is happening all over Europe and indeed the world - a horrible mess!
For 10 months China has been paying Tariffs to the USA of 25% on 50 Billion Dollars of High Tech and 10% on 200 Billion Dollars of other goods. These payments are partially responsible for our great economic results. The 10% will go up to 25% on Friday. 325 Billions Dollars....
I discuss yesterday's tragedy at the Boston Marathon in today's video blog. 
Which campaign is possibly on the trajectory towards insolvency?   At least @BarackObama is consistent.
Help those affected by #Sandy. @TrumpSoHo is giving $10 per booking made by 11/23 to @RedCross for #sandyrelief. 
Agreed! 

....Kahn reminds me very much of our very dumb and incompetent Mayor of NYC de Blasio who has also done a terrible job - only half his height. In any event I look forward to being a great friend to the United Kingdom and am looking very much forward to my visit. Landing now!
Win a dinner with @MittRomney and me in New York this June 28th. It's selling like hotcakes! 
Mike Pompeo met with Kim Jong Un in North Korea last week. Meeting went very smoothly and a good relationship was formed. Details of Summit are being worked out now. Denuclearization will be a great thing for World but also for North Korea!
Keep your momentum. Without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
.@CNN &amp; @MSNBC were all set to have a BIG victory until Dan Bishop won North Carolina 09. Now you will hear them barely talk about or cover the race. Fake News never wins!
Iran toys with U.S. days before we pay them ridiculously billions of dollars. Don't release money. We want our hostages back NOW!
Great job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber.
.@TheBrodyFile great job on @AC360. Thank you for the very smart and kind words!
Isn't it amazing that @CNN paid a fortune for an Iowa Poll which shows me in first place over Cruz by 13% 33% to 20% - then doesn't use it
.@VattenfallGroup doesn’t have the finances or financial statement to build the hated windfarm in Aberdeen.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Looking forward to a great weekend in Iowa! #IACaucus #CaucusForTrump Tickets:  

Dopey @Lord_Sugar—Look in the mirror and thank the real Lord that Donald Trump exists. You are nothing!
See problems as a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge---and remember to keep focused on your goals.
While Jeb Bush is cutting staff and salaries after having paid ridiculous amounts of money why did he pay so much in the first place?
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.Albert Einstein
The dishonest NY Daily News reporter advised my rep in writing "story is dead" and then put it out anyway. A total lie and she knew it!
The Democrats &amp; Shifty Schiff whose presentation to the Senate was loaded with lies and misrepresentations are refusing to state that the Obama Administration withheld aid from many countries including Ukraine Pakistan Philippines Egypt Honduras &amp; Mexico. Witch Hunt!
At the end of the day Obama won the battleground states by less than 500000 votes. This was a winnable race.  GOP needs to do better!
“It’s about the Economy stupid” except when it comes to Trump. The fact is the Fake News Media hates talking about the Economy and how incredible it is!
Will be back in Virginia tonight- for a 6pm rally at the Berglund Center in Roanoke. Join me! Tickets:… 
Just arrived in Green Bay Wisconsin for a #MAGA Rally. Big crowds - join me at 8:00 P.M. Eastern live on @FoxNews!

We are now at a time perhaps more than ever before when the World needs GREAT leadership!
Afghanistan's so called leader Karzai is toying with the U.S.
Via @AmericanThinker by Malcolm Unwell: “Taking Trump Seriously” 
Michigan has made great progress under Snyder-Calley. @MIGOP is out early energizing the grassroots. Keep it up! #JoinMITeam
With all that Congress has to work on do they really have to make the weakening of the Independent Ethics Watchdog as unfair as it
I believe this book will rock a lot of people. Don't just read #TImeToGetTough but share it with your friends and family! -RushLimbaugh
Thank you Helsinki Finland! 
Ted Cruz has now apologized to Marco Rubio and Ben Carson for fraud and dirty tricks. No wonder he has lost Evangelical support!
Why do shows have @ananavarro—Ntl Hispanic Chair for the losing McCain ’08 &amp; Huntsman ’12.  She’s a loser who doesn’t deliver votes.
The Hillary Clinton staged event yesterday was pathetic. Be careful Hillary as you play the war on women or women being degraded card.
Great news that the New York Stock Exchange won't be owned by a German company. European regulators turned the (cont) 
I'm on @foxandfriends every Monday morning at 7:30...
‘Food Groups’ – Emails Show Clinton Campaign Organized Potential VPs By Race And Gender: 
Opening in 2016 @TrumpVancouver’s original twisting design will transform the skyline at 616 ft. &amp; 63 stories 
I am very proud of @IvankaTrump for her work with @Cookies4kids.  @Cookies4kids is a great cause helping children 
 Lights... Camera....You're Fired! All new @apprenticenbc tonight at 8PM ET on NBC!
Thank you @NFIB- together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  
Speech in Dallas went really well. Big and wonderful crowd. Just arrived in L.A. Big day tomorrow!
You pick it! #1. Anybody that says anything derogatory about @BarackObama is labeled stupid insane or (cont) 
....Why would Kentucky ever think of giving up the most powerful position in Congress the Senate Majority Leader for a freshman Senator with little power in what will hopefully be the minority party. We need Mitch in the Senate to Keep America Great!!
.... Amazon like the Washington Post. It’s hard to remember that not so long ago America had prestige media outlets but not anymore.” @TuckerCarlson   The Fake News Media is the true Enemy of the People!
Sleepy Joe Biden! 
Getting ready to address the Farm Convention today in Nashville Tennessee. Love our farmers love Tennessee - a great combination! See you in a little while.
 
Looking forward to addressing the record setting crowd tonight at the New York County Lincoln Day Dinner. Lots to talk about!
I'm not going to be watching much NFL football anymore. Too time consuming too boring too many flags and too soft. Focus on other things!
The World Bank is tying poverty to ‘climate change’   And we wonder why international organizations are ineffective.
....There are lots of really good lawyers in the country he could have picked somebody else!” And I wish I did!
Democrats should stop fighting Sen. David Perdue’s disaster relief bill. They are blocking funding and relief for our great farmers and rural America!
.@troybalderson is doing a great job as Congressman from Ohio. We need him in D.C. Vote for Troy - He has my total Endorsement!
Thank you @FrankLuntz - for saying I was a winner tonight. It is my great honor. #Trump2016
Which is worse and which is more dishonest - the #Oscars or the Emmys?
Thanks @WWE--@VinceMcMahon is an amazing guy.
THANK YOU! #AmericaFirst 
Via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1: “Obama’s Amnesty Will Give Illegal Aliens Public Benefits”  
Tonight be sure to watch Melania and Ivanka on Larry King Live for a Celebrity Relief Telethon  
HRC is using the oldest play in the Dem playbook- when their policies fail they are left w/this one tired argument!
DEFEAT TERRORISM! 
In a hypothetical poll done by one of the worst pollsters of them all the Amazon Washington Post/ABC which predicted I would lose to Crooked Hillary by 15 points (how did that work out?) Sleepy Joe Pocahontas and virtually all others would beat me in the General Election....
Great reception in Jamestown by both REPUBLICANS &amp; DEMOCRATS. Respect for our Country’s incredible Heritage. Thank you!
The Republican House Freedom Caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. After so many bad years they were ready for a win!
Obama has exempted businesses his staff and all of Congress from ObamaCare.  Why is he still forcing the monstrosity on the U.S.?
Thx and from a better quotation source: "You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." -- Wayne Gretzky
Wow! Big pushback on Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York for his really dumb statement about America’s lack of greatness. I have already MADE America Great Again just look at the markets jobs military- setting records and we will do even better. Andrew “chocked” badly mistake!
FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits. 90 days to go?!!!
People believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary....that's really saying something!
ISIS is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack at Ohio State University by a Somali refugee who should not have been in our country.
Designed by @jacknicklaus Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point's 18-hole course sits by the Bronx's Whitestone Bridge 
So sad that Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer will never be able to see or understand the great promise of our Country. They can continue the Witch Hunt which has already cost $40M and been a tremendous waste of time and energy for everyone in America or get back to work....
The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit  doesn't mean I think it can happen. It can't-but a ceasefire can&amp; did!
We are going to demand Congress secure the border in the upcoming CR. Illegal immigration must end!
“All the things I love is what my business is all about.” - @MarthaStewart
Happy belated birthday wishes to @BarbaraJWalters. Barbara is terrific!
Will be at Fort Worth (Texas) Convention Center at 11:30 A.M. Big crowd - get there early! Big announcement to be made!
Walmart announces great numbers. No impact from Tariffs (which are contributing $Billions to our Treasury). Inflation low (do you hear that Powell?)!
The New York Times is at its lowest point in its long and storied history. Not only is it losing a lot of money but it is a journalistic disaster being laughed at even in the most liberal of enclaves. It has become a very sad joke all all over the World. Witch Hunt hurt them...
Why did @BarackObama let Iran keep our drone? Now it is going straight to the Chinese. He should have taken it out.
If you want to be a success you have to get used to frequently hearing the word no and ignoring it. - Think Big
Virginia has the best Unemployment and Economic numbers in the history of the State. If the Democrats get in those numbers will go rapidly in the other direction. On Tuesday Vote Republican!
The HISTORIC Rescissions Package we’ve proposed would cut $15000000000 in Wasteful Spending! We are getting our government back on track.
The @SenTedCruz endorsement was a wonderful surprise. I greatly appreciate his support! We will have a tremendous victory on November 8th.
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.-- Thomas A. Edison
...New Donna B book says she paid for and stole the Dem Primary. What about the deleted E-mails Uranium Podesta the Server plus plus...
.@RepMikeTurner  “The only time that Michael Cohen told the truth is when he pled that he is guilty.”  Also when he said no collusion and I did not tell him to lie!”
When a politician admits that “We’re not going to make America great again” there doesn’t seem to be much reason to ever vote for him. This could be a career threatening statement by Andrew Cuomo with many wanting him to resign-he will get higher ratings than his brother Chris!
'Over 250000 to Lose Health Insurance in Battleground North Carolina Due to #Obamacare'
Ivanka on @foxandfriends now!
Report out that Obama Campaign paid $972000 to Fusion GPS. The firm also got $12400000 (really?) from DNC. Nobody knows who OK'd!
Rick Scott of Florida is doing a fantastic job as Governor. Jobs are pouring into the State and its economic health is better than ever before. He is strong on Crime Borders and loves our Military and Vets. Vote for Rick on Tuesday!
A great ad from @MittRomney showing "A Few of the 23 Million" unemployed who need economic change  Take it to him Mitt!
#DDay75thAnniversary #DDay75 
There will be a News Conference by the CoronaVirus Task Force today at the White House 5 P.M. @VP  We are working closely with the Governors of our Country’s great States which are a very big factor. They are working hard along with us to get the job properly done.....
So bad for our Country! 
Enter the contest.... stay at Trump International Hotel Las Vegas
Why is it that the horrendous protesters who scream curse punch shut down roads/doors during my RALLIES  are never blamed by media? SAD!
Rush Limbaugh: "Trump Has Changed the Entire Debate on Immigration" 
Jeff Zucker failed @NBC and he is now failing @CNN.
Thank you @GovBillLee. We are a phone call away and here for you! 
Anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying "sources said" DO NOT believe it. There are no sources they are just made up lies!
Wow! What a great honor from @DRUDGE_REPORT 
What controversy? 2 'active' @BarackObama supporters at Bain have confirmed that @MittRomney left in '99  No story here.
Never never never give up. - Winston Churchill
If a deal is made with China our great American Farmers will be treated better than they have ever been treated before!
.@GovernorPerry failed on the border. He should be forced to take an IQ test before being allowed to enter the GOP debate.
.....are there no “High Crimes and Misdemeanors” there are no Crimes by me at all. All of the Crimes were committed by Crooked Hillary the Dems the DNC and Dirty Cops - and we caught them in the act! We waited for Mueller and WON so now the Dems look to Congress as last hope!
I don’t know Dennis Kozlowski who made Tyco into a great company &amp; then went to prison but he’s up for parole—let him go!

Mississippi there is a VERY important election for Governor on November 5th. I need you to Get Out and Vote for our Great Republican nominee @TateReeves. Tate is strong on Crime tough on Illegal Immigration and will protect your Second Amendment....
Thank you Pittsburgh Pennsylvania! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst 
Trump Thunders at Media for Smearing His Supporters after Bomb Scares  via @BreitbartNews
The Fed “raised” way too early and way too much. Their quantitative tightening was another big mistake. While our Country is doing very well the potential wealth creation that was missed especially when measured against our debt is staggering. We are competing with other.....
The Failing New York Times criticized Secretary of State Pompeo for being AWOL (missing) when in fact he was flying to North Korea. Fake News so bad!
Can you imagine trading five really bad enemies of the U.S. for the freedom of traitor Bergdahl. Just another bad deal!

Excited by my acquisition of Doral Hotel & Country Club in Miami--already world class but will soon be The Best.
CHAIN MIGRATION cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on Immigration!
Lyin'Ted Cruz is weak &amp; losing big so now he wants to debate again. But according to DrudgeTime and on-line polls I have won all debates
Now another Obama speech from 2002 with him talking about taking the rich's 'stuff'  Who is this guy? Where's the media?
So now it is reported that after destroying his life &amp; the life of his wonderful family (and many others also) the FBI working in conjunction with the Justice Department has “lost” the records of General Michael Flynn. How convenient. I am strongly considering a Full Pardon!
I certainly hope the Democrats do not force Nancy P out. That would be very bad for the Republican Party - and please let Cryin' Chuck stay!
I will be interviewed on @TODAY Show at 7:00 A.M. and on Morning Joe at 7:20.
Will be interviewed on @JudgeJeanine at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!
.... but you only want to talk about 10 years later when I still win 10PM in all key demos.@DannyZuker
On Jimmy Fallon tonight.
Congratulations to @TigerWoods. a truly Great Champion!
Congratulations @StLouisBlues! 
“OMB Official: Ukraine Aid Held Up Because Other Countries Weren't Giving” 
I will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Great new ad from @MittRomney titled "Nothing's Free"  detailing both the high costs and taxes of ObamaCare.
Can anyone imagine Chafee as president? No way.
Via @washingtonpost by @costareports: “Trump says he is serious about 2016 bid is hiring staff and delaying TV gig” 
I agree with @jimcramer the Fed should lower rates. They were WAY too early to raise and Way too late to cut - and big dose quantitative tightening didn’t exactly help either. Where did I find this guy Jerome? Oh well you can’t win them all!
“Congress cannot Impeach President Trump (did nothing wrong) because if they did they would be putting themselves above the law. The Constitution provides criteria for Impeachment - treason bribery high crimes &amp;  misdemeanors. Unless there is compelling evidence Impeachment...
.@DennisRodman re @Omarosa is right she’s becoming predictable.
Just had a long and very good talk with President Moon of South Korea. Things are going very well time and location of meeting with North Korea is being set. Also spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan to inform him of the ongoing negotiations.
Donald Trump's back with 14 'Apprentice' All-Stars  via @AP
“The Conservative does not despise government. He despises tyranny." - @marklevinshow
The dishonest media didn't mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crooked's speech. He wishes he didn't make that deal!
Next week the Senate is going to vote on legislation to save Americans from the ObamaCare DISASTER. #WeeklyAddress🇺🇸 
Today my Administration provided HISTORIC levels of funding to improve school safety through STOP School Violence grants – a top priority for @sandyhook. I am committed to keeping our children SAFE in their schools!
Today the U.S. flag flies at half-staff at the @WhiteHouse in honor of National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day.  
In less than 30 minutes- watch the season premiere of @ApprenticeNBC on NBC.
It was a great honor to be with President @EmmanuelMacron of France this afternoon with his delegation. Great bilateral meeting! #UNGA 
Russia continues to say they had nothing to do with Meddling in our Election! Where is the DNC Server and why didn’t Shady James Comey and the now disgraced FBI agents take and closely examine it? Why isn’t Hillary/Russia being looked at? So many questions so much corruption!
“Donald Trump on 'Brutal' New Season of @ApprenticeNBC”   via @YahooTV
Entrepreneurs: Get--and keep--your momentum going. Without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Check out today's From The Desk Of Donald Trump at  I'm willing to answer your questions tweet me....
.@BreitbartNews is much smarter than sleepy eyes @chucktodd  @nbc   Thanks to Steve Bannon &amp; real reporters.
Is President Obama trying to destroy Israel with all his bad moves? Think about it and let me know!
The truth is that we could have much better healthcare in our country at a much more affordable price - everyone in U.S. would benefit!
The Dems were trying to distance themselves from the four “progressives” but now they are forced to embrace them. That means they are endorsing Socialism hate of Israel and the USA! Not good for the Democrats!
What could be better than dinner with @MittRomney and me? 
The Ryder Cup will be amazing this week.
Happy 72nd Birthday to our GREAT @USAirForce! #HBDUSAF  
Very important that OPEC increase the flow of Oil. World Markets are fragile price of Oil getting too high. Thank you!
“Trump: 'Never Give Up' on Farmland Value Rally”  @TerryBranstad @KimReynoldsIA @ChuckGrassley @SenJoniErnst @BNorthey
Enjoying the Olympics.  Great coverage by @NBC as well. GO TEAM USA!
Wow just heard that that next Tuesday’s @saintanselm Politics &amp; Eggs is the largest crowd ever. Looking forward to making new friends.
Talking with @SammartinoBruno backstage-  #WWEHOF
Crazy @megynkelly says I don't (won't) go on her show and she still gets good ratings. But almost all of her shows are negative hits on me!
It was a great honor to welcome Atlanta's heroic first responders to the White House this afternoon! 
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower Toronto.  #1 in all of Canada.     
We have fully signed and documented another very important part of the Immigration and Security deal with Mexico one that the U.S. has been asking about getting for many years. It will be revealed in the not too distant future and will need a vote by Mexico’s Legislative body!..
Meet me at @TrumpTowerNY and get your copy of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA signed on 11/3 at 12pm! 
If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party they have no future! I know more about Cory than he knows about himself.
Our country is blowing up and @BarackObama is out campaigning.
.@HillaryClinton and Obama policies increased debt by $9trillion over the last 8 years
Former Homeland Security Advisor Jeh Johnson is latest top intelligence official to state there was no grand scheme between Trump &amp; Russia.
It is time to remember that...
Had a great time in Myrtle Beach and Charleston this past Saturday and Monday. Looking forward to going back soon.
Today @MittRomney addressed the NAACP. @BarackObama takes their vote for granted which is why there is such high Black unemployment.
.@TrumpChicago’s exceptional dining w/equally exceptional views of the city are exclusive world-class experiences 
Weekly AddressJoin me here:  
Have you seen the new #Trump fall collection exclusively available @Macys? Top selling brand nationwide.Ties shirts fragrance-great gifts.
“Exclusive: Donald Trump wants to build a luxury hotel in Dubai”      via @itp_ab by @ctrenwith
Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my "wires tapped" in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!
Why isn’t AG Schneiderman going after Democrat Jon Corzine and the $1.4 billion that is “missing?”
Good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c I stand 100% behind everything we do.
Thank you! 
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain
Now up to 187 Federal Judges and two great new Supreme Court Justices. We are in major record territory. Hope EVERYONE is happy! 
My beautiful wife Melania will be appearing on QVC this evening from 8 to 9 pm.
I will be the featured guest on the season opener of  @60Minutes this Sunday. There certainly is plenty to talk about!
....We are a long way from conclusion on North Korea maybe things will work out and maybe they won’t - only time will tell....But the work I am doing now should have been done a long time ago!
..."Apprentice" was #1 among ABC CBS and NBC from 10:30-11 p.m. in all key demos (adults men and women 18-34 18-49 and 25-54)- Nielsen.
I will be making a major announcement concerning the Humanitarian Crisis on our Southern Border and the Shutdown tomorrow afternoon at 3 P.M. live from the @WhiteHouse.
Keep it fast short and direct - whatever it is. --Donald J. Trump 
US froze $8B in Iranian assets during ’79 Hostage Crisis. Now Obama is giving it back to Iran while Christian Pastor is jailed. Don't do it!
The Fed should lower rates (there is almost no inflation) and loosen making us competitive with other nations and manufacturing will SOAR! Dollar is very strong relative to others.
Tomorrow we celebrate Independence Day America's 236th birthday. Here is America's actual birth certificate   
America's debt is greater than our GDP. Time for new thinking.
Lou Dobbs: “This cannot go forward...this Special Counsel with all of his conflicts with his 17 Angry Democrats without any evidence of collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia. The Dems are the ones who should be investigated.” Thank you Lou so true!
I am watching two clown announcers on @FoxNews as they try to build up failed presidential candidate #LittleMarco. Fox News is in the bag!
Hillary can never win over Bernie supporters. Her foreign wars NAFTA/TPP support &amp; Wall Street ties are driving away millions of votes.
Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success. - Henry Ford
Republicans have created the best economy in the HISTORY of our Country – and the hottest jobs market on planet earth. The Democrat Agenda is a Socialist Nightmare. The Republican Agenda is the AMERICAN DREAM!  
The recent Kansas election (Congress) was a really big media event until the Republicans won. Now they play the same game with Georgia-BAD!
John Kasich should focus his special interest money on building up his failed image not negative ads on me.
My thoughts on last night's Celebrity Apprentice  as well as my latest video blog at 
Find out who and what is the best in your field. Identify the trendsetters leaders and authorities. Learn the standards they follow.
I have decided to postpone my trip to Israel and to schedule my meeting with @Netanyahu at a later date after I become President of the U.S.
See the new sizzle reel for The Apprentice   
Via @BreitbartNews: “EXCLUSIVE - TRUMP COUNSEL 'CANNOT CONFIRM OR DENY' INTEREST IN BUYING NEW YORK TIMES” 
Republicans are always saying Obama is such a nice guy. When will they learn that he is not?
.@jessebwatters You did a great job hosting @oreillyfactor. Everybody loved it! Thank you for the nice words.
Thank you Oregon! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Letter to @Univision - Re: @TrumpDoral 
26000 sexual assaults in the military last year-way up from previous years. Armed Forces are in total turmoil!
 
Washington Dems have spent the last 3 years trying to overturn the last election – and we will make sure they face another crushing defeat in the NEXT ELECTION. Together we are going to win back the House we are going to hold the Senate &amp; we are going to keep the White House! 
Obama lied to the public about the Al Qaeda attack on our consulate in Libya. He should be held accountable.
....Sadly past Administrations have allowed China to get so far ahead of Fair and Balanced Trade that it has become a great burden to the American Taxpayer. As President I can no longer allow this to happen! In the spirit of achieving Fair Trade we must Balance this very....
...It is all a GIANT AND ILLEGAL HOAX developed long before the election itself but used as an excuse by the Democrats as to why Crooked Hillary Clinton lost the Election! Someday the Fake News Media will turn honest &amp; report that Donald J. Trump was actually a GREAT Candidate!
Via @FSMtweet: “Trump is Right: Illegal Alien Crime is Staggering in Scope and Savagery” 
.....nice call with with the new President of Ukraine it could not have been better or more honorable and the Fake News Media and Democrats working as a team have fraudulently made it look bad. It wasn’t bad it was very legal and very good. A continuing Witch Hunt!
Congress must approve the deal without all of the nonsense today. The longer it takes the harder it will be to start up our economy. Our workers will be hurt!
Mini Mike “Three months ago I entered the race for President to defeat Donald Trump (and I failed miserably!).
The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!
The first ever All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC premieres Sunday March 3rd! 
China will now pass our economy this year way ahead of projections. Pres. Obama – China’s greatest asset!
If I would have offered Obama a billion dollars to show his records he would have refused.
There is no substitute for hard work.--Thomas Edison
....during a debate). Pocahontas was mean &amp; undisciplined mostly aiming at Crazy Bernie and Mini Mike. They don’t know how to handle her but I know she is a “chocker”. Steyer was a disaster who along with Mini are setting records in $’s per vote. Just give me an opponent!
Happy Lá Fheile Phadraig to all of my great Irish friends!
I would like to thank two Great Iowa Senators @ChuckGrassley and @SenJoniErnst - for their support today on the Spending Bill. Their vote and the vote of other Republicans and Democrats helped get this done in a bipartisan fashion. Thank you all!
One who fears failure limits his activities. Failure is only the opportunity to more intelligently begin again. -- Henry Ford
Mika Brzezinski: Dem Criticism of Comey Reinforcing Idea ‘There’s Something There' 
Time Warner cable out AGAIN in Manhattan - no television. They have a real problem!
Read this about @Lawrence.... 
I am landing shortly. Can’t wait to be with our GREAT MILITARY. See you soon! 
Looks like Plan B is stuck with the mechanical dog. @THEGaryBusey has latched on and won’t let go. #CelebApprentice
Congratulations to @CNN for having the wisdom to pick TRUMP! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
United States looks more and more like a paper tiger. Won't be that way if I win!
Big G7 meetings today. Lots of very important matters under discussion. First on the list of course is terrorism. #G7Taormina
Just leaving Knoxville TN --- what a crowd what amazing people! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
A top firm like Cooley will only submit a case they believe in and can win.
“Some people dream of great accomplishments while others stay awake and do them.”   Anonymous
When Obama took office in 2009 employer-provided premiums cost $13375. Today they are $18142. Thanks Obama.
.@RICKYMONEY  I don't know a lot about failures. And as you know I never went bankrupt.
“When you’re at a meeting monitor your behavior and work at being an observer – of yourself and of others.” – Think Like a Billionaire
The Village @Trump_Charlotte offers a variety of 5 Star dining experiences for everyday dining &amp; catered affairs 
Played golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and @TheBig_Easy Ernie Els and had a great time. Japan is very well represented!
....However out of respect for the Bush Family and former President George H.W. Bush we will wait until after the funeral to have a press conference.
Together we will continue unleashing the power of American enterprise so every American can know the dignity of work and the pride of a paycheck. With your help we will elect a Republican Congress to create a safe modern fair and LAWFUL system of immigration! #MAGA2020 
21 days goes very quickly. Negotiations with Democrats will start immediately. Will not be easy to make a deal both parties very dug in. The case for National Security has been greatly enhanced by what has been happening at the Border &amp; through dialogue. We will build the Wall!
Join me in Greensboro North Carolina tomorrow at 2:00pm! # 
Thank you to Joe Passov (Travelin’ Joe) of Golf Magazine for the great article…  
James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia. This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it!
Have to go now to sign a great and job producing deal! Good night.
Now Chinese agents are smuggling our military weapons through rogue US soldiers  China loves to cheat!
.@GretchenCarlson's memoir is a powerful example of perseverance &amp; hope. “Getting Real” is as real as it gets. Get it &amp; enjoy! #GettingReal
Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails.
The liberal clown  @ariannahuff told her minions at the money losing @HuffingtonPost to cover me as enterainment. I am #1 in Huff Post Poll.
If elected POTUS - I will stop RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM in this country! In order to do this we need to… 
I'm not against vaccinations for your children I'm against them in 1 massive dose.Spread them out over a period of time &amp; autism will drop!
Presidential Harassment!
My @FoxNews interview with @gretawire discussing the #CNNDebate and how to deal with Iran without using force   
I inherited a total mess in Syria and Afghanistan the “Endless Wars” of unlimited spending and death. During my campaign I said very strongly that these wars must finally end. We spend $50 Billion a year in Afghanistan and have hit them so hard that we are now talking peace...
Congress just passed the Criminal Justice Reform Bill known as the #FirstStepAct. Congratulations! This is a great bi-partisan achievement for everybody. When both parties work together we can keep our Country safer. A wonderful thing for the U.S.A.!!
Looking forward to speaking @nranews Convention in Nashville  The 2nd Amendment is a right not a privilege!
I can’t believe Apple isn’t moving faster to create a larger iPhone screen. Bring back Steve Jobs!
As usual the Fed did NOTHING! It is incredible that they can “speak” without knowing or asking what I am doing which will be announced shortly. We have a very strong dollar and a very weak Fed. I will work “brilliantly” with both and the U.S. will do great...
Just leaving Wisconsin. @ScottWalker and @LeahVukmir are fantastic people badly needed for our Country! #MAGA 
.@BlairKamin Blair you may be the worst architectural critic in the business but thanks for your nice reviews about Trump Chicago &amp; sign PR
Blue Ribbon Commission to find and agree to future spending cuts? Bad idea.
Fun fact for my 2M+ followers - the 'Architect' Karl Rove blew $400M in the 2012 election with a success rate of 1.6%.
Tomorrow at 11AM #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Obama said in his speech that Muslims are our sports heroes. What sport is he talking about and who? Is Obama profiling?
We're not talking about religion; we're talking about security. #
So funny Crooked Hillary called BREXIT so incorrectly and now she says that she is the one to deal with the U.K. All talk no action!
Another radical Islamic attack this time in Pakistan targeting Christian women &amp; children. At least 67 dead400 injured. I alone can solve
Amazing--Obama speaks market goes  DOWN---Trump tells CNBC he's buying stock---market goes UP --- should not be that way!
Roger Goodell must stop apologizing to everyone who will listen and toughen up. His street smart players are laughing at him and the NFL!
The Time Magazine list of the 100 Most Influential People is a joke and stunt of a magazine that will like Newsweeksoon be dead. Bad list!
Nancy Pelosi needs help fast! There is either something wrong with her “upstairs” or she just plain doesn’t like our great Country. She had a total meltdown in the White House today. It was very sad to watch. Pray for her she is a very sick person!
Just as I said last October census workers cooked the job numbers for Obama right before the election 
Walmart a great indicator as to how the U.S. is doing just released outstanding numbers. Our Country unlike others is doing great! Don’t let the Fake News convince you otherwise.
.@Theresa_May don’t focus on me focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom. We are doing just fine!
How come Snowden and ObamaCare have access to all records and information but don't have even the smallest tidbits on President Obama?
The Democrats should be ashamed. This is a disgrace!#DrainTheSwamp 
#CrookedHillary 
Tonight @FLOTUS Melania and I were thrilled to welcome so many wonderful friends to the @WhiteHouse – and wish them all a very # 
Wow CNN just said that Donald Trump won the DEBATE connected best with audience. Also Time Drudge Newsmax N.Y.Times and more!
.@lightjzup  Industrial turbines are destroying our land.
Has anyone noticed that the top shows on @foxnews and cable ratings are those that are Fair (or great) to your favorite President me! Congratulations to @seanhannity for being the number one shoe on Cable Television!
Mexico must use its very strong immigration laws to stop the many thousands of people trying to get into the USA. Our detention areas are maxed out &amp; we will take no more illegals. Next step is to close the Border! This will also help us with stopping the Drug flow from Mexico!
Governor Jerry “Moonbeam” Brown pardoned 5 criminal illegal aliens whose crimes include (1) Kidnapping and Robbery (2) Badly beating wife and threatening a crime with intent to terrorize (3) Dealing drugs. Is this really what the great people of California want? @FoxNews
Thank you Delaware! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain # 
Trump is going to be our President. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead." So much time and money will be spent - same result! Sad
Thank you! 
I'm going to be live with @ericbolling and @kimguilfoyle to ring in the New Year 2016. Everybody should tune in to @foxnews tomorrow night!
The FAKE MSM is working so hard trying to get me not to use Social Media. They hate that I can get the honest and unfiltered message out.
The opening of #TrumpScotland- an exciting day on perhaps the world's best golf course watch the video- 
With oil below $50 the blighted views by windfarms of historic @CulzeanCastle will be very sad. #SaveCulzean 
(Kiddingly) We’re building a Wall in Colorado”(then stated “we’re not building a Wall in Kansas but they get the benefit of the Wall we’re building on the Border”) refered to people in the very packed auditorium from Colorado &amp; Kansas getting the benefit of the Border Wall!
Crooked Hillary wants a radical 500% increase in Syrian refugees. We can’t allow this. Time to get smart and protect America!
If I hadn’t won the 2016 Election we would be in a Great Recession/Depression right now. The people I saw on stage last night &amp; you can add in Sleepy Joe Harris &amp; the rest will lead us into an economic sinkhole the likes of which we have never seen before. With me only up!
....of Ukraine and cannot find any reason to charge the President with high crimes &amp; misdemeanors. This is just a phony Witch Hunt perpetuated by Democrats to get rid of Trump because they cannot beat him in a fair election.”  Richard Ketay
All in for Senator Steve Daines as he proposes an Amendment for a strong BAN on burning our American Flag. A no brainer!
It is ONLY about this! 
My interview last night with Greta on Fox News    
More than anything else I think deal-making is an ability you're born with. It's in the genes. #TheArtofTheDeal
I never heard of @DannyZucker until his very dumb and endless tweets started pouring out of insecure mind-but I have a great deal for him!
Massive combined inoculations to small children is the cause for big increase in autism....
Thank you @JackBrewerBSI. We’re with you all the way. The American people know what’s going on they totally get it. Watch what happens in November 2020! Thank you for your continued support. Together we are going to KEEP AMERICA GREAT! #BlackVoicesforTrump 
China's Financial Institutions are expanding overseas. They will own everything if we don't stop them now.
Wishing all of those celebrating #Hanukkah around the world a happy and healthy eight nights in the company of those they love.  
Virtually everything failed lawyer Michael Cohen said in his sworn testimony last week is totally contradicted in his just released manuscript for a book about me. It’s a total new love letter to “Trump” and the pols must now use it rather than his lies for sentence reduction!
Our FIFTH 1K milestone of 2017!#DOW24K #MAGA 
Thanks to @johnrich for putting on such a great concert fot @Stjude. John was a winner on Celebrity Apprentice and is a fantastic guy.
People are really liking my new book "Crippled America." Check it out!
Wow! 
A big scandal at @ABC News. They got caught using really gruesome FAKE footage of the Turks bombing in Syria. A real disgrace. Tomorrow they will ask softball questions to Sleepy Joe Biden’s son Hunter like why did Ukraine &amp; China pay you millions when you knew nothing? Payoff?
Joe Biden got tongue tied over the weekend when he was unable to properly deliver a very simple line about his decision to run for President. Get used to it another low I.Q. individual!
Congratulations to Doug Jones on a hard fought victory. The write-in votes played a very big factor but a win is a win. The people of Alabama are great and the Republicans will have another shot at this seat in a very short period of time. It never ends!
Tennessee GOP  32.7%Cruz 16.5%Carson 6.6%Rubio 5.3%Christie 2.4%Jeb 1.6%
Congrats to @cheflents of TrumpCollection's #TrumpChicago on being a James Beard semifinalist:  via @CrainsChicago
The Tonight Show @nbc will be amazing - 11:30 P.M.  ENJOY!
Congratulations to @AlabamaFTBL on winning the BCS championship last night!
When I terminated John Kelly which I couldn’t do fast enough he knew full well that he was way over his head. Being Chief of Staff just wasn’t for him. He came in with a bang went out with a whimper but like so many X’s he misses the action &amp; just can’t keep his mouth shut.
The Democrats lead by head clown Chuck Schumer know how bad ObamaCare is and what a mess they are in. Instead of working to fix it they..
Congratulations to Bill O’Brien on being named the Republican Speaker of the NH House. Well-earned &amp; well-deserved. A great guy.
Stock market hits another high with spirit and enthusiasm so positive. Jobs outlook looking very good! #MAGA🇺🇸 
On Sunday Jerome Bettis 'the bus' from the Pittsburgh Steelers will play at Trump Int'l Golf Club/Palm Beach against Julius Erving 'Dr J'
THANK YOU @WEF! 
Great being with the National Champion Clemson Tigers last night at the White House. Because of the Shutdown I served them massive amounts of Fast Food (I paid) over 1000 hamberders etc. Within one hour it was all gone. Great guys and big eaters!
There are a lot of CRIMINALS in the Caravan. We will stop them. Catch and Detain! Judicial Activism by people who know nothing about security and the safety of our citizens is putting our country in great danger. Not good!
#3.  Look at the solution not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
BIG NEWS! As I promised two weeks ago the first shipment of LNG has just left the Cameron LNG Export Facility in Louisiana. Not only have thousands of JOBS been created in USA we’re shipping freedom and opportunity abroad!
Leaving for the GREAT STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA now to make a speech about how to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
“General Michael Flynn’s attorney is demanding that charges be immediately dropped after they found that FBI Agents manipulated records against him. They say that James Clapper told a reporter to “take a kill shot at Flynn. This has been a complete setup of Michael Flynn....
Congratulations to Kristian Saucier a man who has served proudly in the Navy on your newly found Freedom. Now you can go out and have the life you deserve!
Via @BBCNews: “US property tycoon Donald Trump confirms Turnberry buy” 
Texas is lucky to have him--- @GovernorPerry is a great guy!
“The questions are an intrusion into the President’s Article 2  powers under the Constitution to fire any Executive Branch Employee...what the President was thinking is an outrageous.....as to the President’s unfettered power to fire anyone...” Joe Digenova former US Attorney
This is a great time for @RickSantorum to bow out with dignity.
.@GolfMonthly re: my Scottish course “Quite simply this is not the best new links course in the UK it is the best links course full stop"
The Mullahs laughed when @BarackObama "asked" Iran to return our drone--they will show it to China first.
Dan Bishop was down 17 points 3 weeks ago. He then asked me for help we changed his strategy together and he ran a great race. Big Rally last night. Now it looks like he is going to win. @CNN &amp; @MSNBC are moving their big studio equipment and to talent out. Stay tuned!
Congratulations to Bryan Steil on a wonderful win last night. You will be replacing a great guy in Paul Ryan and your win in November will make the entire State of Wisconsin very proud. You have my complete and total Endorsement!
We need a strong leader- and fast! 
The election is still close but trending toward @MittRomney. He leads all national polls and Obama's likeability is imploding. VOTE!
.@Graeme_McDowell   Great playing Graeme - you are a true champion!
Rated Toronto's #1 hotel @TrumpTO has 261 guest rooms &amp; suites furnished in elegant cosmopolitan style.  
She is so sad and pathetic that I almost feel sorry for Sec.Sebelius. She has done great harm to many people and must be fired. Incompetent!
ATTN: @HillaryClinton - Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY?! #BigLeagueTruth #Debates
Donald Trump Ed Koch and the Ice Skating Rink: A Tale of Bureaucracy  @ActonInstitute
Thank you Pennsylvania- I am forever grateful for your amazing support. Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA… 
#VFWConvention @VFWHQ 
Senator Bob Corker just stated that “I’m so priveledged to serve in the Senate for twelve years and that’s what I told the people of our state that’s what I’d do serve for two terms.” But that is Not True - wanted to run but poll numbers TANKED when I wouldn’t endorse him.....
Sleepy Chuck Todd of NBC falls far short of the late great Tim Russert.
On my way to Hershey Pennsylvania for a rally. See everyone soon. I love Hershey chocolate! 
The S&P are losers. They did this for personal publicity in order to straighten out their terrible reputatio… (cont) 
Many Democrats up for reelection in 2012 are skipping the DNC convention in Charlotte  Smart politics!
THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA! With your help your devotion and your drive we are going to keep on working we are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep ON WINNING! We are ONE movement ONE people ONE family and ONE GLORIOUS NATION UNDER GOD! 
Mike has been a fantastic Senator! 
Via @Newsmax_Media: “Trump: @KarlRove ‘The Most Over-rated Man in Politics’” 
I hear they are very unhappy w/ Arianna and @huffingtonpost at @AOL. I’ll bet she won’t be there for long!
You are always there for us – THE MEN AND WOMEN IN BLUE.Thank you to our police thank you to our sheriffs and thank you to our law enforcement families. God Bless you all and GOD BLESS AMERICA! #LESM 
Everyone is laughing at the @nytimes for the lame hit piece they did on me and women.I gave them many names of women I helped-refused to use
DOJ just issued the McCabe report - which is a total disaster. He LIED! LIED! LIED! McCabe was totally controlled by Comey - McCabe is Comey!! No collusion all made up by this den of thieves and lowlifes!
Tiger Woods showed great class in the way he answered the question about the Office of the Presidency and me. Now they say the so-called “left” is angry at him. So sad but the “center &amp; right” loves Tiger Kanye George Foreman Jim Brown &amp; so many other greats even more.......
I'm on @CNN's @AC360 tonight @8pm &amp; @FoxNews' @seanhannity @ 10PM discussing immigration and lots of other things.#LetsMakeAmericaGreatAgain
With approximately 100000 CoronaVirus cases worldwide and 3280 deaths the United States because of quick action on closing our borders has as of now only 129 cases (40 Americans brought in) and 11 deaths. We are working very hard to keep these numbers as low as possible!
Just left a great event in Pella. Going to church tomorrow in Muscatine Iowa.
Just did theToday Show to announce that Baton Rouge Louisiana will host the Miss USA Pageant on Sunday June 8th. @Miss USA.
Watching the returns at 9:45pm. #ElectionNight #MAGA🇺🇸 
Today we honor all of our Country’s Purple Heart recipients their loved ones and our Gold Star Families for their immeasurable sacrifice. These American Patriots represent the unyielding and unmatched strength and determination of the U.S. Armed Forces:  
.@OMAROSA as a cashier- a big mistake by @BrandenRoderick. #CelebApprentice
Isn't it ironic that China is going all in nuclear for energy while at the same time making wind turbines for others. @alexsalmond
.@alexsalmond @pressjournal  RT @rdowns @realdonaldtrump Margaret Thatcher NEVER would have allowed those wind mill monstrosities.
We must all be united in offering assistance to everyone suffering in Puerto Rico and elsewhere in the wake of this terrible disaster.
...home addresses – putting these selfless public servants in harm’s way. These radical protesters want ANARCHY – but the only response they will find from our government is LAW AND ORDER!
Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; have opportunity to submit question for my live streaming book signing 12/3 
Iran has become so unstable that the regime has shut down their entire Internet System so that the Great Iranian people cannot talk about the tremendous violence taking place within the country....
Jerome Corsi: ”This is not justice this is not America. This is a political prosecution. The Special Prosecutor (Counsel) to get this plea deal demanded I lie and violate the law. They’re the criminals.” He is not alone. 17 Angry Dems. People forced to lie. Sad!  @Trish_Regan
Not only did Congressman Ron DeSantis easily win the Republican Primary but his opponent in November is his biggest dream....a failed Socialist Mayor named Andrew Gillum who has allowed crime &amp; many other problems to flourish in his city. This is not what Florida wants or needs!
Congrats to @nbc on the success of the new smash show @NBCBlacklist. Fantastic suspense. Great acting. Must see TV!
A clip from guest hosting @extratv yesterday on @nbc discussing Halle Angus and Gen. Petraeus 
...Even though parts of healthcare could pass at 51 some really good things need 60. So many great future bills &amp; budgets need 60 votes....
.@LukeDonald You are so good and so talented that I have no doubt you will conquer the 18th hole at the "New" Blue Monster @DoralResort
Entrepreneurs: Follow your own path—it will bring you to the places you were meant to be.
Now that the long awaited Mueller Report conclusions have been released most Democrats and othershave gone back to the pre-Witch Hunt phase of their lives before Collusion Delusion took over. Others are pretending that their former hero Bob Mueller no longer exists!
Great mtg w/ @Cabinet today. Tomorrow I will be announcing the new head of the Fed. I think you will be extremely impressed by this person! 
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have  imagined. --Henry  David Thoreau
Congrats to R. Emmett Tyrrell Jr of @AmSpec for the fantastic piece on Benghazi.
Really pathetic how @FoxNews is trying to be so politically correct by loading the airwaves with Democrats like Chris Van Hollen the no name Senator from Maryland. He has been on forever playing up the Impeachment Hoax. Dems wouldn’t even give Fox their low ratings debates....
I want to know where is the money for Border Security and the WALL in this ridiculous Spending Bill and where will it come from after the Midterms? Dems are obstructing Law Enforcement and Border Security. REPUBLICANS MUST FINALLY GET TOUGH!
Thank you Mark! 
My @foxandfriends interview discussing  Chuck Hagel nomination Republicans terrible deal making &amp; where we go next 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Via @DMRegister by @KObradovich: “Donald Trump: Next president needs to be ‘a great one’” 
Oh no they are worried that they didn't read the Boston killer his rights and he may have a good legal argument. 12 year case to finish?  t
The latest book on Hillary—Wow a really tough one!   @RogerJStoneJr
Last night in Orlando Florida was incredible - massive crowd - THANK YOU FLORIDA! Today at 3:00 P.M. I will be in Alabama for last rally!
The truth continues to come out after 14 years. A truth that many in the media did not want to tell. #
There are now 119000 fewer Americans employed than there were in July. The economy is still terrible.
Please @21Club go back to your original menu and preparation. Believe me it was much better. Let me know when the change is made!
FLORIDA-Just like TX WE are w/you today we are w/you tomorrow &amp; we will be w/you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER to RESTORE RECOVER &amp; REBUILD! 
“Arrests of MS-13 Members Associates Up 83% Under Trump” 
US government's foreign indebtedness has grown over 72% under @BarackObama. He is bleeding us dry to China.
Govt. collapsing in Iraq only 2 weeks after withdrawal of our troops. Sadly I called this one and please remember I alone called it.
#AMERICA FIRST!
Enjoy the Super Bowl!
“Watch what people are cynical about and one can often discover what they lack.” -     General George S. Patton
Imposing dunes on the Aberdeenshire coastline @TrumpScotland’s Championship course is a classical Scottish links 
I hope people will start to focus on our Massive Tax Cuts for Business (jobs) and the Middle Class (in addition to Democrat corruption)!
Ungrateful TRAITOR Chelsea Manning who should never have been released from prison is now calling President Obama a weak leader. Terrible!
45000 construction &amp; manufacturing jobs in the U.S. Gulf Coast region. $20 billion investment. We are already winning again America!
Never seen such Republican ANGER &amp; UNITY as I have concerning the lack of investigation on Clinton made Fake Dossier (now $12000000?)....
I want to thank Steve Bannon for his service. He came to the campaign during my run against Crooked Hillary Clinton - it was great! Thanks S
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Just had a nice conversation with Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau of Canada. Great to hear that his wonderful wife Sophie is doing very well. The United States and Canada will continue to coordinate closely together on COVID-19.
Congratulations to Barack Obama for having 2012's debt already surpass 2011 
A Rigged System - They don’t want to turn over Documents to Congress. What are they afraid of? Why so much redacting? Why such unequal “justice?” At some point I will have no choice but to use the powers granted to the Presidency and get involved!
“There is no crime here. Entertaining this Impeachment is a joke. This whole thing should be dismissed.” @IngrahamAngle @FoxNews
Building a personal brand? Then focus on being great. Focus on being the best at what you do. Excellent article: 
Flattering. Over 500 upset people called Mar-a-Lago disappointed I am not running for President--but Mitt Romney will do a great job.
I will be doing The Howard Stern Show at 7 a.m. (10 minutes). Always fun and interesting talking to Howard!
Received a standing ovation in packed house @MorningsideEdu after Sam Clovis intro! Let's Make America Great Again! 
The electric power grid in Puerto Rico is totally shot. Large numbers of generators are now on Island. Food and water on site.
Kay Hagan profited off of the stimulus.She just skipped a debate. Kay supports amnesty weak border &amp;  @ThomTillis!
“A man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason.” -- J. P. Morgan
Thank you Costa Mesa California! 31000 people tonight with thousands turned away. I will be back! #Trump2016 
What apology didn't they go around beating the crap out of people and robbing them? Why did they all confess? Aren't police convinced?
The people of Scotland love the golf course I have built-it is now considered perhaps the greatest ever built! Thank you also to Robb Report
If the Radical Left Democrats all of a sudden don’t want the Illegal Migrants in their Sanctuary Cities (no more open arms) why should others be expected to take them into their communities? Go home and come into our Country legally and through a system of Merit!
Employment is up Taxes are DOWN. Enjoy!
Be sure to watch The Apprentice tonight 10 p.m. on NBC--it's an episode you won't forget!
My highly respected nominee for CIA Director Gina Haspel has come under fire because she was too tough on Terrorists. Think of that in these very dangerous times we have the most qualified person a woman who Democrats want OUT because she is too tough on terror. Win Gina!
“The FBI received documents from Bruce Ohr (of the Justice Department &amp; whose wife Nelly worked for Fusion GPS).” Disgraced and fired FBI Agent Peter Strzok. This is too crazy to be believed! The Rigged Witch Hunt has zero credibility.
New orders for manufacturing down 9/10 months   Time for fair trade. Stop TPP!
Do your homework. Wasting other people’s time due to poor planning or thoughtlessness leaves a bad impression. – Think Like a Billionaire
Great leaders listen to and support law enforcement officials. Police discuss no-go areas:  
Looking forward to keynoting @bobvanderplaats’ @theFAMiLYLEADER Leadership Summit.  Tickets selling out 
Baltimore under the leadership of Elijah Cummings has the worst Crime Statistics in the Nation. 25 years of all talk no action! So tired of listening to the same old Bull...Next Reverend Al will show up to complain &amp; protest. Nothing will get done for the people in need. Sad!
Looks like we will have a pervert running for mayor after all - just what New York City needs - and he will revert back to form always do!
I believe that President Obama is so overwhelmed by what is happening in the U.S. and throughout the World that he has totally given up!
#TBT With Steven Spielberg in the old days- a great guy! 
Alternatives are important but first Repubs must repeal ObamaCare. It's an unsustainable monstrosity that's destroying our healthcare.
China is intent on continuing to receive the hundreds of Billions of Dollars they have been taking from the U.S. with unfair trade practices and currency manipulation. So one-sided it should have been stopped many years ago!
The failed Fast Train project in California where the cost overruns are becoming world record setting is hundreds of times more expensive than the desperately needed Wall!
Also tremendous work is being done on pure renovation - fixing existing Walls that are in bad condition and ineffective and bringing them to a very high standard!
Happy and proud to help @MittRomney win Ohio with robo-calls in pivotal Cuyahoga County
Trump Tuesday on @SquawkCNBC 7:30 AM is getting very good ratings as is @Foxandfriends on Mondays 7:30 AM.
Who's the flip flopper? @MittRomney has never flip flopped on gay marriage.
Thank you Ohio! #AmericaFirst 
2016 Republican Primary Morning Consult Poll was just released. TRUMP 32 CARSON 12 BUSH 11 FIORINA 6 RUBIO 5 CRUZ 5. Taken after debate
Senate Democrats just voted against legislation to prevent the killing of newborn infant children. The Democrat position on abortion is now so extreme that they don’t mind executing babies AFTER birth....
.@DarrellIssa is a very good man. Help him win his congressional seat in California.

Just returned to the @WhiteHouse after a great evening in Monroe Louisiana with a massive turnout of Great American Patriots. With early voting underway until Sat find your polling location below &amp; go vote for your next #LAgov @EddieRispone! #GeauxVote➡️ 
Today we heard the experiences of law enforcement professionals and community leaders working to combat the threat of MS-13 and the reforms we need from Congress to defeat it. Watch here:  
The reason I am staying in Bedminster N. J. a beautiful community is that staying in NYC is much more expensive and disruptive. Meetings!
After 1 year of investigation with Zero evidence being found Chuck Schumer just stated that "Democrats should blame ourselvesnot Russia."
At the request of Senator Thom Tillis I am getting the North Carolina Emergency Declaration completed and signed tonight. Hope you won’t need it!
“What’s happening to Justice Kavanaugh is a disgrace. This guy is not a good man he is a great man. He has to go to his church with his family while these terrible reports are being written about him a disgrace!” Dan Bongino @foxandfriends
Looking forward to being @TrumpSoHo this evening for  Corporate Meeting Planners reception for Trump National Doral @TrumpDoral
The unbiased reporters and attendees said mine was the best and most well received speech at CPAC - THANK YOU!
Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best. -- Andrew Carnegie
I will be having lunch at the White House today with Republican Senators concerning healthcare. They MUST keep their promise to America!
“@FoxNews bombshell information reports that the so-called Whistleblower did not have firsthand knowledge of that phone conversation with Ukraine’s President.” Wow! @HARRISFAULKNER It is all a Democrat/Adam Schiff Scam! Doing this for 3 years now and found NOTHING!
Mexico was just ranked the second deadliest country in the world after only Syria. Drug trade is largely the cause. We will BUILD THE WALL!
While the press doesn’t like writing about it nor do I need them to I donate my yearly Presidential salary of $400000.00 to different agencies throughout the year this to Homeland Security. If I didn’t do it there would be hell to pay from the FAKE NEWS MEDIA! 
Leaked e-mails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders. Mock his heritage and much more. On-line from Wikileakes really vicious. RIGGED
.@NRO  Not much is as "dead" or irrelevant as National Review thanks to guidance of Goldberg a total loser! Get some real talent or fold!
On National Former Prisoner of War Recognition Day we honor the Americans captured and imprisoned by foreign powers while carrying out their duties to defend this great Nation...
The results are in. I killed Wolf Blitzer in our debate. I like Wolf but he went for an ambush!  #wolfblitzercnn
We support @JeanineAnez in Bolivia as she works to ensure a peaceful democratic transition through free elections. We denounce the ongoing violence and those that provoke it both in Bolivia and from afar. The U.S. stands with the people of the region for peace and democracy!
Washed up psycho @BetteMidler was forced to apologize for a statement she attributed to me that turned out to be totally fabricated by her in order to make “your great president” look really bad. She got caught just like the Fake News Media gets caught. A sick scammer!
I will be live tweeting during the Celebrity Apprentice at 9 P.M.  Also will be hosting Dateline just prior to Apprentice at 8 P.M.
ObamaCare website fiasco was a SINGLE bid to a Canadian company - terrible!
Ratings way down show irrelevant. Why haven't they learned? @Rosie always fails.
I use both iPhone &amp; Samsung. If Apple doesn't give info to authorities on the terrorists I'll only be using Samsung until they give info.
Thank you to Brad Blakeman on @FoxNews for grading year one of my presidency with an “A”-and likewise to Doug Schoen for the very good grade and statements. Working hard!
Karl Rove is now making excuses for his total wasting of $400M—not one win—(the Republicans better get smart next time)...
.@kimguilfoyle- just watched you on @OutnumberedFNC- thank you!
She is a third rate reporter who has nothing going. A Fake News “journalist”. 
...and a Great Leader. John has also done a spectacular job at Homeland Security. He has been a true star of my Administration
I'm right TPM is wrong - @BarackObama did not issue a special statement for Christmas--however he issued one (cont) 
ObamaCare/RomneyCare architect Gruber was paid over $6M with our tax dollars yet Obama only claims he ‘was some adviser.’
I will be at @Macys Herald Square April 18 to sign my new fragrance #Success by Trump. First 100 customers receive a copy of my new book.
For someone who demanded 20 years of Mitt's tax returns you would think my offer to donate $5M to charity for his records is an easy go.
Congrats to @BarbaraJWalters on winning  the @MadeinNY Mayor's Award for Lifetime Achievement! I love Barbara!
Oklahoma Vote for your GREAT Senator Today. Nobody better than Jim! 
Crooked H destroyed phones w/ hammer 'bleached' emails &amp; had husband meet w/AG days before she was cleared- &amp; they talk about obstruction?
I have been leading big in all  polls with two more today @nbc and @CNN. The NBC poll is more than double next  at 29%. Fiorina has 11%.
“Be objective and strive to be your own counselor. Listen to others but know the final decision is yours.” – Think Like a Champion
Apple must make the IPhone screen bigger. Losing major market share.
The only way to stop drugs gangs human trafficking criminal elements and much else from coming into our Country is with a Wall or Barrier. Drones and all of the rest are wonderful and lots of fun but it is only a good old fashioned Wall that works!
Ringling Brothers is phasing out their elephants. Ifor one will never go again. They probably used the animal rights stuff to reduce costs
In politics and sometimes in life FRIENDS COME AND GO BUT ENEMIES ACCUMULATE!
“House votes on controversial FISA ACT today.” This is the act that may have been used with the help of the discredited and phony Dossier to so badly surveil and abuse the Trump Campaign by the previous administration and others?
You must promise that you will never cheat off Manti Te’o’s test papers.
THANK YOU MISSISSIPPI! #KAG2020 
Wishing everyone a Happy Memorial Day Weekend with a special thought for all the veterans who have done so much for our freedom.
Scenes from last night's episode of @OCChoppers where @DonaldJTrumpJr and I visit the OCC HQ 
Celebrity Apprentice on in 5 minutes on CNBC - it's great!
Obama called Reverend Wright his friend counselor &amp; great leader--then dumped him like a dog!
Obama’s statement that illegals “can’t stay” = Obama’s promise “if you like your healthcare plan you can keep it.”
“I completely read the entire Mueller Report and do you know what I concluded after reading both Volume 1 and Volume 2? There is no there there. NO THERE THERE! We completely wasted everybody’s time and taxpayer’s money.” @trish_regan
The damage done to our Country from a badly broken Border - Drugs Crime and so much that is bad - is far greater than a Shutdown which the Dems can easily fix as soon as they come back to Washington!
Airplanes are becoming far too complex to fly. Pilots are no longer needed but rather computer scientists from MIT. I see it all the time in many products. Always seeking to go one unnecessary step further when often old and simpler is far better. Split second decisions are....
Lightweight Senator @RandPaul should focus on trying to get elected in Kentucky--- a great state which is embarrassed by him.
Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
Johnny we will miss you – you did a great job! 
It is important to think positively. Negative thinking will kill your focus and destroy any chance you have of being successful.
The ABC/Washington Post Poll was by far the least accurate one 2 weeks out from the 2016 Election. I call it a suppression poll - but by Election Day they brought us out of shame to about even. They will never learn!
Trump National Golf Club Washington D.C. is situated on 600 acres overlooking the Potomac River. Beautiful!    …
Puerto Rico has been given more money by Congress for Hurricane Disaster Relief 91 Billion Dollars than any State in the history of the U.S. As an example Florida got $12 Billion &amp; Texas $39 Billion for their monster hurricanes. Now the Democrats are saying NO Relief to......
Rupert Murdoch Defends Trump: 'Complete Refugee Pause' Makes Sense'  
....it is very possible that those sources don't exist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy!
“It’s time to put House Democrats on trial.”  @IngrahamAngle
.@MattGinellaGC  Don't forget to watch Matt tomorrow on Morning Drive talking about The Blue Monster and Trump Doral. @GolfChannel
The Republicans are always worried about the press--they should just do what is right.
Congratulations to Leah Vukmir of Wisconsin on your great win last night. You beat a very tough and good competitor and will make a fantastic Senator after winning in November against someone who has done very little. You have my complete and total Endorsement!
A suicide bomber has just killed U.S. troops in Afghanistan. When will our leaders get tough and smart. We are being led to slaughter!
Thank you to the great crowd of supporters in Newtown Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE on 11/8/16. Lets #MAGA! Watch:… 
Donald Trump appeared on the final episode of The Jay Leno Show to deliver a very special message: 
It is great to be here in Hackberry Louisiana with the incredible men and women who are making America into the energy superpower of the world! 
In the “old days” when good news was reported the Stock Market would go up. Today when good news is reported the Stock Market goes down. Big mistake and we have so much good (great) news about the economy!
The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by "intelligence" like candy. Very un-American!
It will be interesting to see how Jenna Talackova does as Miss Universe Canada. We all wish her luck.
See you in D.C. tomorrow at 1:00 P.M. at the Capitol to protest the horribly negotiated deal with Iran. Really sad!
Additionally two executives @VattenfallGroup are under major investigation &amp; they are unable to get the many permits necessary.
“After two years and interviewing more than two hundred witnesses the Senate Intelligence Committee has NOT discovered any direct evidence of a conspiracy between the Trump Campaign and Russia.”  Ken Dilanian @NBCNews
We must always protect those who protect us. Today it was my great honor to sign the #VAMissionAct and to make Veterans Choice the permanent law of the land!  
I played football and baseball sorry but said to be the best bball player in N.Y. State-ask coach Ted Dobias-said best he ever coached.
“Trump: 'I like North Carolina we are looking at another deal'”  via @WSOC_TV
Beautiful evening in Topeka Kansas. VOTE VOTE VOTE! #MAGA 
Always leave your ego at the door during negotiations. Remember it’s only business and there will always be another day!
New polls - join the MOVEMENT today. #ImWithYou 
“Representing your own brand yourself is the best way to go. If you can’t sell it who will?” – Midas Touch
Today we celebrate Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. for standing up for the self-evident truth Americans hold so dear that no matter what the color of our skin or the place of our birth we are all created equal by God. #MLKDay 
I am proud to have fought for and secured the LOWEST African American and Hispanic unemployment rates in history. Now I’m pushing for prison reform to give people who have paid their debt to society a second chance. I will never stop fighting for ALL Americans!
.@GOP congress needs to actually defund ObamaCare not waste time passing non-binding resolutions.
“I want to commend the President for how he has handled the CoronaVirus situation especially his early decision to shut down access into our Country from China despite strong opposition to that decision.” @SenTomCotton Thank you Tom!
Thomas Jefferson wrote the Senate filibuster rule. Harry Reid &amp; Obama killed it yesterday.  Rule was in effect for over 200 years.
Must read article: “Conservative Fury at Rove Erupts”  By Jeffrey Lord @AmSpec
Happy birthday today to two of the very best in Congress—@RepMikeJohnson (age 48) and @RepLeeZeldin (age 40—big one!). Two Great American Patriots!!
How does frumpy &amp; little read @nytimes editorial writer Gail Collins keep her job? She is totally irrelevant! @nytimescollins
Looking forward to announcing my final decision on the United States Supreme Court Justice at 9:00pmE tomorrow night at the @WhiteHouse. An exceptional person will be chosen!
Unions who secure the border oppose the amnesty bill  Their expert opinions should at least be listened to.
But @mcuban is physically weak he has no clubhead speed or game!
The Cruz campaign issued a dishonest and deceptive get out the vote ad calling voters "in violation." They are now under investigation. Bad!
They are staging a coup against Bernie!
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
So interesting to see “Progressive” Democrat Congresswomen who originally came from countries whose governments are a complete and total catastrophe the worst most corrupt and inept anywhere in the world (if they even have a functioning government at all) now loudly......
Benghazi is just another Hillary Clinton failure. It justnever seems to work the way it's supposed to with Clinton.
Major grudge match this weekend between @nyjets &amp; @Patriots. I have a dilemma I am good friends w/ both Woody (cont) 
“Surround yourself with people who are smarter than you.” -- @UncleRUSH
The illegal Mueller Witch Hunt continues in search of a crime. There was never Collusion with Russia except by the Clinton campaign so the 17 Angry Democrats are looking at anything they can find. Very unfair and BAD for the country. ALSO not allowed under the LAW!
Ask China if their rapidly expanding (with our money) Navy or Armed Forces are going "green" -- They would laugh in your face!
Congrats to @TrumpWaikiki celebrating 51 consecutive months as the #1 Honolulu Hotel on @TripAdvisor!
That and many other reasons is why Republicans will win North Carolina! 
Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is "A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION UTTER NONSENSE." Very unfair!
Derek Jeter's baseball and more in today's #trumpvlog... 
.@unicef Caryl M. Stern CEO is driving around in a Rolls Royce...
The @washingtonpost loses   money (a deduction) and gives owner @JeffBezos power to screw public on low taxation of @Amazon! Big tax shelter
General John Allen who I never met but spoke against me last night failed badly in his fight against ISIS. His record = BAD  #NeverHillary
'Remarks by President Trump at Signing of H.J. Resolution 41' 
To Tim: The Button on the IPhone was FAR better than the Swipe!
Don't believe Chrysler (if Obama wins)--see how fast @Jeep production will be moved to China--and I'll be watching!
Rather than causing a big disruption in N.Y.C. I will be working out of my home in Bedminster N.J. this weekend. Also saves country money!
.@andersoncooper  Anderson—Thank you for being so fair with your reporting &amp; story last night. Greatly appreciated!
No one has done more behind the scenes for STRONG BORDER SECURITY than @SenCapito. Her bill passed Committee today with $5B for the BORDER WALL. West Virginia is a great State and Shelley gets it done. Keep it up!
Golf bookings for next season on Scottish course are already double our projections for April opening—great news... 
We have spent over $1 Billion on the  Libya operation. What are we getting back?
I love taking lawsuits all the way when I’m right. @AGSchneiderman  is finding that out the hard way!
The contract to build the ObamaCare website was given to a CANADIAN company for $55 744 081. It then bloated to $292 071067 INCOMPETENCE
Our $17T national debt and $1T yearly budget deficits are a national security risk of the highest order.
I'm going to D.C. today to check on the hotel I'm building on Penn. AVE. and then being honored by the Wharton School of Finance the BEST!
Taliban targeted innocent Afghans brave police in Kabul today. Our thoughts and prayers go to the victims and first responders. We will not allow the Taliban to win!
Mitt's got it right: @RickSantorum's attacks on @MittRomney's pro-growth tax cut proposal are foolish.
Recently opened @TrumpToronto- it's beautiful and here is a video of the ribbon cutting ceremony.. 
Pushed hard to have Apple build in USA! 
Obama claims that he needs an extra $4B to secure the border. Well then he should not have wasted $5B on the ObamaCare website.
Why is the United States Post Office which is losing many billions of dollars a year while charging Amazon and others so little to deliver their packages making Amazon richer and the Post Office dumber and poorer? Should be charging MUCH MORE!
Is it a coincidence that the Middle East has blown up since Obama became president?
Can you believe that the U.S. will be sending 3000 troops to Africa to help with Ebola.They will come home infected? We have enough problems
Paul Teutul is always good on the show. #CelebApprentice
Dangerous. While Obama is cutting down our military China has announced plans to build more aircraft carriers 
American corporations and entrepreneurs are masters of technological and business innovation but the Chinese (cont)  20:54:15,47,14,false,174598309384691712TwitLonger Beta,@BarackObama seems to have no regard for how China is conducting massive industrial espionage against the (cont) 
Many reports that I will be attending the Alvarez/Khan fight this weekend in Vegas. Totally untrue! Unfortunately I have other plans.
It’s Tuesday. How many jobs has ObamaCare cost the economy today?
Melania and I will be appearing on Larry King Live tonight 9 p.m. on CNN. Be sure to tune in for some great conversation!
The only reason irrelevant @GlennBeck doesn't like me is I refused to do his failing show - asked many times. Very few listeners - sad!
.@GovernorPataki was a terrible governor of NY one of the worst -- would’ve been swamped if he ran again!
....This is real collusion and dishonesty. Major violation of Campaign Finance Laws and Money Laundering - where is our Justice Department?
Mitch use the Nuclear Option and get it done! Our Country is counting on you!
The @USNavy is conducting search and rescue following aircraft crash. We are monitoring the situation. Prayers for all involved. 
It is so great to be back home! Looking forward to a great rally tonight in Bethpage Long Island!
Why didn't Hillary Clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them! Crooked Hillary.
An honor to host the Annual @WhiteHouse Easter Egg Roll! 
Senator Mitch McConnell said I had "excessive expectations" but I don't think so. After 7 years of hearing Repeal &amp; Replace why not done?
They now say using the word "thug" is like so many other words not politically correct (even though Obama uses it). It is racist. BULL!
Congratulations to Aberdeen and Scotland for just having our great golf course named Best New Course In World by The Robb Report.
The joke around town is that I freed El Chapo from the Mexican prison because the timing was so good w/ my statements on border security.
Republicans are always worried about their general approval. With proposing to 'ignore the debt ceiling' they are ignoring their base.
Thank you for joining us on this solemn day of remembrance. We are gathered here on the sacred soil of @ArlingtonNatl Cemetery to honor the lives and deeds of America's greatest heroes the men and women who laid down their lives for our freedom. #MemorialDay 
Many people booed the players who kneeled yesterday (which was a small percentage of total). These are fans who demand respect for our Flag!
The @Broncos had a truly bad day--my advice is to go home forget about it and come back tough next year.
Thank you Carl Higbie (former Navy Seal) for you support of my plan to straighten out the Veterans Administration-a mess!Great job @kilmeade
Can't watch Crazy Megyn anymore. Talks about me at 43% but never mentions that there are four people in race. With two people big &amp; over!
Great poll- Florida! Thank you! 
This is because the Euro and other currencies are devalued against the dollar putting the U.S. at a big disadvantage. The Fed Interest rate way too high added to ridiculous quantitative tightening! They don’t have a clue! 
The economy is in terrible shape. @BarackObama is manipulating the job numbers to hide the truth. 
Hillary Clinton is a major national security risk. Not presidential material!

.@tedcruz should not make statements behind closed doors to his bosses he should bring them out into the open - more fun that way!
“Trolling the Mueller Report. Democrats Lost On Collusion. Now They’re Inventing A Coverup.” @WSJopinion  James Freeman @LouDobbs
Will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 9pmE and @TuckerCarlson tomorrow night at 8pmE. Enjoy!
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
Congratulations to @STEPHENATHOME - I will see you on the show!
Sleepy eyes @chucktodd when looking at my financial filings should’ve said “Great job Mr. Trump Sir.”
Another terrorist attack in Paris. The people of France will not take much more of this. Will have a big effect on presidential election!
Watch @MariaBartiromo at 6:00 P.M. on @FoxBusiness. Russian Hoax the big topic! Mainstream Media often referred to as the Fake News Media hates to discuss the real facts!

In Las Vegas getting ready to speak!
Such a nice article in the New York Times about a wonderful developer Arthur Zeckendorf  
If Justice Roberts had done the right thing and voted against ObamaCare our country would be in a lot better shape right now! TOTAL TURMOIL
Consumer confidence soars to highest level since 2004📈 
Reuters just announced that Secret Service never spoke to me or my campaign. Made up story by @CNN is a hoax. Totally dishonest.
Wow! I hear that thousands of people are cutting up their @Macys credit card. That's great. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Sylvester Stallone called me with the story of heavyweight boxing champion Jack Johnson. His trials and tribulations were great his life complex and controversial. Others have looked at this over the years most thought it would be done but yes I am considering a Full Pardon!
Wonderful Church service at Camp David. Thank you!
Tune in for my interview with @gretawire tonight at 10 pm @FoxNews
Back from Miami where my Cuban/American friends are very happy with what I signed today. Another campaign promise that I did not forget!
When are we going to wake up and realize that we are funding our enemies?  #TimeToGetTough
Great to meet everyone while having breakfast @ChezVachon this morning! #FITN # 
The Russian Witch Hunt is Rigged!
The Democrats are now to be known as the DO NOTHING PARTY!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain#Trump2016 
....The Prime Minister was able to save a great deal of expense and effort for both the United States and Denmark by being so direct. I thank her for that and look forward to rescheduling sometime in the future!
Washington is in total gridlock—no trust no leadership—very interesting!
Should not pass--bad deal! 
Via @BreitbartNews by @IanHanchett: “Trump: Obama ‘Treats Our Known Enemies Much Better’ Than Israel”  
from Donald Trump: "I saw Lady Gaga last night and she was fantastic!"
Mr. President it is time to lead on the Korean crisis.  Make a statement from the Rose Garden and send a strong message to the man child!
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary. -- Vince Lombardi
Do you think Putin will be going to The Miss Universe Pageant in November in Moscow - if so will he become my new best friend?
If this doctor who so recklessly flew into New York from West Africahas Ebolathen Obama should apologize to the American people &amp; resign!
2nd segment of my @seanhannity @FoxNews interview discussing @billmaher's insult of parents and sending him $5M bill 
Obama believes Benghazi is a “phony scandal.”  Nothing phony about Americans being killed by Islamists.
I love New Hampshire - will be an exciting evening!
It's go time! See you at Trump Tower. I'm giving money away! #FundAnything
....Election and negate the votes of millions of Evangelicals in the process. They know the only Impeachable offense that President Trump has committed was beating Hillary Clinton in 2016. That’s the unpardonable sin for which the Democrats will never forgive him.....
As ridiculous as it sounds the laws of our country do not easily allow us to send those crossing our Southern Border back where they came from. A whole big wasted procedure must take place. Mexico &amp; Canada have tough immigration laws whereas ours are an Obama joke. ACT CONGRESS
A great event in Las Vegas Nevada! 
Join me at the Target Center in Minneapolis Minnesota next Thursday October 10th at 7:00pm! Tickets:  
President Obama and our negotiators are failed checker players playing against Grand Master Chess champions. Very sad to watch!
The only problem I have with Mitch McConnell is that after hearing Repeal &amp; Replace for 7 years he failed!That should NEVER have happened!
WEEKLY ADDRESS🇺🇸 
Ben Bradlee was truly one of the greats. What an amazing life he led. My warmest condolences to Dino &amp; the whole family. #BenBradlee
Today we gathered for Diwali a holiday observed by Buddhists Sikhs and Jains throughout the United States &amp; around the world. Hundreds of millions of people have gathered with family &amp; friends to light the Diya and to mark the beginning of a New Year.  
Merry Christmas &amp; Happy Holidays!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain # 
Just like @Yankee organization I can’t wait for @MLB to suspend A-Rod. Will be a great day for the sport.
Now that they realize the only Collusion with Russia was done by Crooked Hillary Clinton &amp; the Democrats Nadler Schiff and the Dem heads of the Committees have gone stone cold CRAZY. 81 letter sent to innocent people to harass them. They won’t get ANYTHING done for our Country!
Eliot better have a great pre-nup—I want to help Silda in her negotiation.

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
It is outrageous and disgusting that families of U.S. MILITARY personnel killed in action will not be given money for burials. SAD!
Today in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse it was my true privilege to award seven extraordinary Americans with the Presidential Medal of Freedom...
It was a very wise move that Ted Cruz renounced his Canadian citizenship 18 months ago. Senator John McCain is certainly no friend of Ted!
My prayers and condolences to the families of the victims of the terrible Florida shooting. No child teacher or anyone else should ever feel unsafe in an American school.
All of this impeachment nonsense which is going nowhere is driving the Stock Market and your 401K’s down. But that is exactly what the Democrats want to do. They are willing to hurt the Country with only the 2020 Election in mind!
I was referring to a backstop for pre-existing conditions. I will eliminate the law in its entirety &amp; replace it w/ something much better.
HYPOCRITE! Long before @BarackObama called the Tea Party 'teabaggers' he dressed as a revolutionary in a Hyde Park 
In more and more places throughout this region citizens of SOVEREIGN and INDEPENDENT nations have taken greater control of their destinies and unlocked the potential of their people. #APEC2017 
My Twitter account was taken down for 11 minutes by a rogue employee. I guess the word must finally be getting out-and having an impact.
I am pleased to inform you that I have just granted a full Pardon to 85 year old American patriot Sheriff Joe Arpaio. He kept Arizona safe!
THe people at shouldtrumprun.com have got it right! How are our factories supposed to compete with China and other countries...
The New York Times changed headlines 3 times in order to satisfy the Radical Left. What should have been a good story got “worse &amp; worse” until the headline alone made it very unfair. Fake &amp; Corrupt News that is very dangerous for our Country!
Elizabeth Warren sometimes referred to as Pocahontas is having a really bad night. I think she is sending signals that she wants out. Calling for unity is her way of getting there going home and having a “nice cold beer” with her husband!
Today we remember the courage and bravery of our troops that stormed the beaches of Normandy 73 years ago. #DDay… 
Well-maintained real estate is always going to be worth a lot more than poorly maintained real estate. -- The Art of the Deal
A great win for Brooks. Congratulations to a great champion! 
Unbelievable crowd in Florida tonight. Get out and VOTE! #MAGA🇺🇸 
Our military is being mobilized at the Southern Border. Many more troops coming. We will NOT let these Caravans which are also made up of some very bad thugs and gang members into the U.S. Our Border is sacred must come in legally. TURN AROUND!
New York Yankees President Randy Levine: 'End of the Republican Party' If Donald Trump Not Nominated.  
....out and he’s been amazing at it. The Democrsts have no message they have no hope for 2020.” @RepDougCollins @foxandfriends  Thank you Doug!
....Dopey @krauthammer should be fired. @FoxNews
On my way to San Diego to raise money for the Republican Party. I am spending a lot myself and also helping others.
Wall Street Journal: “More migrant families crossing into the U.S. illegally have been arrested in the first five months of the federal fiscal year than in any prior full year.” We are doing a great job at the border but this is a National Emergency!
....Death to America. I terminated deal which was not even ratified by Congress and imposed strong sanctions. They are a much weakened nation today than at the beginning of my Presidency when they were causing major problems throughout the Middle East. Now they are Bust!....
BIG United States Supreme Court WIN for the Border on Asylum! 
For those asking my son @EricTrump   makes zero $$ running his charity &amp; raises a great deal of  $$ all of it for @StJude @EricTrumpFdn
USMCA make it bipartisan. Everybody wants it! 
It is happening again to Crazy Bernie just like last time only far more obvious. They are taking the Democrat Nomination away from him and there’s very little he can do. A Rigged System!
....OF THE 2020 ELECTION BECSUSE IT WEAPONIZES A PROCESS THAT SHOULD ONLY BE INITIATED IN EXCEEDINGLY RARE CIRCUMSTANCES AND SHOULD NEVER BE USED FOR PARTISAN PURPOSES.” @HeatherChilders @FoxNews The Democrats are trying hard to damage Republicans prior to the Election!
Thank you- Lexington South Carolina!#Trump2016 # 
Syrian ceasefire seems to be holding. Many lives can be saved. Came out of meeting. Good!
I am the only person who can fight for the safety of our troops &amp; bring them home from the ridiculous &amp; costly Endless Wars and be scorned. Democrats always liked that position until I took it. Democrats always liked Walls until I built them. Do you see what’s happening here?
Crooked's camp incited violence at my rallies. These incidents weren't "spontaneous" - like she claimed in Benghazi! 
Thanks. 
Congrats to @Yankees on finishing 1st in the AL East. Derek Jeter is great--good luck in the playoffs!
Inspiration exists but it has to find us working.  -- Pablo Picasso
Team Trump with the recipients of our donations in the Rockaways.  #Sandy 
...they are costly inefficient bird killing community destroying machines. They are obsolete! @maddow
The Chinese Envoy who just returned from North Korea seems to have had no impact on Little Rocket Man. Hard to believe his people and the military put up with living in such horrible conditions. Russia and China condemned the launch.
Now that Obama’s poll numbers are in tailspin – watch for him to launch a strike in Libya or Iran.  He is desperate.
While millions are being spent against me in attack ads they are paid for by the “bosses” and “owners” of candidates. I am self funding.
Great time at The Villages in Florida today. Sorry we couldn’t get everybody in. I will be back soon! 
Why are we still giving billions of dollars we don't have in foreign aid to the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt?
...Whether you are a Republican or Democrat we should hope that Pres. @BarackObama  does a great job for the country.
When will lightweight hack Attorney General be investigated for his repeated prosecutorial misconduct?
Vanity Fair Magazine which will soon be out of business and their third rate Fake reporters who make up sources which don’t exist wrote yet another phony &amp; boring hit piece. The facts are just the opposite. Our team is doing a great job with CoronaVirus!
...... Circulation is way down and all he thinks about are his bad food restaurants. @CondeNastCorp
The #MissUniverse Pageant is the biggest pageant of them all—by far!
Once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
Across the battlefields oceans and harrowing skies of Europe and the Pacific throughout the war one great battle cry could be heard by America’s friends and foes alike:“REMEMBER PEARL HARBOR.” 
39% of my nominations including Diplomats to foreign lands have not been confirmed due to Democrat obstruction and delay. At this rate it would take more than 7 years before I am allowed to have these great people start working. Never happened before. Disgraceful!
The Lincoln Day Dinner last night in Michigan was fantastic. Record attendance and tremendous enthusiasm- I loved it!
Wishing a Happy Passover to all those celebrating in America Israel and around the world! 
Just received a wonderful letter from a new father who bought his son his first book The Art of the Deal. Great parent!
Senator Mitch McConnell should fight for the Wall and Border Security as hard as he fought for anything. He will need Democrat votes but as shown in the House good things happen. If enough Dems don’t vote it will be a Democrat Shutdown! House Republicans were great yesterday!
Horrific incident in FL. Praying for all the victims &amp; their families. When will this stop? When will we get tough smart &amp; vigilant?
Our incredible U.S. Coast Guard saved more than 15000 lives last week with Harvey. Irma could be even tougher. We love our Coast Guard!
You know the world is crazy when New York gets hit by a hurricane-- and Florida doesn't.
Hurricane Irma is raging but we have great teams of talented and brave people already in place and ready to help. Be careful be safe! #FEMA
....I am thankful to both of these incredible men for their service to our Country! Date of transition to be determined.
Thank you! 
There are many ways of going forward but only one way of standing still. -- Pres. Franklin D. Roosevelt
A fantastic day and evening in Washington D.C.Thank you to @FoxNews and so many other news outlets for the GREAT reviews of the speech!
Another Obama disaster- 
It was my great honor to host a roundtable re: MS-13 yesterday in Bethpage New York. Democrats must abandon their resistance to border security so that we can SUPPORT law enforcement and SAVE innocent lives! 
Mini Mike Bloomberg will now FIRE Tim O’Brien and all of the fools and truly dumb people who got him into this MESS. This has been the worst and most embarrassing experience of his life...and now on to Sleepy Joe!
Unlike what the Failing and Corrupt New York Times would like people to believe there is ZERO disagreement within the Trump Administration as to  how to deal with North Korea...and if there was it wouldn’t matter. The @nytimes has called me wrong right from the beginning!
One of the dumbest political pundits on television is Chris Stirewalt of @FoxNews. Wrong facts - check Fox debate rankings Trump #1. Dope!
Thank you Mr. Prime Minister a great honor! 
My @CNBCClosingBell interview discussing QE3 the housing market my stock picks and the 2012 election 
Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin
Thank you Alex!  
Others claim they can make America great again but only one knows The Art of The Deal. It’s time for an outsider 
The Do Nothing Democrats are a disgrace! 
A great crowd of tremendous Patriots this evening all the way back to the Washington Monument! #SaluteToAmerica🇺🇸 
The World Economic Forum now ranks the US the fifth most competitive economy in the world. We have fallen from first under @BarackObama.
Find something for everyone on your list with this Holiday Gift Guide from @TrumpSoHo on @TrumpCollection's Tumblr: 
Great Editorial in today’s Wall Street Journal “And Congress Shall Be King.” Bottom line: “The President becomes a vassal of King Congress. This is another reason for the Senate to repudiate this House Impeachment as its own abuse of power.” A partisan Hoax!
I was just given a great tour of Moscow - fantastic hard working people. CITY IS REALLY ENERGIZED! The World will be watching tonight!
“If you’re still in school pay attention.  Education is a money machine.”  – Think Like a Billionaire
Attorney Client privilege is now a thing of the past. I have many (too many!) lawyers and they are probably wondering when their offices and even homes are going to be raided with everything including their phones and computers taken. All lawyers are deflated and concerned!
“Record 157005000 Employed; 19th Record of Trump Era” 
Heading to West Virginia to be with my friend @WVGovernor Jim Justice at his beautiful Greenbrier Resort. He works hard does a great job and raises lots of money for charities!
Wow @FoxNews did great in the ratings. CNN is dead as a door nail(no credibility) and MSNBC is dying fast. @foxandfriends and @MariaBartiromo are doing great! 
Congratulations to the Republicans in Congress. You are the only people Obama can out negotiate. #TimeToGetTough
“Our own Benjamin Hall is doing fantastic reporting on ISIS right on the from line (True). ISIS was willing to die but now because of big pressure save for a few people in caves most have surrendered. A testament to our President.” Thank you Pete Hegseth @foxandfriends
The class warfare being played by @BarackObama is the only way he can get reelected. He can't have America focus on his horrendous record.
Lou Barletta was one of my first supporters. He is tough on Crime and Borders. Will be a great Senator from Pennsylvania. His opponent is WEAK on Crime ICE and Borders. We need Lou! 
The Republican Party is the Party for ALL Americans. We are the Party of the American Worker the American Family &amp; the American Dream. This is the proud banner the Republican Party will carry into the Republican National Convention next summer in the great city of Charlotte NC! 
Interesting…the last time a Democrat succeeded a two-term Democratic pres. was in 1836 when Martin Van Buren succeeded Andrew Jackson.
....investigation in the Senate. They can talk to John Dean until the cows come home we’re not doing anything in the Senate regarding the Mueller Report. We are going to harden our Infrastructure against 2020!” @LindseyGrahamSC
ObamaCare gives free insurance to illegal immigrants. Yet @BarackObama is cutting our troops healthcare.  (cont) 
#TrumpVlog Hagel quits- 
.... advantage and also due to the fact that older highly polluting cars will be replaced by new extremely environmentally friendly cars. There will be very little difference in emissions between the California Standard and the new U.S. Standard but the cars will be....
Last night in Phoenix I read the things from my statements on Charlottesville that the Fake News Media didn't cover fairly. People got it!
With Sen. Elizabeth Dole &amp; @DoleFoundation Caregiver Fellows. Tremendous people caring for our military &amp; veterans! 

The Amateur. On his trip to Afghanistan our commander-in-chief disclosed the CIA Chief’s name. Unsafe disaster! 
500 of the most vicious prisoners escaped from an Iraq prison today. That country is a time bomb waiting to happen-a total corrupt mess!
I had a fantastic time with @jacknicklaus at the grand opening of the great @TrumpFerryPoint. Watch the video- 
....came to the campaign. Few people knew the young low level volunteer named George who has already proven to be a liar. Check the DEMS!
“The worst thing you can possibly do in a  deal is seem desperate to make it.” - The Art of the Deal
Apple will not be given Tariff waiver or relief for Mac Pro parts that are made in China. Make them in the USA no Tariffs!
The ROLL CALL is beginning at the Republican National Convention. Very exciting!
Ronald Kessler's new book "The Secrets of the FBI" is a great book that should be read by everyone.
.....Congresswomen who I truly believe based on their actions hate our Country. Get a list of the HORRIBLE things they have said. Omar is polling at 8% Cortez at 21%. Nancy Pelosi tried to push them away but now they are forever wedded to the Democrat Party. See you in 2020!
Thank you to @tim_cook for agreeing to expand operations in the U.S. and thereby creating thousands of jobs! 
I don’t care what the political ramifications are our immigration laws and border security have been a complete and total disaster for decades and there is no way that the Democrats will allow it to be fixed without a Government Shutdown...
Read about my @LibertyU speech in @jameshohmann's @politico Morning Score  
“We have a president who has a vendetta against businesspeople and considers them the enemy. He’s also (cont) 
China hacked the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and now has the information of all 3 million members. China keeps (cont) 
Because I was told I could not do well in Iowa I spent very little there - a fraction of Cruz &amp; Rubio. Came in a strong second. Great honor
John Kasich was never asked by me to be V.P. Just arrived in Cleveland - will be a great two days!
Thank you @SeanHannity &amp; @BoDiet! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Just spoke to President XI JINPING of China concerning the provocative actions of North Korea. Additional major sanctions will be imposed on North Korea today. This situation will be handled!
Will go back on for a final question now!
My friend @AriEmanuel of @IMG bought the Miss Universe pageants from me and they are on tonight on #Fox! Tune in!
We  spent over a billion on Libya and lead the way---why is Europe getting the oil?
Nevada: A quick reminder that today is your last day to register to vote!  
The Fox Impeachment poll has turned out to be incorrect. This was announced on Friday. Despite this the Corrupt New York Times used this poll in one of its stories no mention....
The only reason President Obama wants to attack Syria is to save face over his very dumb RED LINE statement. Do NOT attack Syriafix U.S.A.
The Washington Post’s @PhilipRucker (Mr. Off the Record) &amp; @AshleyRParker two nasty lightweight reporters shouldn’t even be allowed on the grounds of the White House because their reporting is so DISGUSTING &amp; FAKE. Also add the appointment of MANY Federal Judges this Summer! 
We now have confirmation as to one reason Crooked H wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - PAY-FOR-PLAY. How can she run for Pres.
I hope that Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren sometimes referred to as Pocahontas as her V.P. Then we can litigate her fraud!
Via @si_golf: “Donald Trump Rory McIlroy and Matt Kuchar are guys to watch at @DoralResort”  @CadillacChamp
On this Vietnam War Veterans Day we celebrate the brave Vietnam Veterans and all of America’s Veterans. Thank you for your service to our great Nation!
According to @pewresearch illegal immigrants favor Dems 8:1  @GOP pushing amnesty. Do they have death wish
As President I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU the American people!  
Mark Morgan Former Border Patrol Chief with great experience in Law Enforcement really understands the subjects of Immigration and the Border. Thank you Mark!  @foxandfriends
.@montgomeriefdn Your commentary this weekend was fantastic. People love what you say and how you say it.
Located in South Ayrshire Scotland @TrumpTurnberry offers diverse dining options suitable for any occasion 
My @foxandfriends interview discussing the 9/11 Trials at Gitmo @MittRomney the job numbers and @CelebApprentice 
HAPPY EASTER!
This is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history!
Yesterday the White House claimed its ISIS strategy is a 'success.' Tell that to the Christians being beheaded. We need to hit ISIS hard!
I want to encourage all of my many Texas friends to vote in the primary for Governor Greg Abbott Senator Ted Cruz Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick and Attorney General Ken Paxton. They are helping me to Make America Great Again! Vote early or on March 6th.
“Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.” - Dale Carnegie
Will the Dems and Fake News ever learn? This is classic! 
I will be speaking about our great journey to the Republican nomination at 9:00 P.M. The movement toward a country that WINS again continues
“Remember that some things are worth waiting for. Plans can change sometimes for good reason.” – Trump Never Give Up
Looking forward to speaking at the @ARGOP Reagan-Rockefeller Dinner tonight! Record crowd. We are no longer silent! #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!
Looking forward to being at the @RyderCupUSA announcement tonight.
Trump Tuesday: I'll be on @SquawkCNBC tomorrow morning at 7:30 AM. Be sure to tune in.
Gallup Poll: 56% of Americans rate their financial situation as excellent or good. This is the highest number since 2002 and up 10 points since 2016.
After North Korea missile launch it's more important than ever to fund our gov't &amp; military! Dems shouldn't hold troop funding hostage for amnesty &amp; illegal immigration. I ran on stopping illegal immigration and won big. They can't now threaten a shutdown to get their demands.
Wow just released that $67 million in negative ads was spent on me. How am I still number one - by a lot?
Could this be my newest apprentice?  ...Enter the contest .. .
North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help that would be great. If not we will solve the problem without them!  U.S.A.
Just looked at new selection of Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts @Macys  -- fantastic! Would make great gifts!
“The President has a really good story to tell. We have unemployment lower than we’ve seen in decades. We have people who stopped looking for work coming back into the labor force. We are in a record growth period.” Michael Steel @MSNBC (do you believe?)
.@antbaxter Dummythanks for increasing awareness of my big golf project in Aberdeen—sales are thru the roof &amp; Aberdeen seeing big benefits.
Let's not start celebrating over Libya until we see who takes over.
Just had a very nice meeting with @Reince Priebus and the @GOP. Looking forward to bringing the Party together --- and it will happen!
Thank you! #
I know you don't like to hear this @DannyZuker but the biggest nights of The Apprentice were far "bigger" than the biggest nights of Mod Fam
EXCLUSIVE: FBI Agents Say Comey ‘Stood In The Way’ Of Clinton Email Investigation:
Thanks to REPUBLICAN LEADERSHIP America is WINNING AGAIN - and America is being RESPECTED again all over the world. Because we are finally putting AMERICA FIRST!
It is actually hard to believe how naive (or dumb) the Failing @nytimes is when it comes to foreign policy...weak and ineffective!
Make it special!  No better place to celebrate St. Patrick's Day in the Windy City than @TrumpChicago 
Get rid of gun free zones. The four great marines who were just shot never had a chance. They were highly trained but helpless without guns.
Both are looking good! Now we begin!
....Prior to his current position Christopher served as a professor and Chair of Economics at Notre Dame.
Don't believe @BarackObama's whining--Pro-Romney SuperPAC spending is on par with Pro-Obama SuperPAC 
Great new poll. Thank you Texas! #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Our country is on the precipice. Washington is broken. Where is the leadership?
Google search results for “Trump News” shows only the viewing/reporting of Fake News Media. In other words they have it RIGGED for me &amp; others so that almost all stories &amp; news is BAD. Fake CNN is prominent. Republican/Conservative &amp; Fair Media is shut out. Illegal? 96% of....
Dummy @mcuban is at it again trying to use me to get publicity for himself!
Happy 70th Birthday @CIA! 
I hope everyone in the Great State of Virginia will get out and VOTE on Tuesday in all of the local and state elections to send a signal to D.C. that you want lower taxes a strong Military Border &amp; 2nd Amendment great healthcare and must take care of our Vets. VOTE REPUBLICAN
both countries will perhaps work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the WORLD!
I fulfilled my campaign promise - others didn’t! 
Getting ready to leave for South Korea and meetings with President Moon a fine gentleman. We will figure it all out!
Wow. It’s all a giant SCAM! 
My @FoxNews interview with @TeamCavuto where I explain that we need to start using our own domestic energy resources. 
....Whatever happened to the so-called “informer” to Whistleblower #1? Seems to have disappeared after I released the Transcript of the call. Shouldn’t he be on the list to testify? Witch Hunt!
.@Lexi  Great job in winning your first of many "majors". We are proud of you at Trump International. Work hard - be an all time great!
The interview with Oprah will cause Lance Armstrong huge legal and financial problems- sometimes it is better to go into a corner and hide.
Thank you @LouDobbs and @JudgeJeanine! 
General says that the Armed Forces will be severely weakened if the large scale rape and sexual abuse problem is not brought under control.
Watch--yesterday Obama continued to evade questions on his security failures in the Benghazi consulate attack. 
Thank you to the @washingtonpost for the accurate and very discriptive  story on my speech in Alabama last night. It was a great evening!
Congrats to Miss Universe 2011 @RealLeilaLopes &amp; @Giant great @OsiUmenyiora on their engagement! I am very happy for you both.
Amazing crowd outside @FallonTonight. Tune in tonight at 11:30. 
Looks like Jerry Brown and California are not looking for safety and security along their very porous Border. He cannot come to terms for the National Guard to patrol and protect the Border. The high crime rate will only get higher. Much wanted Wall in San Diego already started!
.@Yankees are making a big mistake sending the doping @AROD to rehab assignment. Should suspend him until investigation is over.
In 1999 @BarackObama said that he didn't support Welfare Reform  He just gutted the entire program.
“Trump's Championship #BlueMonster Course Opens To Rave Reviews”   via @sacbee_news
Congratulations to @ScottKWalker of Wisconsin--a great victory. A smart and tough guy. Great going.
Leaving the great people of North Carolina. Amazing event. Heading to Tampa now! #VoteTrump
...If you plan for the worst—if you can live with the worst—the good will always take care of itself.
Can you believe that the Chinese would not give Obama the proper stairway to get off his plane - fight on tarmac! 
Thanks.  
#VoteTrump #SuperTuesday✅Florida✅Illinois✅Missouri✅North Carolina✅Ohio #TrumpTrain  

.@EdRendell's book "A Nation of Wusses" is an excellent read--especially page 10. Go get it!
Had a great time on the @HowardStern show this morning—he will and should never change!
China is about to acquire a unit of AIG which we bailed out for $5.5B   China is making great deals on our backs.
“Keep your focus global and you may very well find yourself ahead of the game.” – Trump Never Give Up
House of Representatives shouldn't give anything to Obama unless he terminates Obamacare.
How can FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe the man in charge along with leakin’ James Comey of the Phony Hillary Clinton investigation (including her 33000 illegally deleted emails) be given $700000 for wife’s campaign by Clinton Puppets during investigation?

Just as I have been saying for MANY years and while they phony negotiate with the U.S. over nuclear Iran is taking over Iraq. Really sad!
“The Democrats want to run a Country and they can’t run a Caucus.” Brad Blakeman @FoxNews  Iowa is a complete disaster for the Dems. They should bring in Mini Mike Bloomberg ASAP!
Congrats to the new Gov. of Texas @GregAbbott_TX for taking a tough &amp; bold stance at the border. Should have been done long ago by Perry.
Spoke to Jerry Jones of the Dallas Cowboys yesterday. Jerry is a winner who knows how to get things done. Players will stand for Country!
I am supportive of Lamar as a person &amp; also of the process but I can never support bailing out ins co's who have made a fortune w/ O'Care.
On December 19th the @MissUniverse pageant will be broadcast live in over 190 countries to one billion viewers. @nbc
Would be really bad if columnist Mike Lupica left the @NYDailyNews.  A wonderful and talented guy!
Via @WashTimes by @SethMcLaughlin1: “Donald Trump: I want to run for president ‘so badly’” 
I have fun I love what I do. You should too. Find out how at the National Achievers Conference this October in London 

“WE’RE NOT GONG TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT.”  Can you believe this is the Governor of the Highest Taxed State in the U.S. Andrew Cuomo having a total meltdown!
The new USA Today Poll just out has me leading all of the Democrat contenders. That’s hard to believe since the Fake News &amp; 3 year Scams and Witch Hunts as phony as they are just never seem to end. The American people are smart. They see the great economy &amp; everything else!
Just signed Disaster Aid Bill to help Americans who have been hit by recent catastrophic storms. So important for our GREAT American farmers and ranchers. Help for GA FL IA NE NC and CA. Puerto Rico should love President Trump. Without me they would have been shut out! 
l still think @Boeing should just bite the bullet &amp; get rid of the new batteries in the 787. Those batteries will always be a problem!
Big vote tomorrow in the House. Tax cuts are getting close!
Congratulations to Brian Hagedorn on his big surprise win over a well funded Liberal Democrat in the Great State of Wisconsin for a very important Supreme Court seat. Republicans are producing big for Wisconsin!
#TrumpVlog Will our brave soldiers catch Ebola? 
So many lives and two trillion dollars wasted and our worst enemies will get the 2nd largest oil reserves in the World. Such stupid leaders
Unless the Republican Senators are total quitters Repeal &amp; Replace is not dead! Demand another vote before voting on any other bill!
THANK YOU to all of the great volunteers helping out with #HurricaneHarvey relief in Texas! 
....Matt has my Complete and Total Endorsement and always has. GET OUT and VOTE on November 5th for your GREAT Governor @MattBevin!
President Obama looks absolutely exhausted in the Netherlands. He is not a natural leader was never ment to lead - it is tough work for him
Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton cameras blazing.This should not happen!
Why are the Democrats not looking into all of the crimes committed by Crooked Hillary and the phony Russia Investigation? They would get back their credibility. Jerry Nadler Schiff  would have a whole new future open to them. Perhaps they could even run for President!
Heading now to Pella Iowa. Big crowd! Remember Trump is a big buyer of Pella windows. See you soon!
Central American presidents are blaming us for the influx of illegal immigration   Obama will soon apologize.
But the Fake News will never show this. Thank you! 
My @foxandfriends interview discussing my friend Whitney Houston @SarahPalinUSA's CPAC speechthe economy and primary 
Merry Christmas have an amazing day!
Via @FoxNews: "Donald Trump sends Bill Maher birth certificate awaits $5 million" 
Happy Thanksgiving to all--even the haters and losers!
.@serenawilliams is a special player. After winning the Gold for the US in the Olympics it looks like she will (cont) 
Read the Transcripts! “us” is a reference to USA not me!
Federal Judge in Maryland has just ruled that “President Trump has the right to end DACA.” President Obama had 8 years to fix this problem and didn’t. I am waiting for the Dems they are running for the hills!
Robert Bryce @NYPost--Congrats on your great opinion piece on terrible wind turbines &amp; how destructive they are. Windmills are a disaster.
Hillary and her friends! 
Everyone should cancel HBO until they fire low life dummy Bill Maher!  Get going now and feel good about yourself!

I'll be speaking tomorrow at the San Jose Convention Center (CA) for the first- ever National Achievers Congress 
Cosumer confidence highest in 18 years Atlanta Fed forecasts 4.7 GDP manufacturing jobs highest in many years. “It’s the story of the Trump Administration the Economic Success that’s unnerving his detractors.” @MariaBartiromo
3.1 GDP FOR THE YEAR BEST NUMBER IN 14 YEARS!
The Prosecutors who lost the case against SEAL Eddie Gallagher (who I released from solitary confinement so he could fight his case properly) were ridiculously given a Navy Achievement Medal. Not only did they lose the case they had difficulty with respect....
Big day in LOUISIANA tomorrow! Get out and VOTE to replace Radical Liberal Democrat John Bel Edwards with a great new REPUBLICAN Governor @EddieRispone! #GeauxVote #LAgov 
My thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in the train accident in DuPont Washington. Thank you to all of our wonderful First Responders who are on the scene. We are currently monitoring here at the White House.
Google search results for “Trump News” shows only the viewing/reporting of Fake New Media. In other words they have it RIGGED for me &amp; others so that almost all stories &amp; news is BAD. Fake CNN is prominent. Republican/Conservative &amp; Fair Media  is shut out. Illegal?  96% of...
“U.S. Consumer Confidence Hits 14-Year High” 

Via @GolfweekMag: "Major makeover: Trump has big vision for Doral"  by @BKleinGolfweek
I find it really hard to listen to @BarackObama's speeches. He doesn't have a clue.
When referring to the USA I will always capitalize the word Country!
.@Morning_Joe: Marco only won the debate in the minds of desperate people. I won every on-line poll even crazy @CNBC. Marco good looking?
Never met but never liked dopey Robert Gates. Look at the mess the U.S. is in. Always speaks badly of his many bosses including Obama.
Looking forward to soon being in North Carolina to hold a big rally for wonderful Dan Bishop who is running for Congress. His opponent wants Open Borders Sanctuary Cities and Socialism. He likes the “Squad” more than North Carolina. Dan has my Full and Complete Endorsement!
I have accepted @billmaher’s $5 million offer paid to me for charity (made on the @jayleno show).
Really disgusting that the failing New York Times allows dishonest writers to totally fabricate stories.
My friend Herman Cain a truly wonderful man has asked me not to nominate him for a seat on the Federal Reserve Board. I will respect his wishes. Herman is a great American who truly loves our Country!
A single Ebola carrier infects 2 others at a minimum. STOP THE FLIGHTS! NO VISAS FROM EBOLA STRICKEN COUNTRIES!

....Paul Ryan almost killed the Republican Party. Weak ineffective &amp; stupid are not exactly the qualities that Republicans or the CITIZENS of our Country were looking for. Right now our spirit is at an all time high far better than the Radical Left Dems. You’ll see next year!
.@NBA Hall of Famer @dennisrodman rebounds for a tremendous performance in his return to this year's All-Star @ApprenticeNBC! Great guy!
“@jacknicklaus elated at official grand opening of @TrumpFerryPoint”   via @nypost by @NYPost_Willis
Snowden is doing great damage to our relations with other countries and U.S.prestige. China is laughing at us as he continues illegal action
Great! 
Remember this---@BarackObama told @GStephanopoulos in 09 that it is "not true" that the individual mandate is a tax 
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7.00. (30 minutes). A great deal to talk about including Ebola quarantine.
“Do whatever it takes to improve your public-speaking skills. You’ll absolutely need them.” – Midas Touch
Great interview on @foxandfriends with the parents of Otto Warmbier: 1994 - 2017. Otto was tortured beyond belief by North Korea.
Via @ChristianPost "@NaghmehAbedini to Testify at New Congressional Hearing on Persecution of Pastor Saeed Abedini" 
If you want to get money into the hands of people quickly &amp; efficiently let them have the full money that they earned APPROVE A PAYROLL TAX CUT until the end of the year December 31. Then you are doing something that is really meaningful. Only that will make a big difference!
I will be interviewed tonight by Trish Regan on @FoxBusiness at 8:00 P.M. right after the great Lou Dobbs!
A pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities...,11-21-2012 16:28:57,623,228,false,271289105105707009Twitter Web Client,...and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties. -- Harry S. Truman
It is amazing how the Fake News Media became “crazed” over the chant “send he back” by a packed Arena (a record) crowd in the Great State of North Carolina but is totally calm &amp; accepting of the most vile and disgusting statements made by the three Radical Left Congresswomen....
THANK YOU! #MAGA #KAG2020 
Again for all of the haters and losers I have NOTHING to do with Atlantic City - got out a long time ago!
Explain to @brithume and @megynkelly who know nothing that I will beat Hillary and win states (and dem-indie votes) that no other R can!
Glad to hear patriotic Americans are organizing a movement this August to boycott Chinese products   People get it!
In Nov. '11 Al Qaeda's flag flew over the 'birthplace' of Libya's revolution    In Sept. '12 it flew over our Embassy.
True! 
...U.S.A. Trade. They fully understand where I am coming from. After many decades fair and reciprocal Trade will happen!
As has been incorrectly reported by the Fake News Media I never told then White House Counsel Don McGahn to fire Robert Mueller even though I had the legal right to do so. If I wanted to fire Mueller I didn’t need McGahn to do it I could have done it myself. Nevertheless....
Unbelievable crowd of supporters in Virginia Beach Virginia. Thank you! Next stop - Cleveland Ohio.… 
Brazil and Argentina have been presiding over a massive devaluation of their currencies. which is not good for our farmers. Therefore effective immediately I will restore the Tariffs on all Steel &amp; Aluminum that is shipped into the U.S. from those countries. The Federal....

Should be interesting but too bad the three guys at《1% will be taking up so much time -  but who knows maybe a star will be born (unlikely)
Just like its website ObamaCare is a disaster.Maybe all those who are fighting it are wasting their time-it will fail on its own!
Do you think it’s just luck that gas prices are so low and falling? Low gas prices are like another Tax Cut!
Jack Welch former Chairman and CEO of GE a business legend has died. There was no corporate leader like “neutron” Jack. He was my friend and supporter. We made wonderful deals together. He will never be forgotten. My warmest sympathies to his wonderful wife &amp; family!
Make sure to vote today.  Vote for real change.  Change that will deliver jobs and a free &amp; strong America.  Vote for @MittRomney.
I hope John Brennan the worst CIA Director in our country’s history brings a lawsuit. It will then be very easy to get all of his records texts emails and documents to show not only the poor job he did but how he was involved with the Mueller Rigged Witch Hunt. He won’t sue!
95% of Americans will pay less or at worst the same amount of taxes (mostly far less). The Dems only want to raise your taxes!
Heading to New Hampshire. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you Miami! In 6 days we are going to WIN the GREAT STATE of FLORIDA - and we are going to win back the White… 
....Matt has been a GREAT Governor. Kentucky (I Love You!) please be sure to vote for Matt Bevin on TUESDAY. Matt will never let you down and we have to send a strong signal to Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left Democrats. See you on Monday night VOTE TUESDAY!!!
.@GovernorPerry just gave a pollster quote on me. He doesn't understand what the word demagoguery means.
Word is that @NBCNews is firing sleepy eyes Chuck Todd in that his ratings on Meet the Press are setting record lows. He's a real loser!
General Qassem Soleimani has killed or badly wounded thousands of Americans over an extended period of time and was plotting to kill many more...but got caught! He was directly and indirectly responsible for the death of millions of people including the recent large number....
The Fake Media is working overtime today!
It was a pleasure to have President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan with us this morning! #USAatUNGA #UNGA 
Hillary's staff thought her email scandal might just blow over. Who would trust these people with national security? 
“Talent wins games but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.” - Michael Jordan
Obama will be going on @theviewtv &amp; fundraising while in NYC for the UN Assembly...
...sound horrible and me sound guilty. HE WAS DESPERATE AND HE GOT CAUGHT. Adam Schiff therefore lied to Congress and attempted to defraud the American Public. He has been doing this for two years. I am calling for him to immediately resign from Congress based on this fraud!
Now @BarackObama is telling donors he will need to 'revisit' healthcare in his 2nd term  
No surprise welfare spending is up over 30% under Obama.   He is the food stamp &amp; welfare "king"
Thank you @BillKristol. I am going to Make America Great Again!
.@DJohnsonPGA We are so proud of you Dustin. Your reaction under pressure was amazing. First of many Majors. You are a true CHAMPION!
Join me in Colorado Springs Colorado tomorrow at 1:00pm! #MAGA Tickets: 
The people of Ireland are very smart—they just killed an ugly windfarm which would've hurt tourism @AlexSalmond  
So wrong! @BarackObama is hosting China's VP Xi Jinping today at the Pentagon with a full honor ceremony with music and cannons...
Thanks &amp; I won't let you down.  
“You had Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party try to hide the fact that they gave money to GPS Fusion to create a Dossier which was used by their allies in the Obama Administration to convince a Court misleadingly by all accounts to spy on the Trump Team.” Tom Fitton JW
Billions of Dollars are pouring into the coffers of the U.S.A. because of the Tariffs being charged to China and there is a long way to go. If companies don’t want to pay Tariffs build in the U.S.A. Otherwise lets just make our Country richer than ever before!
The media is so in the tank for Obama that it is amazing—the funny thing is he can’t stand them!
.@bretbaier has a wonderful new book #specialheart and it’s proving to be a great success already. Bret is a winner!
Was Susan Rice told to lie about Bergdahl? Obama and his representatives lie about virtually everything from ObamaCare to a deserter.
....No Collusion No Obstruction! Robert Mueller said he was done after his last 9 minute news conference as later corrected. Now the Dems want to  give it another try. Does it ever end?
On 800 beautiful acres in Miami @TrumpDoral boasts 100000 sq. ft. in meeting space with event planning services 
On my way to Grand Rapids Michigan right now. See you all very soon! #MAGA 
I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Judy Shelton Ph. D. U.S. Executive Dir European Bank of Reconstruction &amp; Development. Judy is a Founding Member of the board of directors of Empower America and has served on the board of directors of Hilton Hotels.
Going on Letterman now - let me know what you think - how did I do?  Here we go!
If you experience any harassment or heckling at the polling places from Obama supporters make sure you report it immediately.
Next she says she's being set up by Omarosa to fail....is somebody confused?
Entrepreneurs: Get a momentum going. Listen apply then move forward. Do not procrastinate. See opportunity as the perk that it is.
Here I am with @trishstratuscom #WWEHOF 
The Trump Administrations has achieved more in the first 2 1/2 years of its existence than perhaps any administration in the history of our Country. We get ZERO media credit for what we have done and are doing but the people know and that’s all that is important!
What a time we all had in Iowa yesterday massive overflow crowd. Love them!
China wants to make a deal so badly. Thousands of companies are leaving because of the Tariffs they must stem the flow. At the same time China may be hoping for a Democrat to win so they could continue the great ripoff of America &amp; the theft of hundreds of Billions of $’s!
Via @WashTimes by @harperbulletin: “Donald Trump Goes to Washington”   
I am watching a great and beautiful service by Pastor Jentezen Franklin. Thank you! @Jentezen
Whether you think you can or think you can't you're right. -- Henry Ford
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016UNIFYING THE NATIONVideo:  
Via @washtimes: "Donald Trump warns of ‘dangerous precedent’ in Cyprus bank skimming" 
What team would you choose to win? #CelebApprentice
While @BarackObama criticizes the GOP budget his own party graded him with an "F" by voting down his budget in the House 414-0.
What would All-Star @ApprenticeNBC be w/out a Baldwin? @StephenBaldwin7 is at the top of his game this season. Our fans will be happy.
Good morning Ohio! Some additional information from my daughter @IvankaTrump! #VoteTrump #SuperTuesday 
Help save the lives of our troops.Our #vets suffering from TBI/PTS need treatment @makeitvisible Donate to 
How do you impeach a Republican President for a crime that was committed by the Democrats? MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I was speaking with Don Imus this morning.... 
via  Only one man up for the job of president  
....Became Number 1 in World &amp; Independent in Energy. Will soon have record number of Judges 2 SC Justices. Done more than any President in first 2 1/2 years despite phony &amp; fraudulent Witch Hunt illegally led against him. WIN on Mueller Report Mueller Testimony &amp; James Comey..
The harsh and unfair treatment of Judge Brett Kavanaugh is having an incredible upward impact on voters. The PEOPLE get it far better than the politicians. Most importantly this great life cannot be ruined by mean &amp; despicable Democrats and totally uncorroborated allegations!
 
The Dunes of @TrumpScotland are a world treasure threading thru @GolfWorld1’s Scotland top Par 72 7400 yd course 
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar--I'm worth more than $8 billion acknowledged almost no debt ...
Congressman John Ratcliffe “The Trump Campaign clearly did not conspire or collude.” @FoxNews
If Chelsea Clinton were asked to hold the seat for her motheras her mother gave our country away the Fake News would say CHELSEA FOR PRES!
The Boston terrorist thugs’ mother is also a radical.  I am sure she will be granted citizenship shortly.
Even the liberal CRS is now reporting Obama Care will cause 200% premium increases    Surprised? @Newsmax_Media
Can’t believe they are not going after Schumer for the threats he made to our cherished United States Supreme Court and our two great Justices. If a Republican did that there would be an endless price to pay. Pathetic!
Bob Turner--great guy great businessman will be a great Congressman. Was happy to help him win.
Anything the Russians did concerning the 2016 Election was done while Obama was President. He was told about it and did nothing! Most importantly the vote was not affected.
HISTORIC rainfall in Houston and all over Texas. Floods are unprecedented and more rain coming. Spirit of the people is incredible.Thanks!
....and false way. Something has to be done including the possibility of the United States starting our own Worldwide Network to show the World the way we really are GREAT!
I support K-9’s for Warriors a wonderful organization that trains service dogs for veterans. Please contact 
He @RickSantorum wants to decide what books people can read what movies they can see. #freespeech  It doesn't work that way!
Great meeting this afternoon at the @WhiteHouse with @Jack from @Twitter. Lots of subjects discussed regarding their platform and the world of social media in general. Look forward to keeping an open dialogue! 
The Fake and Corrupt News never called Google. They said this was not true. Even in times such as these they are not truthful. Watch for their apology it won’t happen. More importantly thank you to Google! 
.@SecShulkin's decision is one of the biggest wins for our VETERANS in decades. Our HEROES deserve the best! ➡️… 
I will be having a news conference today at 3:00 P.M. The White House. Topic: CoronaVirus!
In all fairness Nancy Pelosi deserves to be chosen Speaker of the House by the Democrats. If they give her a hard time perhaps we will add some Republican votes. She has earned this great honor!
Wow! @FoxNews poll just came out. #1 with 26%! Almost as importantly I am the strongest on economic issues by far! #Trump2016
How amazing the State Health Director who verified copies of Obama’s “birth certificate” died in plane crash today. All others lived
....Average hourly wages growth has far outpaced what we saw with President Obama. Across all industries from mining and construction to leisure &amp; hospitality With President Trump we see income growth in states like Iowa Ohio Pennsylvania Wisconsin Nevada Florida......
In just 4 days the people of Indiana are going to send Mike @braun4indiana to the United States Senate so we can keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Get out and VOTE!! 
.@TrumpLasVegas is Sin City’s most elite destination. Treat yourself to Vegas’ most luxurious hotel rooms 
......@DailyCaller @BreitbartNews @DRUDGE_REPORT &amp; @gatewaypundit.
Downtown Manhattan’s trendiest hotel @TrumpSoHo -- 46 stories of luxurious rooms fine dining &amp; The Spa  
Via @DMRegister by @JenniferJJacobs: "Trump to hand out Trump memorabilia at Iowa summit" 
Wisconsin and Pennsylvania have just certified my wins in those states. I actually picked up additional votes!
I am confident when American public gets to know @MittRomney the race will go his way. He's honorable &amp; successful man--polls looking good.
#badratings @Rosie you will never make it. You are not funny or talented.
Why wouldn't the @WSJ call for comment or clarification before writing an editorial which is so totally wrong. No wonder it is doing poorly!
“Much as it pays to emphasize the positive there are times when the only choice is confrontation.” – The Art of the Deal
Moments ago it was my great honor to sign #RightToTry into law!  
We shouldn’t have to buy our friends with bad Trade Deals and Free Military Protection!
Bill Clinton did a great job last night--the Democrats are lucky to have him. Do you really believe he likes @BarackObama?
Democrats have shut down our government in the interests of their far left base. They don’t want to do it but are powerless!
Just watched @FoxNews heavily promoting the Democrats through their DNC Communications Director spewing out whatever she wanted with zero pushback by anchor @SandraSmithFox. Terrible considering that Fox couldn’t even land a debate the Dems give them NOTHING! @CNN &amp; @MSNBC....
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower Vancouver will be a new landmark in a fantastic city 
Standing ovation after promising to bring the American Dream back and better than ever before! 
Presidential Approval numbers are very good - strong economy military and just about everything else. Better numbers than Obama at this point by far. We are winning on just about every front and for that reason there will not be a Blue Wave but there might be a Red Wave!
The USA Loves India! 
Great meeting with Governor Mapp of the #USVI. He is very thankful for the great job done by @FEMA and First Responders. 
I will be going to Trump National Doral in Miami early today to check on the construction of the hotel and the new Blue Monster. AMAZING!
....China’s representatives and I are trying to do a complete deal leaving NOTHING unresolved on the table. All of the many problems are being discussed and will be hopefully resolved. Tariffs on China increase to 25% on March 1st so all working hard to complete by that date!
China has been working very hard to contain the Coronavirus. The United States greatly appreciates their efforts and transparency. It will all work out well. In particular on behalf of the American People I want to thank President Xi!
With all my Administration has done on Legislative Approvals (broke Harry Truman’s Record) Regulation Cutting Judicial Appointments Building Military VA TAX CUTS &amp; REFORM Record Economy/Stock Market and so much more I am sure great credit will be given by mainstream news?
I am in Scotland checking on my developments in Aberdeen and Turnberry. Just left Ireland property will be great. ALWAYS CHECKING!
My son @DonaldJTrumpJr is coming out with a new book “Triggered: How the Left Thrives on Hate and Wants to Silence Us” – available tomorrow November 5th! A great new book that I highly recommend for ALL to read. Go order it today!
.@thehill  John Oliver had his people call to ask me to be on his very boring and low rated show. I said "NO THANKS" Waste of time &amp; energy!
We are apprehending record numbers of illegal immigrants - but we need the Wall to help our great Border Patrol Agents!
In '08 @BarackObama said that Bush adding $4T to the debt was unpatriotic. @BarackObama has already added $6T.
“Iowa hirings suggest Donald Trump serious about 2016 White House bid”  via @WashTimes by @SethMcLaughlin1
Wonderful meeting with Canadian PM @JustinTrudeau and a group of leading CEO's &amp; business women from Canada🇨🇦and th… 
One of the greats! 
I am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of Don McGahn as White House Councel! I liked Don but he was NOT responsible for me not firing Bob Mueller or Jeff Sessions. So much Fake Reporting and Fake News!
President Xi of China has been very helpful in his support of my meeting with Kim Jong Un. The last thing China wants are large scale nuclear weapons right next door. Sanctions placed on the border by China and Russia have been very helpful. Great relationship with Chairman Kim!
George Conway often referred to as Mr. Kellyanne Conway by those who know him is VERY jealous of his wife’s success &amp; angry that I with her help didn’t give him the job he so desperately wanted. I barely know him but just take a look a stone cold LOSER &amp; husband from hell!
.@foxandfriends will be showing much of our successful trip to Asia and the friendships &amp; benefits that will endure for years to come!
At the Univision forum Obama continued to make excuses for Fast and Furious  His operation killed innocent Americans.
Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimary 
Today is #VeteransDay. Let us be thankful for our nation’s finest who fight at all corners of the earth to protect our freedoms.
Trump Invitational at Mar-a-Lago was a huge success.  Raised millions for charity and was the 1st equestrian event held in Palm Beach.
Keep stimulating your mind with big ideas. Be a collector of big ideas. Constantly fill your mind with new information. - Think Big
THANK YOU ASIA! #USA🇺🇸 
....They have really done a great job in capturing my long-held views and ideas. This book is on sale now - a terrific read of a really interesting subject!
Revisionist history. Now Obama claims he never told us that everyone could keep their healthcare plans. Crazy!
Congrats to people of Scotland on the Judge’s ruling concerning bird killing land destroying environmentally disastrous windmills.
Join @TeamTrump on Facebook &amp; watch tonight's rally from Geneva Ohio- our 3rd rally of the day. #AmericaFirst #MAGA 
We are going through contentious primaries now but the GOP must unite. Let’s take the Senate and stop Obama’s dangerous agenda.
There was a major diplomatic breakthrough yesterday w/the White House Iran &amp; China. All celebrated Chuck Hagel being voted in as SOD.
Today marks the one-year anniversary of the opening of the United States Embassy in Jerusalem Israel. Our beautiful embassy stands as a proud reminder of our strong relationship with Israel and of the importance of keeping a promise and standing for the truth.
.@mcuban has less TV persona than  any other person I can think of. He’s an arrogant crude dope who met some very stupid people...
Simply put he choked! 
Speech on Veterans' Reform:
We are getting reports from many voters that the Cruz people are back to doing very sleazy and dishonest "pushpolls" on me. We are watching!
Wow- 25000 in San Diego California!Thank you!! #Trump2016 
Democrats don’t care about Border Security. They refuse to give the votes necessary to fix the Loopholes and Asylum. Would be so easy! They want Open Borders which means CRIMECRIMECRIME!
Just like they don’t want to solve the DACA problem why didn’t the Democrats pass gun control legislation when they had both the House &amp; Senate during the Obama Administration. Because they didn’t want to and now they just talk!
Great news as a result of our TAX CUTS &amp; JOBS ACT! 
....talks with Mexico will resume tomorrow with the understanding that if no agreement is reached Tariffs at the 5% level will begin on Monday with monthly increases as per schedule. The higher the Tariffs go the higher the number of companies that will move back to the USA!
France just put a digital tax on our great American technology companies. If anybody taxes them it should be their home Country the USA. We will announce a substantial reciprocal action on Macron’s foolishness shortly. I’ve always said American wine is better than French wine!
Just left Sioux Center Iowa. My speech was very well received. Truly great people! Packed house- overflow!
Great to be back from Vietnam an amazing place. We had very substantive negotiations with Kim Jong Un - we know what they want and they know what we must have. Relationship very good let’s see what happens!
Our next President must stop China's Rip-off of America.
Thank you for the wonderful welcome @WEF! #Davos2018 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
Concerns over the national debt are stopping businesses from hiring and expanding  Obama's policies are unsustainable
Nothing conservative about the Club for Growth coming into my office and demanding a $1M contribution which naturally they did not get.
Remember Sunday is National Prayer Day (by Presidential Proclamation)!
Thank you South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
.@foxandfriends in five minutes.  Enjoy!
Iran’s Military Budget is up more than 40% since the Obama negotiated Nuclear Deal was reached...just another indicator that it was all a big lie. But not anymore!
Heading to Nevada to help a man who has become a good friend Senator Dean Heller. He is all about #MAGA and I need his Help and Talent in Washington. Also Adam Laxalt will be a GREAT GOVERNOR and has my complete and total Endorsement. Winners Both!
Just returned to Bedminster NJ from Camp David. GREAT meeting on National Security the Border and the Military! #MAGA🇺🇸 
I was standing with @SHAQ when a young high school star Kevin Garnett @Celtics said to a crowd "Forget Shaq I want to meet Donald Trump."
We must protect our country and our workers. Our steel industry is in bad shape. IF YOU DON’T HAVE STEEL YOU DON’T HAVE A COUNTRY!
??? @BarackObama held a raffle with donors for a lunch in the White House. The winners were conveniently all (cont) 
Watch @PaulRyanVP explain how "'It's irrefutable' that President Obama is damaging Medicare'" 
The press is doing everything within their power to fight the magnificence of the phrase MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! They can’t stand the fact that this Administration has done more than virtually any other Administration in its first 2yrs. They are truly the ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
.@StephenMoore and Arthur Laffer two very talented men have just completed an incredible book on my Economic Policies or as they call it #TRUMPONOMICS....
“This is as good a time as I can remember to be an American Worker. We have the strongest economy in the world.”  Stuart Varney @foxandfriends  So true!
Thanks- many are saying I'm the best 140 character writer in the world. It's easy when it's fun.
Mike Pompeo is outstanding. First in his class at West Point. A top student at Harvard Law School. A success at whatever he has done. We need the Senate to approve Mike ASAP. He will be a great Secretary of State!
Heading to the Southern Border to show a section of the new Wall being built! Leaving now!
.@FLGovScott has been relentless in securing the funding to fix the algae problem from Lake Okeechobee - we will solve this! Congress must follow through on the Government’s plan on the Everglades Reservoir. Bill Nelson has been no help!
“Strong men have sound ideas and the force to make these ideas effective.” -- Andrew Mellon
VERY IRONIC: "In 2010 video Clinton lectured underlings on cybersecurity and guarding ‘sensitive information’" 
The attack on Mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. We gave them months of notice. U.S. is looking so dumb. VOTE TRUMP and WIN AGAIN!
Just arrived in Wisconsin to discuss JOBS JOBS JOBS! #MAGA🇺🇸 
I will be making my Supreme Court pick on Thursday of next week.Thank you!
.@hardball_chris  Did you forget about Bill Ayers &amp; so many others? You should apologize to all the people you offended yesterday.
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. -- Steve Jobs
Puerto Rico is in great shape with Hurricane Dorian taking a largely different route than anticipated. Thank you to FEMA first responders and all for working so hard &amp; being so well prepared. A great result! The bad news Florida get ready! Storm is building and will be BIG!
Paulina @MissUniverse Vega will be introduced tonight at the Finale of Celebrity Apprentice.She is a great beauty and a monster star in S.A.
Thank you to General John Kelly who is doing a fantastic job and all of the Staff and others in the White House for a job well done. Long hours and Fake reporting makes your job more difficult but it is always great to WIN and few have won more than us!
I will be in Huntsville Alabama on Saturday night to support Luther Strange for Senate. "Big Luther" is a great guy who gets things done!
Getting ready to land in Hawaii. Looking so much forward to meeting with our great Military/Veterans at Pearl Harbor!
Via @inventorspot by Myra Per-Lee: “Got A Great Idea? Get Donald Trump To Fund It”  
The Failing @nytimes set Liddle' Bob Corker up by recording his conversation. Was made to sound a fool and that's what I am dealing with!
What do you think of my suing @billmaher for $5M for charity? He made an offer I accepted.
Just left the @G7 Summit in beautiful Canada. Great meetings and relationships with the six Country Leaders especially since they know I cannot allow them to apply large Tariffs and strong barriers to...
Scotland is beautiful. I spent several years looking for the right place visiting over 200 sites and this is absolutely the right place!
Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
Offering two championship courses @TrumpGolfDC has been awarded the honor of hosting the 2017 @seniorpgachamp 
The citizens of Venezuela have suffered for too long at the hands of the illegitimate Maduro regime. Today I have officially recognized the President of the Venezuelan National Assembly Juan Guaido as the Interim President of Venezuela. 
Thank you so nice but we are getting it done anyway! 
Great job First Lady Melania! 
Such an honor to have my good friend Israel PM @Netanyahu join us w/ his delegation in NYC this afternoon. #UNGA  
Why is lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman allowed to ask for campaign contributions from my people during settlement negotiations?
CAMPAIGN STATEMENT: 
Our hearts are with all affected by the wildfires in California. God bless our brave First Responders and @FEMA team. We support you! 
Highly respected Justice Daniel Kelly is running for the Supreme Court in the Great State of Wisconsin. Justice Kelly has been doing a terrific job upholding the Rule of Law and defending your #2A. Tough on Crime Loves our Military and our Vets. He has my Complete Endorsement!
So proud of our great Military which will soon be after the spending of billions of fully approved dollars the finest that our Country has ever had. There won’t be anything or anyone even close!
.@ABCPolitics #GOPDebate#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN 
Via @MarketWatch: “@TrumpSoHo New York Unveils $50 Million Presidential Penthouse” 
WSJ: Obama Admin Must Account for ‘Abuse of Surveillance Powers’  via @BreitbartNews
Bringing hundreds of billions of dollars back to the U.S.A. from the Middle East - which will mean JOBS JOBS JOBS!
October 2015 - thanks Chris Wallace @FoxNewsSunday! 
I have been asking Director Comey &amp; others from the beginning of my administration to find the LEAKERS in the intelligence community.....
Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results. -- Think Like a Billionaire.
I have not read the Mueller Report yet even though I have every right to do so. Only know the conclusions and on the big one No Collusion. Likewise recommendations made to our great A.G. who found No Obstruction. 13 Angry Trump hating Dems (later brought to 18) given two.....
Join Governor Mike Pence in Reno Nevada- tonight at 7pm! Tickets available at: 
A bad thing finally happened to Derek Jeter--- he is a great champion.
Speaking of failing badly has anyone seen what is happening to Nancy Pelosi’s district in San Francisco. It is not even recognizeable lately. Something must be done before it is too late. The Dems should stop wasting time on the Witch Hunt Hoax and start focusing on our Country!
When Obama tried to tweak his previous statement on ObamaCare he made it an even greater lie-even the Senate Democrats are angry with him!
The Boston Bomber got immediate emergency surgery for a gunshot yet our vets die on waiting lines at the VA. We must do better!

Obama never consulted with Congress about a prisoner exchange. HE BROKE THE LAW AND SHOULD BE TRIED. OUR PRESIDENT IS A TOTAL DISASTER!
New York get out and VOTE for @JohnFasoNy a great and hardworking Congressman. We need John’s voice in D.C. His opponent just moved to the area - is Pro-Iran and Anti-Israel. Vote for John. Has my Strong Endorsement!
We commend SG @AntonioGuterres &amp; his call for the UN to focus more on people &amp; less on bureaucracy. #USAatUNGA #UNGA  
O'Malley as former Mayor of Baltimore has very little chance.
I left Atlantic City years ago good timing. Now I may buy back in at much lower price  to save Plaza &amp; Taj. They were run badly by funds!
The Trump Administration has accomplished more than any other U.S. Administration in its first two (not even) years of existence &amp; we are having a great time doing it! All of this despite the Fake News Media which has gone totally out of its mind-truly the Enemy of the People!
I never called the strike against Iran “BACK” as people are incorrectly reporting I just stopped it from going forward at this time!
Commissioner Adam Silver made a strong and very wise decision concerning Donald Sterling.
I will be in Maryland this afternoon for a major rally. Things are looking good for Tuesday!
Glad to see that Sacha Baron Cohen's new movie is not only a dud but not too good at the box office. He is talentless. @Sacha_B_Cohen
You can add 10% or 15% to this number. Economy doing better than EVER before! 
After four  years of getting the run-around America needs a turnaround and the man for the job is Governor Mitt Romney. @PaulRyanVP
Via @MiamiHerald by Bill Van Smith: "@jacknicklaus reminisces amid honor at @TrumpDoral" 
What is our President doing? 
Gary Johnson is asking people "to waste" their vote on him. Make it count - vote for @MittRomney.
Wow just heard that my poll numbers with Hispanics has gone up 19% to 50%. That is because they know the Border issue better than anyone and they want Security which can only be gotten with a Wall.
With Ben Carson wanting to hit his mother on head with a hammer stab a friend and Pyramids built for grain storage - don't people get it?
Entrepreneurs:  Follow your instincts and keep your focus intact. You alone know where you really want to go.
Via @AmSpec by Jeffrey Lord: “Donald Trump Takes Ice Bucket Challenge – Dares Obama” 
Unless you catch "hackers" in the act it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasn't this brought up before election?
Happy birthday to @garyplayer a truly great Champion and Person!
No surprise with the talk of amnesty in DC illegal immigration is picking up in Arizona 
So great being with you both in the Oval Office! 
“John Solomon: As Russia Collusion fades Ukrainian plot to help Clinton emerges.” @seanhannity  @FoxNews
THE SECOND AMENDMENT WILL NEVER BE REPEALED! As much as Democrats would like to see this happen and despite the words yesterday of former Supreme Court Justice Stevens NO WAY. We need more Republicans in 2018 and must ALWAYS hold the Supreme Court!
If Ebola is so non-contagious how come an NBC cameraman caught it so quickly while over in West Africa? U.S. is behaving very foolishly!
It was wonderful to be back in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania with the incredible Patriots who fuel our factories light up our homes power our industries and fill our hearts with true American Pride! #SHALEINSIGHT2019 
CNN Poll just out on South Carolina – great #’s 
Our relationship with Russia is at an all-time &amp; very dangerous  low. You can thank Congress the same people that can't even give us HCare!
Not that it matters but I never fired James Comey because of Russia! The Corrupt Mainstream Media loves to keep pushing that narrative but they know it is not true!
#FlashbackFriday Many big movies have filmed in my buildings. Here is @TrumpChicago in #Transformers 3. 
With @shawnjohnson and @lorenzolamas from @apprenticenbc- two great people! 
Letterman @Late_Show begging me to go back on his low rated show--calls lots--must apologize for racist comment.
....invited Megan or the team but I am now inviting the TEAM win or lose. Megan should never disrespect our Country the White House or our Flag especially since so much has been done for her &amp; the team. Be proud of the Flag that you wear. The USA is doing GREAT!
BIG thank you to Mac Thornberry (@MacTXPress) for a GREAT Defense Deal! Mac has been a champion for our Military and Vets his whole career and now he can add Space Force to his accomplishments. Look forward to another great defense bill next year Mac! @HASCRepublicans
Will be interviewed on @GMA this morning at 7:00. Thanks for the GREAT poll results!
Former President Jimmy Carter is so happy that he is no longer considered the worst President in the history of the United States!
Congratulations to @secupp on joining @newtgingrich on @CNN’s Crossfire. Show will be excellent!
Adam Schiff is a disgrace to our Country! 
The Fake News is showing old footage of people climbing over our Ocean Area Fence. This is what it really looks like - no climbers anymore under our Administration! 
Via @ACLJ: "Pastor Saeed's Wife Expresses Gratitude to Donald Trump for Raising Her Husband's Plight" 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
“There’s no fairness here if you’re a Democrat or a friend of Hillary you get immunity or off scott free. If you’re connected to Donald Trump you get people like Robert Mueller &amp; Andrew Weissman and his team of partisans coming after you with a vengeance and abusing their....
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
The middle-class has worked so hard are not getting the kind of jobs that they have long dreamed of - and no  effective raise in years. BAD
Wow did the @nytimes fall into the Bush trap where his people convinced them how happy he was that I was hurting other candidates &amp; not him
My son @EricTrump is in Memphis at St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital...

Today it was my honor to welcome Estonia President @KerstiKaljulaid Lithuania President @Grybauskaite_LT and Latvia President @Vejonis to the @WhiteHouse. Congratulations on your 100th anniversaries of independence! #BalticSummit:  
Happy Birthday to our great United States @SecretService! 
President Putin of Russia called to thank me and the U.S. for informing them of a planned terrorist attack in the very beautiful city of Saint Petersburg. They were able to quickly apprehend the suspects with many lives being saved. Great &amp; important coordination!
Little Marco Rubio the lightweight no show Senator from Florida is just another Washington politician. 
How much longer will the failing nytimes with its big losses and massive unfunded liability (and non-existent sources) remain in business?
As long as I campaign and/or support Senate and House candidates (within reason) they will win! I LOVE the people &amp; they certainly seem to like the job I’m doing. If I find the time in between China Iran the Economy and much more which I must we will have a giant Red Wave!
Will be at the Women's U.S. Open today!
Thank you Milwaukee Wisconsin! #KAG2020 #MAGA 
If they actually did this the markets would crash. Do you think it was luck that got us to the best Stock Market and Economy in our history. It wasn’t! 
Going to Scotland Ireland &amp; other places in Europe to close up deals. Getting ready for the June 16th announcement @TrumpTowerNY!
.@sethmeyers  Seth can't help it - he is really trying hard but just doesn't have what it takes. Very awkward and insecure!
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst.  
Never said anything derogatory about Haitians other than Haiti is obviously a very poor and troubled country. Never said “take them out.” Made up by Dems. I have a wonderful relationship with Haitians. Probably should record future meetings - unfortunately no trust!
If you think big you will encounter big setbacks from time to time. What really matters is how you respond to them. - Think Big
Thanks Jim. Would be great to just run our Country! 
British PM Cameron is making a fool of himself by wasting billions of pounds on unwanted &amp; environment destroying Scottish windmills.
Congratulations to Justice Neil Gorsuch on his elevation to the United States Supreme Court. A great day for Americ… 
Mini Mike Bloomberg is a LOSER who has money but can’t debate and has zero presence you will see. He reminds me of a tiny version of Jeb “Low Energy” Bush but Jeb has more political skill and has treated the Black community much better than Mini! 
Isn’t it interesting that the tragedy in Paris took place in one of the toughest gun control countries in the world?
We will remain fully engaged w/ open lines of communication as #HurricaneHarvey makes landfall. America is w/ you! @GovAbbott @FEMA @DHSgov 
The Stock Market went up massively from the day after I won the Election all the way up to the day that I took office because of the enthusiasm for the fact that I was going to be President. That big Stock Market increase must be credited to me. If Hillary won - a Big Crash!
Representative Devin Nunes a man of tremendous courage and grit may someday be recognized as a Great American Hero for what he has exposed and what he has had to endure!
Congratulations to Jim Herman my ass't golf pro at Trump Nat'l Golf Club/Bedminster NJ for qualifying for the U.S. Open! @usopengolf
As they have learned in the last two years our great American Farmers know that China will not be able to hurt them in that their President has stood with them and done what no other president would do - And I’ll do it again next year if necessary!

The Federal Reserve is cuting  but must further ease and most importantly come into line with other countries/competitors. We are not playing on a level field. Not fair to USA. It is finally time for the Federal Reserve to LEAD. More easing and cutting!
Today May 4th - is International Firefighters Day! We remember all of those who put their lives on the line to save others and are grateful to those who continue to do so 24/7/365. We love our great firefighters thank you! #ThankAFirefighter 
Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn.
A fine man Dr. Paul F. Crouch has just passed away. All Christians are grateful for his wonderful life and work. @TBN
Please help @autismspeaks with their petition to the White House for a national strategy for the autism epidemic 
Just landed in Da Nang Vietnam to deliver a speech at #APEC2017
Crazy Joe Scarborough and dumb as a rock Mika are not bad people but their low rated show is dominated by their NBC bosses. Too bad!
Who is the dumbest man on TV? @Lawrence of MSNBC... 
..."collusion" which doesn't exist. The Dems are using this terrible (and bad for our country) Witch Hunt for evil politics but the R's...
American Exceptionalism and the Navy Yard shooting do not go hand in hand. Foreign countries in particular Russia are mocking the U.S.
Great day in D.C. with @SpeakerRyan and Republican leadership. Things working out really well! #Trump2016 
Entrepreneurs:  Be tough be smart be personable --  but don't take things personally. That's good business.
Fighting between various groups that has been going on for hundreds of years. USA should never have been in Middle East. Moved our 50 soldiers out. Turkey MUST take over captured ISIS fighters that Europe refused to have returned. The stupid endless wars for us are ending! 
Wow Obama really put it to Israel by canceling flights there. This puts them at a tremendous disadvantage. Tourism and more will just stop.
Great reviews on the new USMCA. Thank you! Mexico and Canada will be wonderful partners in Trade (and more) long into the future.
President Obama's literary agent (in 1991) promoted a book about "the first African-American president of the (cont) 
Just as I predicted Iraq is deteriorating into utter chaos   The war was a waste. China is taking all the oil.

...can't change history but you can learn from it. Robert E Lee Stonewall Jackson - who's next Washington Jefferson? So foolish! Also...
Join the MOVEMENT! 
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again!  
My @foxandfriends interview discussing the "Make America Great Again" Texas filing and the Iowa caucus 
“When your making an unsubstantiated statement that the President is making a claim having to do with quid pro quo this witness has blown a big hole into that statement. The Ambassador put a dagger in the heart of Schiffs fairytale.”  Rep. Lee Zeldin
Remember we don't get any oil from Iraq China gets whatever ISIS hasn't already taken. So why isn't China sending the troops? Too smart!
The FBI is totally unable to stop the national security "leakers" that have permeated our government for a long time. They can't even......
Landing in Pennsylvania now. Great new poll this morning thank you. Lets #DrainTheSwamp and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain… 
.....again with China as our relationship with them continues to be a very good one. The quality of the transaction is far more important to me than speed. I am in no hurry but things look very good! Their will be no reduction in the Tariffs currently being charged to China.
Remarks by President Trump at the Signing of H.R. 5895:  
Lance Armstrong just got sued by the Federal Government-they want their money back-I told you so! What was he thinking when he did that int?
Lets fight like hell and stop this great and disgusting injustice! The world is laughing at us.
“I’m taking this book with a grain of salt &amp; everyone should do the same. Multiple sources but almost every one of them has come out and discredited the claims made by Woodward. You cannot take this book too seriously.” Katelyn Caralle Washington Examiner
Negotiation tip: Know exactly what you want and focus on that. Trust your instincts even after you've honed your skills.
The #USSJohnFinn will provide essential capabilities to keep America safe. Our sailors are the best anywhere in the world. Congratulations! 
Six months in - it is the hope of GROWTH📈that is making America🇺🇸FOUR TRILLION DOLLARS💰RICHER. -Stuart @VarneyCo🎥 
I will be doing @hannityshow tonight on Fox at 9 o’clock. Will be interesting and tough!
Thousand of Federal Government (delivered) Ventilators found in New York storage. N.Y. must distribute NOW!
Last Saturday A-Rod was 0-3 and left 6 stranded. But he was still hitting on girls from the dugout   He is very selfish!
While I own properties across the world I am very excited about my new acquisition of @Doral in Miami. (cont) 
...lawyer has already stated that I did nothing wrong. John Bolton is a patriot and may know that I held back the money from Ukraine because it is considered a corrupt country &amp; I wanted to know why nearby European countries weren’t putting up money also. Likewise I would....
I would rather take a political risk in pursuit of peace than to risk peace in pursuit of politics. #HELSINKI2018 
China keeps manipulating its currency at our financial expense.  Why do our leaders continually let China run all over us?
Iranian Harassment of U.S. Warships:2015: 222016: 362017: 142018: 0Source: @USNavy
Thank you Kevin. Great things are happening at the Border! 
We are going to defend our industry &amp; create a level playing field for the American worker. It is time to put… 
Remember when you hear the words "sources say" from the Fake Media often times those sources are made up and do not exist.
Polls are starting to look really bad for Obama. Looks like he'll have to start a war or major conflict to win. Don't put it past him!
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to stop by the Women's Empowerment  Panel this afternoon at the @WhiteHouse.… 
..”This is an astounding development in journalism. I’ve never seen it happen before I’ve just never seen anything like this! Is that journalism today? I don’t think so!” Mark Penn Former Clinton Advisor. @TuckerCarlson After 3 years I almost got a good headline from the Times!
My major hotel conversion of The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. is under budget and ahead of schedule. Should be U.S.A.
....Your current Governor John Bel Edwards has done a poor job with economic development (last in nation) and auto insurance (highest in nation) wants to raise your taxes BIG - vote for Eddie starting Saturday!
Tonight I trade places with Larry King @kingsthings and interview him on the 25th anniversary of his show. 9PM on CNN featuring best clips.
Congressional Black Caucus Chairman Emanuel Cleaver is right. @BarackObama's budget is a "nervous breakdown on paper."
Happy National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day! #LESM 
Opening in 2016 Trump Hotel Rio de Janeiro will be a 13-story 171-guestroom masterpiece with a beachside view 
If Obama was willing to lie about ObamaCare then what else has he lied to us about…
The "Rust Belt" was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END!

Big day tomorrow in Georgia and South Carolina. ObamaCare is dead. Dems want to raise taxes big! They can only obstruct no ideas. Vote "R"
Just as I predicted today Obama called for even more tax increases.  The Republicans played right into his hands and blew their cards.
Nancy Pelosi wants Congress to take away authority Presidents use to stand up to other countries and defend AMERICANS. Stand with your Commander in Chiefs!
I'm thrilled to announce that my new tailored clothing line has officially launched at Macy's. In business it'… (cont) 
Congratulations to @gretawire on the 11 year anniversary of @FoxNews 'On the Record.' Always enjoy being interviewed by Greta. She's great.
Obama just said @MittRomney was "a very successful investor"--- big mistake for Obama to admit- he has less and less credibility.
Via Business Insider: Donald Trump's Poll Dominance in 2 Key States is Mind-Blowing- 
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.  --  Albert Einstein
The Radical Left Dems are working hard but THE PEOPLE are much smarter. Working hard thank you! 
Congratulations to our new Secretary of Defense Mark @EsperDoD! 
China just enacted a major stimulus plan. With all the Tariffs THEY are paying to the USA Billions and Billions of Dollars they need it! In the meantime our Federal Reserve sits back and does NOTHING!
Still can’t believe that Bloomberg violated a firm OFF THE RECORD statement. Will they put out an apology?
“Successful people don't have fewer problems.They have determined that nothing will stop them from going forward.” Dr. Benjamin Carson
The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good but for the final night my speech great. Thank you!
Entrepreneurs: Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
...but then he ran for Congress and won only to lose his re-elect after I Tweeted my endorsement on Election Day for his opponent. But now take heart he is back and running for President of the United States. The Three Stooges all badly failed candidates will give it a go!
Thank you James! 
WRONG: A China court ordered @apple to pay $60M to a Chinese company that registered iPad before @apple 
“Private payrolls boom in July increasing by 219000 vs 185000 estimate: ADP” 
Thank you Erie Pennsylvania! Remember to get out and VOTE! #MAGA🇺🇸 
Trump Victorious in Fort Lauderdale Litigation 
Our first duty and our highest loyalty is to the citizens of the United States. We will not rest until our border is secure our citizens are safe and we finally end the immigration crisis once and for all. 
Obama's wind turbines kill “13-39 million birds and bats every year!”   Save our bald eagles symbol of our nation!
The State Of The Union speech was one of the most boring rambling and non-substantive I have heard in a long time. New leadership fast!
Obama administration said that Saudi Arabia was on Syria’s border    Wrong. These are the civilians planning the war.
Because of how badly they did with the Impeachment Hoax AOC will primary Cryin’ Chuck Schumer and win and Jerry Nadler has a good chance of losing to his far left primary opponent! It is all getting quite interesting. Pelosi will lose the House AGAIN! My poll numbers great.
Thank you! 
Congratulations to Corey Stewart for his great victory for Senator from Virginia. Now he runs against a total stiff Tim Kaine who is weak on crime and borders and wants to raise your taxes through the roof. Don’t underestimate Corey a major chance of winning!
Russia took Crimea during the so-called Obama years. Who wouldn't know this and why does Obama get a free pass?
If you like to work hard you will attract people with the same ethic. - Think Like a Billionaire
The Impeachment Hoax is hurting our Stock Market. The Do Nothing Democrats don’t care!
In a short while I will be presenting the New York @Yankees @MarianoRivera the greatest relief pitcher (Closer!) of all time with the Presidential Medal of Freedom in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse!
Remember don't believe "sources said" by the VERY dishonest media. If they don't name the sources the sources don't exist.
The opinion of this so-called judge which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country is ridiculous and will be overturned!
People ask "why do you tweet and re-tweet to millions about @JebBush when he is so low in the polls?" Because of his big $ hit ads on me!
Looks like the U.S. will be having the coldest March since 1996-global warming anyone?????????
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you to Kurt Volker U.S. Envoy to Ukraine who said in his Congressional Testimony just released “You asked what conversations did I have about that quid pro quo et cetra. NONE because I didn’t know there was a quid pro quo.”  Witch Hunt!
Wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade but if I win all of the bad things happening in the U.S. will be rapidly reversed!
Margaret Thatcher was the Iron Lady of the West. She promoted freedom &amp; democracy---a great leader &amp; ally of America.
Just learned that Jon @Ossoff who is running for Congress in Georgia doesn't even live in the district. Republicans get out and vote!
When terrorists are beheading and executing American citizens in such a brutal waythe report on torture should be the least of our concerns
Isn't it crazy I'm worth billions of dollars employ thousands of people and get libeled by  moron bloggers who can't afford a suit! WILD.
.@DennisRodman is always hard to miss-especially when dressed in silver finery. But not sure about the silver lipstick. #CelebApprentice
He @MittRomney is a successful entrepreneur. @BarackObama successfuly ruined America's credit. Easy choice in November.
Canada has made business for our dairy farmers in Wisconsin and other border states very difficult. We will not stand for this. Watch!
Thank you @JimCramer @CNBC! 
Do you believe this - Iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners (not 4) for 19 prisoners held by the U.S. Should have been let go with last deal!
Must read article on Obama's illegal fundraising from abroad   Foreign candidate getting foreign donations.
Missouri just confirmed #Trump2016 as the official winner- with an additional 12 delegates. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Congratulations to Tucker Carlson on the great success of his book “Ship of Fools.” It just went to NUMBER ONE!
In making any decision you need all the facts. But after exhausting all due diligence in the end you have to go with your gut!
A great choice. Bill is a winner! 
I want to welcome you all to the @WhiteHouse as we award our very bravest law enforcement officers and firefighters our nation’s highest public safety award – The Medal of Valor...
Wow NY Observer story about @AGSchneiderman really exposes him as a sleazebag &amp; crook. He’s bad for New York.  

Obama talks about what he is going to do--why the hell didn't he just do it especially in the first 2 years when he had all votes necessary
Word is that little Morty Zuckerman’s @NYDailyNews loses more than $50 million per year---can that be possible?
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Doing a commercial for @NFLONFOX- lots of fun! 
THANK YOU! 
Word is that despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads I had a massive victory in Florida. Numbers out soon!
GOD BLESS THE USA🇺🇸 
.@G7 Press Briefing in Charlevoix Canada prior to departing for Singapore! 
This is now changing - for the first time! 
Re Kerry admitting to “working” for Pastor Abedini’s release--why has US already released Iranian spies &amp; nuclear scientist? Dumb!
The third mass attack (slaughter) in days by ISIS. 200 dead in Baghdad worst in many years. We do not have leadership that can stop this!
If you can’t see it you can’t make it happen. Entrepreneurs chase your dreams with resolute focus &amp; determination. Be positive!
Markets are crashing - all caused by poor planning and allowing China and Asia to dictate the agenda. This could get very messy! Vote Trump.
....after 18 long years. Syria was loaded with ISIS until I came along. We will soon have destroyed 100% of the Caliphate but will be watching them closely. It is now time to start coming home and after many years spending our money wisely. Certain people must get smart!
Our spectacular ballroom under construction at the great Turnberry resort in Scotland. 
I am more concerned about Biden in the debate than I am about Obama. Be careful on Thursday night!
Wind energy is a complete economic disaster….  @AlexSalmond @AberdeenCC @David_Cameron @Aberdeenshire @ScotParl
Will be on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M.

.@mcuban  Mark—nice picture thanks for the invite to the Mavs/Nets game. Next time I’ll go and you’ll win!
I missed the PGA Championship because it was not broadcast by TimeWarner @TWC. Why aren’t they giving subscribers major discounts?
.@DennisRodman must be thinking of North Korea. #CelebApprentice
The big story that the Fake News Media refuses to report is lowlife Christopher Steele’s many meetings with Deputy A.G. Bruce Ohr and his beautiful wife Nelly. It was Fusion GPS that hired Steele to write the phony &amp; discredited Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary &amp; the DNC....
We allow Japan to sell us millions of cars with zero import tax and we can't make a trade deal with them - our country is in big trouble!
Whether @RepPaulRyan's plan is sound fiscal policy is not the relevant issue the issue is strategic timing. Why release it now?
Good luck to Mike Pompeo during his Confirmation Hearing today. He will be a great Secretary of State!
Thank you @CharlesHurt for  the nice words on @seanhannity. I will win and Make America Great Again!
.@morning_joe - Wow - "Ticket sales go through the roof after Trump asked to speak at CPAC"
Direct view of crane from apartment window. Crane was never properly secured blowing in the breeze. 
I would like to thank Reince Priebus for his service and dedication to his country. We accomplished a lot together and I am proud of him!
John Kerry had illegal meetings with the very hostile Iranian Regime which can only serve to undercut our great work to the detriment of the American people. He told them to wait out the Trump Administration! Was he registered under the Foreign Agents Registration Act? BAD!
I WILL BE ON @foxandfriends  AT 7:30 -NOW!
Martha McSally running in the Arizona Primary for U.S. Senate was endorsed by rejected Senator Jeff Flake....and turned it down - a first! Now Martha a great U.S. Military fighter jet pilot and highly respected member of Congress WINS BIG. Congratulations and on to November!
With the complete Ft. Lauderdale victory I will now sue for millions of $’s in attorney fees for which plaintiffs are liable.
The failed Fast Train project in California were the cost overruns are becoming world record setting is hundreds of times more expensive than the desperately needed Wall!
Crazy Bernie and the Democrats should see this. I have done far more for the African American community than any President. Secured funding for HBCUs Criminal Justice Reform Opportunity Zones School Choice Record Low Unemployment and so much more. THE BEST IS YET TO COME! 
Kevin Garnett's response to Ray Allen last night was that of a great competitor--nothing wrong--in fact it was terrific. A champion!
Great solidarity for our National Anthem and for our Country. Standing with locked arms is good kneeling is not acceptable. Bad ratings!
Do not go where the path may lead go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Thank you Hawaii! #Trump2016
The U.S. has been talking to North Korea and paying them extortion money for 25 years. Talking is not the answer!
Entrepreneurs: Paying attention can be a cost effective way of protecting yourself.
The @WSJ Editorial Board is so wrong so often. They got info from an incorrect story in another pub. Why not watch and listen to debate.
Iraq is far worse and of more danger to the U.S. now than it ever was under Saddam Hussein - and this after $2 trillion and so many lives!
WE LOVE YOU LAS VEGAS! 
Great meeting with @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell and Republican leaders in D.C. #Trump2016 
Hillary Lies to Benghazi Families#CrookedHillary 
So many in the African-American community are doing so badly poverty and crime way up employment and jobs way down: I will fix it promise
.@BretBaier   Why do you have George Will on your show - he's exhausted boring and not even a little relevant! Waste of good air-time!
I never fall for scams.  I am the only person who immediately walked out of my ‘Ali G’ interview
Sen.Richard Blumenthal who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he had (major lie)now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him?
Thank you Pennsylvania. This is a MOVEMENT like we have never seen before! #VoteTrumpPence16 on 11/8/16- together… 
Today it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Erna Solberg of Norway to the @WhiteHouse - a great friend and ally of the United States! Joint press conference:  
I have had the pleasure of getting to know @AnnDRomney &amp; @MittRomney this past year. They love America. Let's push them over the top today.
....@FoxNews  @BillHemmer  The public is watching and seeing for themselves how unfair this process is. Corrupt politicians Pelosi and Schiff are trying to take down the Republican Party. It will never happen we will take back the House!
Huma should dump the sicko Weiner.  He is a calamity that is bringing her down with him.
If Jon Stewart is so above it all &amp; legit why did he change his name from Jonathan Leibowitz? He should be proud of his heritage!
A ship is only as good as the people who serve on it — and the AMERICAN SAILOR is the BEST in the world. @USNavy #USSGeraldRFord 
Close race in Kansas! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton Tops Middle East Forum’s ‘Islamist Money List'
...people are now starting to recognize the amazing work that has been done by FEMA and our great Military. All buildings now inspected.....
All levels of government and Law Enforcement are watching carefully for VOTER FRAUD including during EARLY VOTING. Cheat at your own peril. Violators will be subject to maximum penalties both civil and criminal!
So amazing! 

How did NBC get "an exclusive look into the top secret report he (Obama) was presented?" Who gave them this report and why? Politics!
Destroying the world's finest health-care system so that @BarackObama can have his socialized medicine program (cont)  19:15:08,66,7,false,166963219175448577Twitter Web Client,I believe @BarackObama is manipulating the jobless numbers  19:04:41,113,16,false,166960590999396352TwitLonger Beta,Tune in tonight at 1 AM EST to the QVC network to watch Melania Trump debut her first 2012 Melania Timepieces & (cont) 
The Truth About Impeachment@SteveHiltonx @NextRevFNC 
Leaving now for Texas!
I've learned that mistakes can often be as good a teacher as success. --Jack Welch
After having written many best selling books and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write it should be noted that the Fake News constantly likes to pore over my tweets looking for a mistake. I capitalize certain words only for emphasis not b/c they should be capitalized!
Thank you to the incredible Law Enforcement Officers from the Palm Beach County Sheriff’s Office. They keep us safe and are very cool about it! 
Best Apprentice episode EVER tonight at 8:00.
...a tool of anti-Trump political actors. This is unacceptable in a democracy and ought to alarm anyone who wants the FBI to be a nonpartisan enforcer of the law....The FBI wasn’t straight with Congress as it hid most of these facts from investigators.” Wall Street Journal
Terrific response to my previous tweet: "I’ll be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept 14th at 6 PM."  …
Did @BarackObama try to bribe Rev. Wright with $150K?   I am sure the media will be all over this.
Great win in Kansas last night for Ron Estes easily winning the Congressional race against the Dems who spent heavily &amp; predicted victory!
“Trump the orator outlines the greatness of America to Democrats’ disgust” 
#ThrowbackThursday🇺🇸 
“Face reality as it is not as it was or as you wish it to be.” - @jack_welch
Crooked Hillary promised 200k jobs in NY and FAILED. We'll create 25M jobs when I'm president and I will DELIVER! 
Thank you to the House Republicans for sticking together and the BIG WIN today on the Border. Today’s vote simply reaffirms Congressional Democrats are the party of Open Borders Drugs and Crime!
Hillary Clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past. She is totally confused. Unfit to serve as #POTUS.
For many years China (and many other countries) has been taking advantage of the United States on Trade Intellectual Property Theft and much more. Our Country has been losing HUNDREDS OF BILLIONS OF DOLLARS a year to China with no end in sight....
We must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place.
.....call the FBI about these calls and meetings? How ridiculous! I would never be trusted again. With that being said my full answer is rarely played by the Fake News Media. They purposely leave out the part that matters.
Glad to hear that @RobinRoberts is doing well. She is a terrific person.
Thank you Henderson NV. This is a MOVEMENT like never seen before! Watch some of the rally via my Facebook page:… 
Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems &amp; Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered
Great analysis by @foxandfriends!
“Offshore wind is a dead duck in Scotland and it’s time Alex Salmond manned up stopped blaming Westminster (cont) 
The ABC/Washington Post Poll even though almost 40% is not bad at this time was just about the most inaccurate poll around election time!
.@WendyWilliams Thanks for the nice statement especially about my wife and kids- very much appreciated.
Now China is threatening our allies who share defense pacts with us the latest is the Philippines    Very aggressive
Axl Rose should take his #rockhall2012 honors and be happy. Stop the no induction nonsense. Do it for your fans @axlrose.
Via @WashTimes By Eugene Dunn: “Trump could lead U.S. forward” 
Change has to come from outside our very broken system. #MAGA 
I look very much forward to meeting Prime Minister Theresa May in Washington in the Spring. Britain a longtime U.S. ally is very special!
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more.  Get YOURS today! 
.@MikeDeWine will be a great Governor for the People of Ohio. He is an outstanding man who loves his State – and always produces big....
As I anticipated Justice Roberts made the cover of Time Magazine etc. The liberal media now loves him-- he should be ashamed.
'Trump Helps Lift Small Business Confidence to 12-Yr. High' 
“In the end you’re measured not by how much you undertake but what you finally accomplish." - The Art of the Deal
Far from it! 
WOW! Sleepy Joe doesn’t know where he is or what he’s doing. Honestly I don’t think he even knows what office he's running for! 
Just as I predicted while Obama lifted sanctions 18 months ago Iran cheated &amp; increased its nuclear fuel by 20%. We must DOUBLE sanctions!
.@RepKevinBrady (R) of Texas-08 loves Texas &amp; our Country. He has been a GREAT Congressman &amp; supporter of #MAGA. Strong on Crime Border Military Vets and your 2A he is the best Tax Cutter in D.C. Kevin has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement. Vote on March 3rd. Thank you!
Thank you @LuisRiveraMarin! 
Throughout my travels I've had the pleasure of sharing the good news from America. I've had the honor of sharing our vision for a free &amp; open Indo-Pacific -- a place where sovereign &amp; independent nations w/diverse cultures &amp; many different dreams can all prosper side-by-side. 
If President Obama was going to attack Syria he should’ve done it a long time ago as a surprise &amp; not after (cont) 
When do we sue the company-- for billions-- that robbed us in creating the hapless ObamaCare website?
I have many great people but also an amazing number of haters and losers responding to my tweets-why do these lowlifes follow-nothing to do!
Many people are saying that the Mainstream Media will have a very hard time restoring credibility because of the way they have treated me over the past 3 years (including the election lead-up) as highlighted by the disgraceful Buzzfeed story &amp; the even more disgraceful coverage!

.@BarackObama has completely failed the American people. U.S. annual incomes have fallen over 5% during his term  
Why has Obama let China and others take our jobs?
Congratulations @Toyota! BIG NEWS for U.S. Auto Workers! The USMCA is already fixing the broken NAFTA deal. 
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Makes a great holiday gift. Order yours now!   … …
....invited Megan or the team but I am now inviting the TEAM win or lose. Megan should never disrespect our Country the White House or our Flag especially since so much has been done for her &amp; the team. Be proud of the Flag that you wear. The USA is doing GREAT!
By @kwrcrow: “NY Post caught 'LYING' Again!”  … "The Donald” should go far." Actually if I run I'll win.
The end result of the greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. political history is No Collusion with Russia (and No Obstruction). Pretty Amazing!
Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays &amp; refuses to speak out against Radical Islam.
We need a dealmaker in the White House who knows how to think innovatively and make smart deals. #TimeToGetTough.
....Trump Economics. With President Trump Tariffs are bringing companies back to the USA like he said they would! @SteveHiltonx
....USA has gained Trillions of Dollars in wealth since November 2016. All others way down. Our power is Economic before having to use our newly rebuilt Military a much better alternative. Oil is secured. Our soldiers have left and are leaving Syria for other places then....
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. It never ends (hopefully)!
Just landed in New Hampshire. Will be at the venue shortly. #FITN
On International Women’s Day we honor women worldwide for their vital role in shaping and strengthening our communities families governments and businesses...
THANK YOU FRANCE🇺🇸🇫🇷#G7Biarritz 
So Great! 
I will be interviewed on @greta tonight at 7pm. Enjoy! 
“I think the Democrats are going to lose many members over this.” @DebbieLesko @edhenry
Crude has skyrocketed since @BarackObama delayed the Keystone Pipeline. Not only are 20000 jobs gone but family budgets are tightening.
Trump National Golf Club Bedminster New Jersey has courses designed by Tom Fazio &amp; 16 acres of practice facilities. 
Our new Trade Deal with Mexico focuses on FARMERS GROWTH for our country tearing down TRADE BARRIERS JOBS and having companies continue to POUR BACK INTO OUR COUNTRY. It will be a big hit!
Obama has no problem leaking national security secrets.  Why can't he release his records?  Especially when $5M is going to charity.
.@JohnLegere  T-Mobile service is terrible! Why can't you do something to improve it for your customers. I don't want it in my buildings.
What the Democrats have done in trying to steal a Presidential Election first at the “ballot box” and then after that failed with the “Insurance Policy” is the biggest Scandal in the history of our Country!
Beautiful evening at a #MAGARally with great American Patriots. Loyal citizens like you helped build this Country and together we are taking back this Country – returning power to YOU the AMERICAN PEOPLE. Get out and   
....Trade Agreement.” @business @ChuckGrassley @joniernst  @debfisher @BenSasse Making great progress for our Farmers. Approved E-15 year round. Big additional list to be submitted and approved within two weeks. Will be even better for Ethanol and we save our small refineries!
.....was very good and highly professional to deal with - and if for any reason I didn’t like them I would have gone elsewhere....there was always plenty of money around and banks to choose from. They would be very happy to take my money. Fake News!
REGISTER TO VOTE!  
My @SteveDeaceShow interview discussing Ebola Obama’s incompetence &amp; my trip to Iowa for  @SteveKingIA on Sat.  
“Secretary Mattis Nukes Woodward Allegations” 
I will be releasing the transcript of the first and therefore more important phone call with the Ukrainian President before week’s end!
Listen and learn from others but make your own decisions. Use your instincts--you alone know where you want to go.
Totally dishonest Donna Brazile chokes on the truth. Highly illegal! Watch:  
Entrepreneurs: Review your work habits and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Don't become complacent!
NPR's @NealConan said "schlonged" to WaPo re: 1984 Mondale/Ferraro campaign: "That ticket went on to get schlonged at the polls." #Hypocrisy
...to ripoff the USA even bigger and better than ever before. The problem with them waiting however is that if &amp; when I win the deal that they get will be much tougher than what we are negotiating now...or no deal at all. We have all the cards our past leaders never got it!
....and more control over Iraq and the people of Iraq are not happy with that. It will never end well!
The first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy! So true. @foxandfriends
All these polls released by news outlets are oversampling Democrats. They want to influence public perception of the race.
The legendary @BarbaraJWalters interviews my family and me tonight at 10:00 on @ABC2020 . Don't miss it! 
Lyin' Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G.Q. shoot in his ad. Be careful Lyin' Ted or I will spill the beans on your wife!
This is not about the ridiculous Green New Deal. It is about putting our great workers and companies BACK TO WORK!
Thank you! 
....We can’t have a system where we run our entire economy for the benefit of other countries which have long charged us big tariffs. Don’t keep ducking the reality. The U.S. has been subject to Tariff Terrorism for 50 years. But a real deal can be done.” Sam Zell @JoeSquawk
Facebook billionaire gives up his U.S. citizenship in order to save taxes. I guess 3.8 billion isn't enough for (cont) 
“Always remember that the future comes one day at a time.” - Dean Acheson
Do you really believe our once great country can continue to survive with incompetent leadership. The answer is no and we better move fast!
.@redcross CEO’s salary in 2011 was $951957. Where is the outrage?
The lightweight @JonHuntsman used my name in a debate for gravitas--it didn't work. Sad!
.@foxandfriends "Russia sent millions to Clinton Foundation"
My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the Southeastern United States. Stay safe!
Our not very bright Vice President Joe Biden just stated that I wanted to "carpet bomb" the enemy. Sorry Joe that was Ted Cruz!
Why doesn't President Obama simply apologize for telling a big fat lie announce that ObamaCare was a mistake and deal a really great plan!
Focus on your goals not your problems. Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Today we are going to win the great state of MICHIGAN and we are going to WIN back the White House! Thank you MI!… 
So many signs that the Florida shooter was mentally disturbed even expelled from school for bad and erratic behavior. Neighbors and classmates knew he was a big problem. Must always report such instances to authorities again and again!
Nancy Pelosi will go down as the least productive Speaker of the House in history. She is dominated by AOC Plus 3 and the Radical Left. Mexico and Canada after waiting for 6 months to be approved are ready to flee - and who can blame them? Too bad!
Fact – the tighter the gun laws the more violence. The criminals will always have guns.
Entrepreneurs: Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. Make your work count.
2011 #CelebrityApprentice winner @JohnRich and @MarleeMatlin interviewed the final four in this week's episode- 
I'm proud to accept the 2010 HollyRod Foundation Humanitarian Award from Holly Robinson Peete who raised $700000 on Celebrity Apprentice
Howard Schultz doesn’t have the “guts” to run for President! Watched him on @60Minutes last night and I agree with him that he is not the “smartest person.” Besides America already has that! I only hope that Starbucks is still paying me their rent in Trump Tower!
Great seeing @TheLeeGreenwood  and Kimberly at this evenings VP dinner! #GodBlessTheUSA 
Trump Int’l Palm Beach offers a spectacular course with hill vistas bunkers and incredible water features. 
I would do same thing if I were China.  They want Obama. 
“Bruce Ohr of DOJ is in legal jeopardy it’s astonishing that he’s still employed. Bruce &amp; Nelly Ohr’s bank account is getting fatter &amp; fatter because of the Dossier that they are both peddling. He doesn’t disclose it under Fed Regs. Using your Federal office for personal.......
Happy belated birthday to Chris Wallace! Chris does a great job every week on @FoxNewsSunday. Like father like son.
The last thing we need in Alabama and the U.S. Senate is a Schumer/Pelosi puppet who is WEAK on Crime WEAK on the Border Bad for our Military and our great Vets Bad for our 2nd Amendment AND WANTS TO RAISES TAXES TO THE SKY. Jones would be a disaster!
I'll be playing golf tomorrow in Palm Beach at the number one rated golf course in the State of Florida Trump International Golf Club.

I will be on with @BretBaier tonight at 6PM. #Trump2016
Always make a total effort even when the odds are against you. -- Arnold Palmer @KingdomMag
The Real Deal! 
Attorney General Bill Shuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan. I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help!
Good news about the release of the American hostage from Venezuela. Should be landing in D.C. this evening and be in the White House with his family at about 7:00 P.M. The great people of Utah will be very happy!
Republicans must get out today and VOTE in Georgia 6. Force runoff and easy win! Dem Ossoff will raise your taxes-very bad on crime &amp; 2nd A.
The United States cannot &amp; will not become such a difficult place to deal with in terms of foreign countries buying our product including for the always used National Security excuse that our companies will be forced to leave in order to remain competitive. We want to sell...
So sad that the Department of “Justice” and the FBI are slow walking or even not giving the unredacted documents requested by Congress. An embarrassment to our country!
Big day at the United Nations - many good things and some tricky ones happening. We have a great team. Big speech at 10:00 A.M.
Thank you very much working hard! 
There is nothing we can ever give to the Democrats that will make them happy. This is the highest level of Presidential Harassment in the history of our Country!
Would be very SMART if Mexico would stop the Caravans long before they get to our Southern Border or if originating countries would not let them form (it is a way they get certain people out of their country and dump in U.S. No longer). Dems created this problem. No crossings!
“President Trump's approval rate among likely U.S. voters hit 50 percent on Monday which puts him higher than former President Barack Obama's score at the same point into his first term according to a new poll.” Via: @Anna_Giaritelli @DCExaminer 
#AmericaFIRST #MAGA🇺🇸 
STATEMENT IN RESPONSE TO PRESIDENT OBAMA'S FAILED LEADERSHIP: 
While Putin is scheming and beaming on how to take over the World President Obama is watching March Madness (basketball)!
Rosie O'Donnell just said she felt "shame" at being fat-not politically correct! She killed Star Jones for weight loss surgery just had it!
Hillary is too weak to lead on border security-no solutions no ideas no credibility.She supported NAFTA worst deal in US history. #Debate
The jury was not told the killer of Kate was a 7 time felon. The Schumer/Pelosi Democrats are so weak on Crime that they will pay a big price in the 2018 and 2020 Elections.
I want to thank all of our Great Government officials on the CoronaVirus Task Force who are working around the clock in response to the CoronaVirus. Continue to check  for updates and follow all recommendations that are available....
It is time for the airline pilots flight attendants and the airlines themselves to stop flights to and from West Africa. Do it right now!
Thank you Maine New Hampshire and Iowa. The waiting is OVER! The time for change is NOW! We are going to… 
“You may have to try a lot of things to get just one thing to work. That’s tenacity and it’s critical to success.” – Trump Never Give Up
Thank you North Carolina! #Trump2016 #SuperTuesday  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
'Jeff Sessions a Fitting Selection for Attorney General'
Low Ratings Fake News MSDNC (Comcast) &amp; @CNN are doing everything possible to make the Caronavirus look as bad as possible including panicking markets if possible. Likewise their incompetent Do Nothing Democrat comrades are all talk no action. USA in great shape! @CDCgov.....
Wow the highest rated (by far) morning show @foxandfriends is on the Front Lawn of the White House. Maybe I’ll have to take an unannounced trip down to see them?
NoKo has interpreted America's past restraint as weakness. This would be a fatal miscalculation. Do not underestimate us. AND DO NOT TRY US. 
Sad.@BarackObama has already exempted major oil importers on Iranian sanctions and is negotiating a waiver with China.
Join me in Cincinnati Ohio tomorrow evening at 7:00pm. I am grateful for all of your support. THANK YOU!Tickets:… 
8 FACTS that #FakeNewsCNN will ignore in tonight’s “Climate Forum”
Good luck to my new friends on your testimony in DC. You are amazing people doing something so important--- stopping illegal immigration!
I'm sick of always reading about outsourcing. Why aren't we talking about 'onshoring' or 'insourcing?' We need (cont)  19:04:52,206,59,false,195589276732370944Twitter Web Client,I have never been a fan of John Edwards but it is time for the gov't to focus on more important things. @johnedwards,04-26-2012 18:46:06,47,9,false,195584554290003969Twitter Web Client,I wonder why @BarackObama is now spending $8B to postpone Obamacare's Medicare Cuts until after the election?  17:35:50,219,15,false,195566874413641728Twitter Web Client,Standing on what will be the greatest golf course in the world. Opens July 10th.  16:07:04,42,6,false,195544532018925568Twitter Web Client,The economy is expected to slow down once again at the end of the year  The price of gas has to be lowered.,04-26-2012 15:14:22,130,12,false,195531271626174464Twitter Web Client,Still a buyer's market. Residential home sales fall 7.1% in March.   Now is the time to buy property.,04-26-2012 14:38:49,132,11,false,195522323875512320Twitter Web Client,He @BarackObama believes that the War on Terror is over   Who does he think won?,04-26-2012 14:18:53,111,12,false,195517308708466688Twitter Web Client,Congratulations to @MittRomney on Tuesday night's sweep. He also delivered a 'Killer Speech'   13:42:41,81,12,false,195508197300240384TwitLonger Beta,Right now we are running a massive $300 billion trade deficit with China. That means every year. China is (cont) 
Ellen was so awkward and insecure last night. The pizza skit was terrible. She should dump Andy Lassner a guy with no absolutely no talent!
Fantastic evening in Florida with great PATRIOTS at a beautiful #MAGARally. Get out and  so we can continue MAKING AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!  
The President’s speech tonight will largely focus on class warfare. The Republicans don’t know how to handle that—I do.
Almost everyone agrees that my Administration has done more in less than two years than any other Administration in the history of our Country. I’m tough as hell on people &amp; if I weren’t nothing would get done. Also I question everybody &amp; everything-which is why I got elected!
The Russia Witch Hunt is rapidly losing credibility. House Intelligence Committee found No Collusion Coordination or anything else with Russia. So now the Probe says OK what else is there? How about Obstruction for a made up phony crime.There is no O it’s called Fighting Back
Congressman Van Drew (D-NJ): We’ve spent millions of Dollars in my opinion tons of money tons of time tons of hurt fracturing the Nation apart. I haven’t seen this to be a good thing.”
The media tries so hard to make my move to the White House as it pertains to my business so complex - when actually it isn't!
Just out: The big deal very mysterious Don jr telephone calls after the innocent Trump Tower meeting that the media &amp; Dems said were made to his father (me) were just conclusively found NOT to be made to me. They were made to friends &amp; business associates of Don. Really sad!
Via @ BreitbartNews by @BobPriceBBTX: “DONALD TRUMP HEADING TO TEXAS BORDER” 
Isn't it intetesting that anybody who attacks President Obama is considered a racist by the real racists out there!
Putin has become a big hero in Russia with an all time high popularity. Obama on the other hand has fallen to his lowest ever numbers. SAD
Boycott @Macys and @Univision. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Playef golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and @TheBig_Easy Ernie Els and had a great time. Japan is very well represented!
Thank you Springfield Ohio. Get out and #VoteTrumpPence16!#ICYMI - watch here:  
As China is building an air and naval force @BarackObama is cutting ours.    He is weakening our national security.
They don't like Rubio in Florida- he left them high &amp; dry. Doesn't even show up for votes!
Congresswoman Kay @GrangerCampaign has worked hard for Texas and been a strong supporter of our #MAGA Agenda. She’s strong on #2A and Securing our Border and is 100% pro-life. Kay has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Thank you - Farmington New Hampshire! #FITN #Trump2016 
Congratulations Eric &amp; Lara. Very proud and happy for the two of you! 
I have watched sloppy Graydon Carter fail and close Spy Magazine and now am watching him fail at @VanityFair Magazine. He is a total loser!
#CrookedHillary is not fit to be our next president! #TrumpPence16 
Total fool @KarlRove is part of the Republican Establishment problem. An all talk no action dummy!   
Today I authorized the lowering of the flags to half-staff at all Federal Government buildings in honor of the victims of the tragedies in El Paso Texas and Dayton Ohio....
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 30 minutes. Some very interesting topics.
Very surprised that China would be doing this? 
....Ever since Andrew came to my office to ask that I appoint him to the U.S. Supreme Court and I said NO he has been very hostile! Also asked for pardon for his friend. A good “pal” of low ratings Shepard Smith.
True. A wonderful meeting! 
I am pleased to announce that Congressman Mark Meadows will become White House Chief of Staff. I have long known and worked with Mark and the relationship is a very good one....
The Fake News Media hates when I use what has turned out to be my very powerful Social Media - over 100 million people! I can go around them
Congratulations to Tom Brady on yet another great victory- Tom is my friend and a total winner!
Just bought the Kluge Estate in Charlottesville Virginia (don't worry only business). See Washington Post 
Did you hear the latest con job? President Obama is now trying to take credit for the Economic Boom taking place under the Trump Administration. He had the WEAKEST recovery since the Great Depression despite Zero Fed Rate &amp; MASSIVE quantitative easing. NOW best jobs numbers....
'Trump is right about violent crime: It’s on the rise in major cities'
Trump Turnberry news conference tomorrow at noon  Scotland time. The place is amazing!
Via @DMRegister by @SharynJackson: “Trump: @SteveKingIA has 'the right views'" 
Just returned from Pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs. Amazing crowd. Will be going back tomorrow to Gettysburg!
The Wall Street Journal story on the China Deal is completely wrong especially their statement on Tariffs. Fake News. They should find a better leaker!
Other good polls also in fifties despite only Fake News and then phony polls by A.P. CNN NBC and as always Fox who were WAY OFF on 2016 Election! 
DOW S&amp;P 500 and NASDAQ close at record highs! #MAGA 
Anytime you hear a Democrat saying that you can have good Boarder Security without a Wall write them off as just another politician following the party line. Time for us to save billions of dollars a year and have at the same time far greater safety and control!
“Mueller was asked whether or not the investigation was impeded in any way and he said no.” In other words there was NO OBSTRUCTION. @KatiePavlich @FoxNews
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Will be in Alabama tonight. Luther Strange has gained mightily since my endorsement but will be very close. He loves Alabama and so do I!
Entrepreneurs:  Look at the solution not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Such a big victory of our Country! “Supreme Court approves Trump Administration plan to use Military Funds for the Wall.” @FoxNews  We will be fully reimbursed for this expenditure over time by other countries.
Who is rooting for Obama more tonight--his campaign advisors or the press?
Senator Landrieu If you are a Senator representing Louisiana then you SHOULD own a home in the state. Send @BillCassidy to the Senate!
...This Bill HELPS students get the student aid they need to go to college! STOP the headaches and STOP the PAPERWORK barriers to HIGHER EDUCATION! Congrats to Lamar!
The protesters blocked a major highway yesterday delaying entry to my RALLY in Arizona by hours and the media blames my supporters!
A great honor to receive polling numbers like these. Record setting African American (25%) &amp; Hispanic numbers (31%). 
“What is happening to President Trump with Impeachment is a Constitutional Travesty.” @GrahamLedger  The likes of which we have never seen before. It is Adam Schiff and Nancy Pelosi who should be impeached for fraud!
Make the Boston killer talk before our doctors make him better. Once he is well he will say "speak to my lawyers."
....When Mitt chose Paul I told people that’s the end of that Presidential run. He quit Congress because he didn’t know how to Win. They gave me standing O’s in the Great State of Wisconsin &amp; booed him off the stage. He promised me the Wall &amp; failed (happening anyway!)......
Thank you @USNavy! #USA 
Another big Caravan heading our way. Very hard to stop without a Wall!
It's 10 AM: Two hours to go for Obama to easily pick up millions for charity!
Trump Doral’s renovations are right on schedule  Once completed it will be the top resort in the U.S.
“What America Needs: The Case for Trump” Great new book by the esteemed Jeffrey Lord @JeffJlpa1 Available now. 
A great new book just out “The Plot Against the President. The True Story Of How Congressman Devin Nunez Uncovered the Biggest Political Scandal In U.S. History.” Shows very bad and corrupt people on the other side. Check it out!
Tell Saudi Arabia and others that we want (demand!) free oil for the next ten years or we will not protect their private Boeing 747s.Pay up!
The American dream is back. We’re going to create an environment for small business like we haven’t had in many ma… 
Record cold temperatures in July - 20 to 30 degrees colder than normal. What the hell happened to GLOBAL WARMING?
The migrant ‘caravan’ that is openly defying our border shows how weak &amp; ineffective U.S. immigration laws are. Yet Democrats like Jon Tester continue to support the open borders agenda – Tester even voted to protect Sanctuary Cities. We need lawmakers who will put America First.
.@ZachJohnsonPGA  You're one of the truly great competitiors. I’ve said it for years. Great going winning @OpenChampionship - Not surprised!
Big news—WOW—U.S. economy shrinks!
Via @Reuters_Biz "Trump flies into ex-Soviet Georgia for tower project project" 
My @CNN interview with @wolfblitzercnn where I discuss @BarackObama's 'birth certificate' and why @CNN has low ratings 
Wow did great in the debate polls (except for @CNN - which I don't watch). Thank you!
Yesterday Border Patrol agents apprehended the largest group of illegal aliens ever: 1036 people who illegally crossed the border in El Paso around 4am. Democrats need to stand by our incredible Border Patrol and finally fix the loopholes at our Border! 
Treat yourself to the pinnacle of luxury public golf at @TrumpGolfLA’s white sand $250M premiere course 
Many Republicans support TPP. They are stupid. We have stupid Republicans too. We need to keep jobs here! - my @SRQRepublicans speech
Today I opened a major Apple Manufacturing plant in Texas that will bring high paying jobs back to America. Today Nancy Pelosi closed Congress because she doesn’t care about American Workers!
Watch #MissUSA 2012 live tonight on @NBC at 9PM EST!
We are doing very precise Medical Screenings at our airports. Pardon the interruptions and delays we are moving as quickly as possible but it is very important that we be vigilant and careful. We must get it right. Safety first!
Via @WalidShoebat: “Watch Donald Trump: He Is Patriotic And He Can Fix America” 
Buy American &amp; hire American are the principals at the core of my agenda which is: JOBS JOBS JOBS! Thank you @exxonmobil.
#DrainTheSwamp!
I am returning to the Pensacola Bay Center in Florida- Friday 9/9/16 at 7pm. Join me!  
Hillary Clinton's Campaign Continues To Make False Claims About Foundation Disclosure: 
The terrorists cut off the heads of Americans and laugh then want to sell us the bodies for $1000000. We fight over sleep deprivation!
Democrats are trying to undo the Election regardless of FACTS! 
Clinton camp fumed when surrogate told supporters Clinton planned to betray labor on TPP post-election: 
.@ApprenticeNBC  Season 13 still #1 at 10PM in all key demos despite having to serve as our own lead in from 9-10. 11PM News loves Trump!
Look forward to going to Indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of Carrier. They will sell many air conditioners!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
....are all in for the Open Border Socialists (or beyond). Fox hires “give Hillary the questions” @donnabrazile Juan Williams and low ratings Shep Smith. HOPELESS &amp; CLUELESS! They should go all the way LEFT and I will still find a way to Win - That’s what I do Win. Too Bad!....
We are taking care of hundreds of people in the Trump Tower atrium--they are seeking refuge. Free coffee and food.
Piers truly hates Omarosa!
There is great unity in my campaign perhaps greater than ever before. I want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. Beat Crooked H!
On Fifth Avenue the iconic @TrumpTowerNY is one of NYC's most heavily visited tourist attractions 
Thank you to @MarthaRaddatz and @TerryMoran for a job well done! 
“You have to have a good reason for doing what you’re doing because people connect with the why.” – Midas Touch
Here are my thoughts on last night's episode of The Celebrity Apprentice... 
The lobbyist and political hack that President Obama just appointed as the "Ebola Czar" just missed his first major meeting on Ebola-A joke
Hurricane Florence is looking even bigger than anticipated. It will be arriving soon. FEMA First Responders and Law Enforcement are supplied and ready. Be safe!
Be sure to watch my wonderful wife Melania Trump tonight on @QVC at 1AM EST
He @BarackObama is using the IRS to sabotage the Tea Party  What about the Occupy Wall Street groups?
Thank you to all of the American workers who travelled here today! This event is dedicated to YOU: the hardworking Americans who make this nation run. You love your country you provide for your family you have PRIDE in your work and you cherish our GREAT AMERICAN FLAG! #TaxCuts 
Honored to sign S.442 today. With this legislation we support @NASA's scientists engineers and astronauts in the… 
Just announced that in the history of @CNN last night’s debate was its highest rated ever. Will they send me flowers &amp; a thank you note?
Take responsibility for yourself--it's a very empowering attitude.
#trumpvlog Why I cancelled the "great debate"..... 
The failing @politico news outlet which I hear is losing lots of money is really dishonest!
Stupid George Will gave @MittRomney no chance 3 months ago. Take off his little spectacles and he's just another dummy.
Home of the iconic Ailsa a four time @The_Open course @TrumpTurnberry is a landmark on the Ayrshire coastline 
...opinion they’re Americans. Now I’m entitled to my opinion &amp; I just think they’re left wing cranks. They’re the reason there are directions on a shampoo bottle &amp; we should ignore them. The “squad” has moved the Democrat Party substantially LEFT and.....
That is the real story! 
CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton.
Where's the transparency? Despite Obama's denial @sfchronicle stands by report he just talked with Jeremiah Wright.
Congratulations to @TrumpNewYork and @TrumpToronto for the @WSJ coverage on perks in luxury hotels: 
Here I am with Whitney Houston at a party at Mar-a-Lago. 
“Get in. Get it done. Get it done right. Get out.” – Fred C. Trump (My father!)
Isn’t it a shame that someone can write an article or book totally make up stories and form a picture of a person that is literally the exact opposite of the fact and get away with it without retribution or cost. Don’t know why Washington politicians don’t change libel laws?
“Democrats would rather talk about gun control than get something done.” Governor John Sununu @FoxNews @BillHemmer The big questions are will they “move the goalposts” and is this just a ploy to TAKE YOUR GUNS AWAY? I hope NOT on both counts but I’ll be able to figure it out!
It's late in July and it is really cold outside in New York. Where the hell is GLOBAL WARMING??? We need some fast!  It's now CLIMATE CHANGE
Best of luck to @chucktodd on his @meetthepress debut this Sunday.
Because Jobs in the U.S. are doing so well Americans receiving unemployment aid is the lowest since 1973. Great!

Asians are very offended that JEB said that anchor babies applies to them as a way to be more politically correct to hispanics. A mess!
How many more of our soldiers have to be shot by the Afghanis they are training? Let's get the hell out of there and focus on U.S.
The Florida Election should be called in favor of Rick Scott and Ron DeSantis in that large numbers of new ballots showed up out of nowhere and many ballots are missing or forged. An honest vote count is no longer possible-ballots massively infected. Must go with Election Night!
Baltimore just set a record for the coldest day in March in a long recorded history - 4 degrees. Other places likewise. Global warming con!
“Impeachment is a terrible idea for the Country. The more people learn about impeachment the less people want impeachment.” @TuckerCarlson
Why did the failing @nytimes refuse to use any of the names given to them that I was so proud to have helped with their careers. DISHONEST!
China's domestic economic and political problems prove how pathetic our leadership is in allowing China to rip us off 
Via @BloombergNews by Peter Millard: "Trump Helps Rio Builders After Olympics: Corporate Brazil" 
Going to a Cabinet Meeting (tele-conference) at 11:00 A.M. on #Harvey. Even experts have said they've never seen one like this!
Isn't it sad the way Putin is toying with Obama regarding Snowden. We look weak and pathetic. Could not happen with.a strong leader!
“If it doesn't sell it isn't creative.” - David Ogilvy
The biggest thrill in the world is entertaining the public there is no bigger thrill than that. --Vince McMahon @WWE
Thanks @LilJon for coming to my defense in Rolling Stone Magazine. As I have often said you are a terrific guy!
Great interview tonight @donlemon - very professionally done. @CNN
All Republicans support people with pre-existing conditions and if they don’t they will after I speak to them. I am in total support. Also Democrats will destroy your Medicare and I will keep it healthy and well!
Put Kathleen Sebelius out of her misery and lovingly say YOU'RE FIRED! Let her go home to her family and rest. BRING IN TOP FLIGHT PEOPLE!
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing today's primary contests @MittRomney's lead and my stock picks 
The RNC which is probably not on my side just illegally put out a fundraising notice saying Trump wants you to contribute to the RNC.
#NeverForget #September11th 
Saudis just cut oil supplymaking prices rise “immediately” while we are fighting ISIS for them  What are we doing!
Greatly dishonest of @TedCruz to file a financial disclosure form &amp; not list his lending banks- then pretend he is going to clean up Wall St
I want to thank Elizabeth Steve Brian and all of the great folks of @foxandfriends for the long and successful run we had together. NICE!
Wow record setting cold temperatures throughout large parts of the country. Must be global warming I mean climate change!
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.--  Ralph Waldo Emerson
I'm going to the BORDER tomorrow. Will be seeing some really brave people. Look forward to a big day!
I will be interviewed on @60Minutes tonight after the NFL game - 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!
....looking to inflict pain and embarrassment to one of the most highly renowned jurists to ever appear before Congress. So sad to see!
Thank you Mississippi - I love you! 
I had a great time today visiting Facebook NY. 
Everybody agrees that ObamaCare doesn’t work. Premiums &amp; deductibles are far too high - Really bad HealthCare! Even the Dems want to replace it but with Medicare for all which would cause 180 million Americans to lose their beloved private health insurance. The Republicans.....
A great American Kurt Cochran was killed in the London terror attack. My prayers and condolences are with his family and friends.
Alert...The president knew that the ambassador was being attacked  in Benghazi. He did nothing...he is no leader.
Wow new polls just out have Trump up and Cruz down - he is a nervous wreck!
Obama just stated "he didn't take school seriously made bad choices and GOT HIGH" - then how the hell did he get into Columbia &amp; Harvard?
.@TrumpDoral’s Red Course redesign is underway. Will be completed in September. Follow all the developments 
The travel ban into the United States should be far larger tougher and more specific-but stupidly that would not be politically correct!
Late Night host are dealing with the Democrats for their very "unfunny" &amp; repetitive material always anti-Trump! Should we get Equal Time?
Our Economy is doing great!!!!! 
Another attack this time in Germany. Many killed. God bless the people of Munich.
What recovery? JP Morgan has readjusted Q2 growth down from 1.7% to 1.4% and Q3 to 1.5% with 2012 on a whole at 1.7% 
Just completed a very good meeting on Afghanistan. Many on the opposite side of this 19 year war and us are looking to make a deal - if possible!
Schiff will change the transcripts just like he fraudulently made up the phone call. He is a corrupt politician! 
God bless the people of El Paso Texas. God bless the people of Dayton Ohio.
WOW! 
I've never seen anything like it everything he touches turns to gold!  So nice a quote by Fred C.Trump about his son Donald (me!).
Just had a great legal victory in Ft. Lauderdale -- won trial --  now will receive tremendous $ in legal fees from losers. Love it!
Keep your momentum. Without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
“Tax cuts deregulation and an Administration dedicated to growing business have allowed the U.S. economy to flourish. The resulting surge in job creation and record low unemployment has put the American worker in the driver’s seat.“ @SecretaryRoss 
I hope Republican Senators will vote for Graham-Cassidy and fulfill their promise to Repeal &amp; Replace ObamaCare. Money direct to States!
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome the President of the Republic of Kenya @UKenyatta and Mrs. Margaret Kenyatta to the @WhiteHouse today! 
I am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of Don McGahn as White House Counsel! I liked Don but he was NOT responsible for me not firing Bob Mueller or Jeff Sessions. So much Fake Reporting and Fake News!
Via @NYDailyNews by Eugene Dunn: “Trump the Nation's Great Hope” 

....Congress has no time to legislate they only want to continue the Witch Hunt which I have already won. They should start looking at The Criminals who are already very well known to all. This was a Rigged System - WE WILL DRAIN THE SWAMP!
It was my honor to attend today’s #ArmyNavyGame in Philadelphia. A GREAT game played all around by our HEROES. Congratulations @ArmyWP_Football on the win! 
With respect to Iran we have all the cards--they are scared stiff! I can't believe we aren't able to negotiate (cont) 
As we told the @nydailynews I was asked to speak at the RNC but said no because I will be doing something much bigger--just watch!
Vattenfall the company behind a proposed asinine windfarm off the coast of Aberdeen Scotland is having serious financial difficulty.
Melania and I wish all Jewish people Shana Tova and send our warmest greetings to those celebrating Rosh Hashanah and the start of the High Holy Days... 
Will be another Sean success! 
To all struggling young entrepreneurs--stay positive in this tough climate and keep looking for good deals. They are out there.
.@HillaryClinton Sneers At Millions Of Average Americans. #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth
The Fake News Media is doing everything possible to belittle my VERY successful trip to London for NATO. I got along great with the NATO leaders even getting them to pay $130 Billion a year more &amp; $400 Billion a year more in 3 years. No increase for U.S. only deep respect!
Discussing #SyrianRefugees with @EricBolling on @FoxNews back on 10/3/2015. #ISIS 
What a foolish move by @davidaxelrod to speak in Boston yesterday! Completely outmaneuvered by the @MittRomney campaign.
Pay attention to details. If you don't know every aspect of what you're doing you're setting yourself up for some big surprises.
Glenfiddich is a joke—should have chosen Andy Murray—U.S. Open &amp; Olympic gold winner—as Top Scot instead of a total loser!
'Manufacturing openings hires rise to highest levels of the recovery'
Don't forget to tune in tonight for the two hour premiere of The Apprentice. 9 pm EST on NBC. We're all in for a fantastic new season!
This is really unfair and a conflict for all the other candidates. I said it should not be allowed and ABC agreed.
....His opponent Jared Polis is weak on crime and weak on borders – could never do the job. Get out and VOTE – Walker has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Failed candidate Mitt Romneywho ran one of the worst races in presidential historyis working with the establishment to bury a big "R" win!
....he could not have been nicer or more respectful to your favorite President me. Then I saw the column he wrote “Trump Will Be Re-elected Won’t He?” He called me a Racist which I am not and said Rhode Island went from economically bad to great in 5 years because the.....
A doctor on NBC Nightly News agreed with me-we should not bring Ebola into our country through two patients but should bring docs to them.

Thanks for all of the accolades on my speech today - it's all about the truth!
It is truly amateur hour at the White House - and this is why we should not be doing the "war thing" right now!
Crooked Hillary said that I "couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign." ReallyI just beat 16 people and am beating her!
Alaska had a 200% plus increase in premiums under ObamaCare worst in the country. Deductibles high people angry! Lisa M comes through.
Via @paramuspost: “@TrumpSoHo New York Debuts Sizzling Summer Offerings” 
Fake News CNN made a vicious and purposeful mistake yesterday. They were caught red handed just like lonely Brian Ross at ABC News (who should be immediately fired for his “mistake”). Watch to see if @CNN fires those responsible or was it just gross incompetence?
Yes it is true - Carlos Slim the great businessman from Mexico called me about getting together for a meeting. We met HE IS A GREAT GUY!
Great article in the @guardian -- "Donald Trump opens £100m golf course" 
Horrible killing of a 13 year old American girl at her home in Israel by a Palestinian terrorist. We must get tough. 
Nobody will protect our Nation like Donald J. Trump. Our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong. Illegals out!
Will be on @seanhannity tonight at 10pm hosted by @GovMikeHuckabee. Enjoy!
A sneak peek at Sunday's episode of The Celebrity Apprentice...  #trumpvlog
January 20th 2017 will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again.
A lot of people have imagination but can't execute--you have to execute with the imagination. --Donald J. Trump 
House Intelligence Committee rules that there was NO COLLUSION between the Trump Campaign and Russia. As I have been saying all along it is all a big Hoax by the Democrats based on payments and lies. There should never have been a Special Counsel appointed. Witch Hunt!
“President Trump’s Job Approval Numbers have just reached the highest level since his Inauguration around 50% and you can add to that many votes from voters that don’t talk about their vote. Once they saw the President’s numbers going up they said ‘We gotta do something’ so..
I bet the terrorists in Libya used weapons we supplied them during their so called 'revolution' to attack our embassy in Benghazi.
Thank you- New York! I love you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Just leaving for @LandExpo in Iowa--standing room only. My great honor. @PeoplesCompany  
In light of Newtown our country has to pull together.
The U-6 Unemployment Rate is over 14.9%. ObamaCare is stopping businesses from both hiring and expanding.
Can you believe that Mitch McConnell who has screamed Repeal &amp; Replace for 7 years couldn't get it done. Must Repeal &amp; Replace ObamaCare!
The bus driver who saved the woman from jumping off the bridge was really cool great guy. I'm going to send him $10 000-he deserves it!
Trump: Rove 'Made a Fool Out of Himself'  via @cnsnews
The legendary @BarbaraJWalters will be asking me questions about the Presidential campaign on @WNTonight at 6:30 PM.
.@FLGovScott  Gaming states are laughing at stupidity of not approving gaming in FL—they’re afraid of Miami—can’t believe their luck!
Great news today: My Administration just secured a historic donation of HIV prevention drugs from Gilead to help expand access to PrEP for the uninsured and those at risk. Will help us achieve our goal of ending the HIV epidemic in America! 
Obama promised 5.2% unemployment by October 2012.  His promises are worthless!
#trumpvlog The Republicans must defeat @BarackObama not themselves..... 
Watched some of the Fake News Political Shows this morning and continue to be amazed at how every question is asked in the most negative way. The Mainstream Media should be ashamed of itself - But the good news is that the USA is wise to your game of dishonesty and deception!
Republicans are now leading the Generic Poll perhaps because of the popular Tax Cuts which the Dems want to take away. Actually they want to raise you taxes substantially. Also they want to do nothing on DACA R’s want to fix!
.@DBongino’s new book "Spygate: The Attempted Sabotage of Donald J. Trump" is terrific. He's tough he's smart and he really gets it. His book is on sale now I highly recommend!
Much of the money I have raised for our veterans has already been distributed with the rest to go shortly to various other veteran groups.
.@AlanDersh a brilliant lawyer who although a Liberal Democrat who probably didn’t vote for me has discussed the Witch Hunt with great clarity and in a very positive way. He has written a new and very important book...
A great photo of @MittRomney and me 
I am a handwriting analyst. Jack Lew’s handwriting shows while strange that he is very secretive—not necessarily a bad thing.
The brand new Blue Monster just opened at Trump National Doral - Miami. Also great new driving range which is open 'till midnight. GO SEE!
Is this what we want for a President? 
The U.S. has put together a STRONG bid w/ Canada &amp; Mexico for the 2026 World Cup. It would be a shame if countries that we always support were to lobby against the U.S. bid. Why should we be supporting these countries when they don’t support us (including at the United Nations)?
Both Ted Cruz and John Kasich have no path to victory. They should both drop out of the race so that the Republican Party can unify!
....I thank Pat for his outstanding service and will be naming Secretary of the Army Mark Esper to be the new Acting Secretary of Defense. I know Mark and have no doubt he will do a fantastic job!
Just left the #G7Summit. Had great meetings on everything especially on trade where....
Thank you Iowa! #FITN #IACaucus#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Sadly there can be no REAL Border Security without the Wall!
I am pleased to announce that I had the Union Leader removed from the upcoming debate. 
The GREAT football (and lacrosse) player Jim Brown outside the West Wing of the @WhiteHouse. He is also a tremendous man and mentor to many young people! 
Great working with you Maria! 
.@MittRomney has announced he is running for the Senate from the wonderful State of Utah. He will make a great Senator and worthy successor to @OrrinHatch and has my full support and endorsement!
Just arrived in Colorado. Getting ready to deliver the commencement speech at the Air Force Academy graduation. Very exciting - probably will be broadcast live on TV. They want good ratings!
Via @PressClubDC by @snlyngaas: “Trump Says U.S. Brand Has Lost Its Luster” 
When will the Failing New York Times admit that their front page story on the  the new Mexico deal at the Border is a FRAUD and nothing more than a badly reported “hit job” on me something that has been going on since the first day I announced for the presidency! Sick Journalism
I'm eagerly awaiting the next polls. The debate performance could be devastating to the Obama team. Let's see what happens.
Fantastic job on @CNN  tonight. @kayleighmcenany is a winner! @donlemon
...big unnecessary regulation cuts made it all possible” (among many other things). “President Trump reversed the policies of President Obama and reversed our economic decline.” Thank you Stuart Varney.  @foxandfriends
Beautiful afternoon in Iowa. Thank you to all of our Nation’s Farmers. May God bless you and may God Bless America! 
Christmas Eve briefing with my team working on North Korea – Progress being made. Looking forward to my next summit with Chairman Kim! 
People have been forced to resign positions for far less than @JonahNRO’s “tweeting like a 14 year old girl”
Entrepreneurs: Be prepared and be tough. Cover your bases! There are a lot of ups and downs but you can ride them out if you're prepared.
THANK YOU NEVADA!#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain@Snapchat! Username: realdonaldtrump  
No cuts to welfare no cuts to food stamps &amp; NOT A SINGLE CUT TO OBAMACARE yet the new budget cuts military benefits. Sad!
He should be Impeached for Fraud! 
Thank you @DeptofDefense @USACEHQ @USNationalGuard @FEMA and @CDCgov!  
The great workers who just completed the skylight at Trump International Hotel D.C. (Old Post Office) 
We must stop the crime and killing machine that is illegal immigration. Rampant problems will only get worse. Take back our country!
Again immigration reform is fine—but don’t rush to give away our country. That’s what’s happening!
Thanks Matthew!
I'm in Moscow for Miss Universe tonight - picking a winner is very hard they are all winners. Total sellout of arena. Big night in Russia!
Great meeting w/ NATO Sec. Gen. We agreed on the importance of getting countries to pay their fair share &amp; focus on… 
Newest Poll: Only 11% in favor of starting ridiculous impeachment hearings. Well let’s see: We have the Best Economy in History the Best Employment Numbers in History Most People Working in History Highest Stock Market in History Biggest Tax and Regulation Cuts in History..
While Obama is denying it he did receive intelligence about the attacks 3 days before  Too busy campaigning?
I see that John Kerry the father of the now terminated Iran deal is thinking of running for President. I should only be so lucky - although the field that is currently assembling looks really good - FOR ME!
Via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1: "DONALD TRUMP: MSM INVESTIGATION INTO SCOTT WALKER’S COLLEGE A ‘DOUBLE STANDARD’"
The residential real estate market continues to provide opportunities for first time home owners. Buy now if you can!
So @BarackObama is celebrating his 'birthday' with a fundraiser in his home he bought with the help of Rezko 
Oil prices getting too high. OPEC please relax and take it easy. World cannot take a price hike - fragile!
You’re just not getting there @DanaPerino. Sometimes things just don’t work out but don’t worry--- no problem!
....financial gain is a Federal Gratuity Statute Violation Bribery Statute Violation Honest Services Violation....all Major Crimes....because the DOJ is run by BLANK Jeff Sessions......”  Gregg Jarrett.  So when does Mueller do what must be done? Probably never! @FoxNews
A total Impeachment Scam by the Do Nothing Democrats! 
.@KathieLGifford Melania  and I send our deepest condolences. Frank was a special and amazing person. He will be missed by all!
Under Obama Iran has taken over Iraq Al Qaeda has taken over Libya the Muslim Brotherhood now controls Egypt. Worst  foreign policy ever.
After 13 seasons @ApprenticeNBC easily beat Shark Tank in ratings last year-- better demos as well.
Being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You have to trust yourself and your instincts.
China just landed a jet on an aircraft carrier stolen from a U.S. design.  We should offset the thievery from our debt..
I stand ready to lead us down a new path where we are lifted up by our desire to succeed not by a resentment of success. -- @MittRomney
Congress is back.TIME TO CUT CAP AND BALANCE.There is no revenue problem.The Debt Limit cannot be raised until Obama spending is contained.
.@THEGaryBusey is definitely different. #CelebApprentice
Oh really check out innocent @megynkelly discussion on @HowardStern show 5 years ago--I am the innocent (pure) one!
#VoteTrumpKS #Trump2016March 5 2016 | Wichita Kansas:  
THANK YOU CALIFORNIA! #KAG2020 
Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or stamina to be president. Jeb Bush is a low energy individual but Hillary is not much better!
A-Rod has disgraced the blessed @Yankees organization lied to the fans &amp; embarrassed NYC. He does not deserve to wear the pinstripes.
THE HARDER YOU WORK THE LUCKIER YOU GET!
#CaucusForTrump #Trump2016  
.@penn_state leadership has permanently scarred &amp; perhaps destroyed a great university. They should have (cont) 
By the way Hillary &amp; the MSM forgot to mention that Hillary is in the Al-Shabaab terror video. 
Only 15 days until ObamaCare is implemented. Congress must waive the monstrosity for regular Americans. Why should they be punished?
.@RepClayHiggins has been a great help to me on Cutting Taxes creating great new healthcare programs at low cost fighting for Border Security our Military and are Vets. He is tough on Crime and has my full Endorsement. The Great State of Louisiana we want Clay!
God bless the people of El Paso Texas. God bless the people of Dayton Ohio.
As ISIS and Ebola spread like wildfire the Obama administration just submitted a paper on how to stop climate change (aka global warming).
Our athletes in the Olympics are proving once again to be the greatest competitors in the world. Makes us proud to be Americans.
Some people want the United States to protect the 7000 mile away Border of Syria presided over by Bashar al-Assad our enemy. At the same time Syria and whoever they chose to help wants naturally to protect the Kurds....
Believe you can and you're halfway there. -- Theodore Roosevelt
“You don’t come to court and ask for witnesses after you’ve already presented your case unless you know your case is not working. I think their real motivation is for them to keep this President busy. We’re doing a great job on the economy we’re building our military look.....
An honor to be endorsed by the New England Police Benevolent Association. Thank you!  
#GOPDebate #
The global warming  scientists don't want to be airlifted off the ship-they are having too much fun and that is too simple a solution-FAME!
What do you think of Gary's definition of    f-u-n?
I am interviewed on This Week on @ABC this morning. Enjoy!
What a great group!  With @Schwarzenegger @SammartinoBruno and @TripleH. #WWEHOF
The Republicans should use everything against @BarackObama--just as @BarackObama is going to use everything (cont) 
.@antbaxter  Anthony—did you illegally take clips from the Letterman @Late_Show show and @GolfChannel without their approval?

Can you believe the worst Mayor in the U.S. &amp; probably the worst Mayor in the history of #NYC @BilldeBlasio just called me a blow hard!
Great news Lindsey! 
Via @peoplemag by @amandamichl: “@IvankaTrump: @Joan_RiversWas 'Very Warm' During Appearance on @ApprenticeNBC” 
Big excitement last night in the Great State of Pennsylvania! Fantastic crowd and people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The ratings of The Cycle on MSNBC a sad and pathetic show are way down. If they fired racist moron @Toure a truly stupid guy they live!
Great optimism in America – and the results will be even better! 
Via @Mediaite by forza_desiderio: “Donald Trump Blasts Obama on Ebola: Why Are You Sending Troops?” 
The only people who don’t like the Tax Cut Bill are the people that don’t understand it or the Obstructionist Democrats that know how really good it is and do not want the credit and success to go to the Republicans!
Now that the Witch Hunt has given up on Russia and is looking at the rest of the World they should easily be able to take it into the Mid-Term Elections where they can put some hurt on the Republican Party. Don’t worry about Dems FISA Abuse missing Emails or Fraudulent Dossier!
Plain &amp; Simple: We should only admit into this country those who share our VALUES and RESPECT our people. 
.@rushlimbaugh is right—the Republicans lost because they weren’t conservative enough—or tough enough.
Joint Statement on the United States-Korea Free Trade Agreement:  
Congratulations to @Likud_Party MK @dannydanon on being offered Deputy Defense Minister of IDF by @IsraeliPM @netanyahu.
Happy 4th of July to everyone  including the haters and losers!
China which is a great economic power is considered a Developing Nation within the World Trade Organization. They therefore get tremendous perks and advantages especially over the U.S. Does anybody think this is fair. We were badly represented. The WTO is unfair to U.S.
Congratulations to the Washington Nationals on a great season and an incredible World Series. Game 7 was amazing! @Nationals
Crooked Hillary caught again. She is a total train wreck! 
I was never a fan of Bush in fact he was so bad he gave us Obama! But Obama is truly a pathetic excuse of a president can't get any worse
GDP growth during the four quarters of 2018 was the fastest since 2005. This Administration is the first on record to have experienced economic growth that meets or exceeds its own forecasts in each of its first two years in office. GROWTH is beating MARKET EXPECTATIONS!
In recent days we have heard shameless attacks on our courageous law enforcement officers. Extremist Democrat politicians have called for the complete elimination of ICE. Leftwing Activists are trying to block ICE officers from doing their jobs and publicly posting their...
Crooked Hillary Clinton is the worst (and biggest) loser of all time. She just can’t stop which is so good for the Republican Party. Hillary get on with your life and give it another try in three years!
Joe Girardi @Yankees must play his starters even A-Rod they got you there.
My @TMZ interview with @HarveyLevinTMZ discussing how I will see my $5M lawsuit against @billmaher to the end 
Jeff Johnson of Minnesota had a big night in winning the Republican nomination for Governor against a very strong and well known opponent! Thanks for all of the support you showed me. You have my complete and total Endorsement. You will win in November!
....in our Country’s history and the poverty index is also best number EVER) leagues and teams love coming to the White House. I am a big fan of the American Team and Women’s Soccer but Megan should WIN first before she TALKS! Finish the job! We haven’t yet....
House Republicans should allow Chairs of Committees to remain for longer than 6 years. It forces great people and real leaders to leave after serving. The Dems have unlimited terms. While that has its own problems it is a better way to go. Fewer people in the end will leave!
Open for the 2014 season Mar-a-Lago Club is an architectural masterpiece offering the finest amenities in the world 
Thanks Larry. Best wishes.  
Dear Diary... 
“TRUMP TO CPAC: BUILD A GREAT ECONOMY”  via @BreitbartVideo
The statement put out yesterday by @FoxNews was a disgrace to good broadcasting and journalism. Who would ever say something so nasty &amp; dumb
I appreciate the support of Senator @LindseyGraham @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell and their Great Senate Republican colleagues on the resolution condemning the Do Nothing Democrats for their Witch Hunt Impeachment inquiry behind closed doors....
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing you'll be a success. - A. Schweitzer
Plane was carrying those terrible lithium ion batteries which are highly combustible as cargo. Fire could have started in cockpit.
The Iraqi army has squandered the majority of the weapons &amp; training we gave them for 10 long years. When will we learn?
U.S.A. Jobs numbers are the BEST in 44 years. If my opponent (the Democrats) had won the election they would have raised taxes substantially and increased regulations - the economy and jobs would have been a disaster!
Looks good to me! 
The Fed's reckless policies of low interest and flooding the market with dollars needs to be stopped or we will face record inflation.
The Ultimate Merger:  
We cannot let those killed in El Paso Texas and Dayton Ohio die in vain. Likewise for those so seriously wounded. We can never forget them and those many who came before them. Republicans and Democrats must come together and get strong background checks perhaps marrying....
Via @HuffPostPol by @_under_current: “Donald Trump Will End Outsourcing If President” 
Brian Kemp who is running for Governor of Georgia and has my full endorsement is campaigning tonight with @MikePenceVP. Brian is very strong on Crime and Borders LOVES our Military Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He will be a GREAT Governor!
Will be speaking at CPAC at 11:30 this morning. Record crowd live broadcast. Enjoy!
A great honor to easily finish FIRST in the @FoxNews poll tabulation even though some of my best polls were not used in determining winner!
... while Tom Brady is guilty because he REPLACED his LEGAL cellphone?
The failing @nytimes which never spoke to me keeps saying that I am saying to advisers that I will change. False I am who I am-never said
Libya is being taken over by Islamic radicals---with @BarackObama's open support.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined.- Henry David Thoreau
“About 500000 human beings were killed in Syria while Barack Obama was president &amp; leading for a “political settlement” to that civil war. Media has been more outraged in the last 72 hours over our Syria policy than they were at any point during 7 years of slaughter.” BuckSexton
I will be interviewed by @MarthaMaccallum on @FoxNews tonight at 7pm. Enjoy!
.@USATODAY Poll and @QuinnipiacPoll say that I beat both Hillary and Bernie and I havn't even started on them yet!
Congratulations to Danny Tarkanian on his big GOP primary win in Nevada. Danny worked hard an got a great result. Looking good in November!
Good day in the Stock Market. People have no idea the tremendous potential our Country has for GROWTH - and many other things!
We should be concerned about the American worker &amp; invest here. Not grant amnesty to illegals or waste $7B in Africa.

.@Natalie_Gulbis- Thank you for the nice piece in @SInow / @Golf_com.Keep up the great work! 
Professional anarchists thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
New PPP Poll just out - Trump up big Cruz Rubio and Bush down. The debate results even with a stacked RNC audience were wonderful!
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
Very important that NFL players STAND tomorrow and always for the playing of our National Anthem. Respect our Flag and our Country!
Congrats to winners from around the world who entered the "Think Like A Champion" signed book/keychain contest! 
Getting ready to leave for Europe. First meeting - NATO. The U.S. is spending many times more than any other country in order to protect them. Not fair to the U.S. taxpayer. On top of that we lose $151 Billion on Trade with the European Union. Charge us big Tariffs (&amp; Barriers)!
Join me in Roanoke Virginia on Saturday evening at 6pm! #
Join me in Denver Colorado tomorrow at 9:30pm!Tickets: 
I am offering the chance for Barack Obama to redistribute $5M to any charity of his choice.  Everyone wins.  Take the deal.
.@bigstack19 "@realDonaldTrump Does anyone actually read Rolling Stone anymore? Guess they had to create (cont) 
The Trump Organization is honored to be expanding our interests into Dubai. The golf course will be the top course in the Middle East.
By not doing the failed poorly rated debate I was able to make the point of not allowing "unfairness" - while raising $6000000 for VETS.
I'm convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance.--Steve Jobs
We are a great Sovereign Nation. We have Strong Borders and will never accept people coming into our Country illegally!
Watch me play both golf and baseball tonight on Donald J. Trump's Fabulous World of Golf 9PM ET on Golf Channel.. 
Scott Gottlieb who has done an absolutely terrific job as Commissioner of the FDA plans to leave government service sometime next month....
I JUST GOT IMPEACHED FOR MAKING A PERFECT PHONE CALL!
The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 to sanction North Korea. China and Russia voted with us. Very big financial impact!
President Obama spends so much time speaking of the so-called Carbon footprint and yet he flies all the way to Hawaii on a massive old 747.
By rejecting my ad on ugly windmills &amp; @AlexSalmond’s faulty thinking on the “Lockerbie bomber” the ad is now on worldwide newscasts.
I want to congratulate @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell and all Republicans. Today I signed the 160th Federal Judge to the Bench. Within a short period of time we will be at over 200 Federal Judges including many in the Appellate Courts &amp; two great new U.S. Supreme Court Justices!
For the record Denmark is only at 1.35% of GDP for NATO spending. They are a wealthy country and should be at 2%. We protect Europe and yet only 8 of the 28 NATO countries are at the 2% mark. The United States is at a much much higher level than that....
Obama’s own top donor is now laying employees off and lowering hours in anticipation of Obama Care   The new reality.
I will be going to Texas as soon as that trip can be made without causing disruption. The focus must be life and safety.
.@Disney's acquisition of Lucas Film is a smart deal for both sides.  Disney just bought a great brand which will keep producing revenue.
If you’ve looked over the yearsI’ve been right on virtually every issue from Iraq (not going in but if so taking the oil) to jobs to China
Think how wonderful it is to be able to fight back and show to so many how totally dishonest the Fake News Media really is. It may be the most corrupt and disgusting business (almost) there is! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Why does @FoxNews keep George Will as a talking head? Wrong on so many subjects!
....equipment. General Mattis was a great help to me in getting allies and other countries to pay their share of military obligations. A new Secretary of Defense will be named shortly. I greatly thank Jim for his service!
Liberal Hollywood is Racist at the highest level and with great Anger and Hate! They like to call themselves “Elite” but they are not Elite. In fact it is often the people that they so strongly oppose that are actually the Elite. The movie coming out is made in order....
Watch: Kanye West Says Trump Wants to Be the ‘Greatest President’ for Black Americans  via @BreitbartNews
So sad that the Democrats are putting wonderful Hope Hicks through hell for 3 years now after total exoneration by Robert Mueller &amp; the Mueller Report. They were unhappy with result so they want a Do Over. Very unfair &amp; costly to her. Will it ever end? Why aren’t they.......
Identify your goals. Know precisely what you want to achieve study the best people in your fieldand then plan the best route for success.
Congratulations to Woody Johnson and @nyjets on acquiring @TimTebow.@TimTebow is not only a winner but a leader. (cont) 
Rep. Adam Schiff fraudulently read to Congress with millions of people watching a version of my conversation with the President of Ukraine that doesn’t exist. He was supposedly reading the exact transcribed version of the call but he completely changed the words to make it....
Via @thehill by @HugginsRachel: “Trump looking 'very seriously' at 2016 run” 
Hillary &amp; Obama's Broken Promises. #RepealObamacare 
There’s a reason @mcuban’s partners can’t stand him and on top of that the team sucks!
It was my great honor thank you! 
Farmers have not been doing well for 15 years. Mexico Canada China and others have treated them unfairly. By the time I finish trade talks that will change. Big trade barriers against U.S. farmers and other businesses will finally be broken. Massive trade deficits no longer!
I wonder if @BarackObama ever had an Indonesian passport. Did he become an Indonesian citizen when he lived there?
Tweet me more of your questions to answer in the next video....
I wonder if @megynkelly and her flunkies have written their scripts yet about my debate performance tonight. No matter how well I do - bad!
Today I will meet with Canadian PM Trudeau and a group of leading business women to discuss women in the workforce. 
Thank you to Rick Breckenridge and congratulations to Matt Rosendale (@MattForMontana). This is very big - see you in Montana on Saturday! Tickets:  
The Fake News Media worked hard to get Tiger Woods to say something that he didn’t want to say. Tiger wouldn’t play the game - he is very smart. More importantly he is playing great golf again!
Now that African-Americans are seeing what a bad job Hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities they want TRUMP!
Great @nytimes story about our conversion of the Old Post Office building in D.C. to luxury hotel- 
With our $250M in renovations @TrumpDoral offers a wide array of courses restored to perfection 
Looking forward to the 2010 Miss USA Pageant Sunday May 16 on NBC 7 p.m. ET  hosted by Curtis Stone and Natalie Morales.
Billions of dollars are sent to the State of California for Forest fires that with proper Forest Management would never happen. Unless they get their act together which is unlikely I have ordered FEMA to send no more money. It is a disgraceful situation in lives &amp; money!
Iran is flying supply planes to Syria through Iraqi airspace. Thank you United States for making this possible!
Leadership: the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. --Dwight D. Eisenhower
I have asked Secretary of State Mike Pompeo not to go to North Korea at this time because I feel we are not making sufficient progress with respect to the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula...
Anyway I’m all about jobs &amp; the economy &amp; making America great again. We’re falling fast!
Will soon be heading to Davos Switzerland to tell the world how great America is and is doing. Our economy is now booming and with all I am doing will only get better...Our country is finally WINNING again!
Great. Just reported on @FoxNews that many people who supported @JebBush are now supporting me. I knew that would happen pundits didn't!
BIG RALLY tonight in Cincinnati Ohio. See you there! P.S. Our Country is doing GREAT!
The Republicans will get zero credit for passing immigration reform—and I said zero!
Thank you Andrew Jackson! #POTUS7 #USA🇺🇸 
Watch my endorsement of @MittRomney. 
Thank you Ohio! VOTE so we can replace Obamacare and save healthcare for every family in the United States! Watch:… 
Join my team over on my Facebook page- live now! # 
Gold Star father Ceejay Metcalf whose great son Michael was just honored at the White House was fantastic this morning on @foxandfriends. He is a special man!
Trump Int'l Golf Club Turnberry Scotland. A legendary course ... and rightly so.  
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an independent! Run Bernie run.
Procter and Gamble is relocating its beauty headquarters from Cincinnati to Asia--what are we doing?!
The @USCHAMBER must fight harder for the American worker. China and many others are taking advantage of U.S. with our terrible trade pacts
It was a great honor to welcome Prime Minister Najib Abdul Razak of Malaysia and his distinguished delegation to the @WhiteHouse today! 
A-Rod’s salary is more than the entire @astros. Half the players on @astros will have better seasons than him. A-Rod is a joke!
The Whistleblower has disappeared. Where is the Whistleblower?
Many people still out of power in Staten Island.  Absolutely ridiculous.  Why can't they get service?
Congratulations to Linda McMahon on her victory in the Connecticut Senate primary. She is an amazing woman--smart as you get! @Linda_McMahon
Happy birthday to U.S. ARMY and our soldiers. Thank you for your bravery sacrifices &amp; dedication. Proud to be your Commander-in-Chief!
Today it was my great honor to meet with the Crown Prince of Bahrain at the @WhiteHouse. Bahrain and the United States are important partners.During the Crown Prince’s visit he is advancing $9 BILLION in commercial deals including finalizing the purchase of F-16’s... 
.@SouthJerseyMag “According to the Pros” just named Trump National Golf Club Philadelphia the #1 private club. Thanks!
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary.  Let's Make America Great Again! 
General Petraeus should stop apologising and get on with his life. He is a good man and should have a great future.

Congratulations to @MariaBartiromo on her big move to @FoxBusiness. She is a total winner!
The same people that got us into the Middle East Quicksand 8 Trillion Dollars and many thousands of lives (and millions of lives when you count the other side) are now fighting to keep us there. Don’t listen to people that haven’t got a clue. They have proven to be inept!
....is making. Working very hard on TAX CUTS for the middle class companies and jobs!
Thank you Liz. Shows great Republican support! 
I will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 8pm. Enjoy!
This is the time for Mexico with the help of the United States to wage WAR on the drug cartels and wipe them off the face of the earth. We merely await a call from your great new president!
Fox &amp; Friends going on now - enjoy!
Thank you James Freeman of the @WSJ for the very nice words. All polls said I won the debate except NBC (3rd). Explain to Daniel Henninger!
The Fake News Media is doing everything they can to crash the economy because they think that will be bad for me and my re-election. The problem they have is that the economy is way too strong and we will soon be winning big on Trade and everyone knows that including China!
Why should Radical Left Democrats in Congress have a right to retry and examine the $35000000 (two years in the making) No Collusion Mueller Report when the crime committed was by Crooked Hillary the DNC and Dirty Cops? Attorney General Barr will make the decision!
...your Social Security and Medicare! Cast your early vote or vote on August 7th Election Day. He has my full and total Endorsement!
Via @CraveOnline: "Donald Trump is NOT A-Rod fan 
Do not allow our very stupid leaders to sign a deal that keeps us in Afghanistan through 2024-with all costs by U.S.A.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT!
The Country is being run just like the stadium.
I wish the @WSJ Wall Street Journal had reported the just out @CNN Iowa Poll correctly. I lead by a wide margin13 points going up big!
Thank you @MSNBC real professionals! @chucktodd @maddow 
“Faldo to rework two Doral courses”  via @FOXSports
It was wonderful to have President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine with us in New York City today. #UNGA🎥 
Congratulations to @BretBaier on his five year anniversary as the anchor @SpecialReport. Brett is great!
During Small Business Week we celebrate the great hard-working entrepreneurs across our country who have started and operate a small business!
Congratulations on your big @UFC WIN! 
Congratulations to my children Don and Tiffany on having done a fantastic job last night. I am very proud of you!
If you can’t adapt to new situations then you will never be successful. Every change is a new opportunity to use your talent.
46% of Americans think the Media is inventing stories about Trump &amp; his Administration. @FoxNews   It is actually much worse than this!
As the world watches we are days away from passing HISTORIC TAX CUTS for American families and businesses. It will be the BIGGEST TAX CUT and TAX REFORM in the HISTORY of our country! 
...expect the country to be further downgraded in the future. The rich are all leaving!
Melania and I met such incredible people last night in Broward County Florida. Will never forget them or the evening!
PM Justin Trudeau of Canada acted so meek and mild during our @G7 meetings only to give a news conference after I left saying that “US Tariffs were kind of insulting” and he “will not be pushed around.” Very dishonest &amp; weak. Our Tariffs are in response to his of 270% on dairy!
I interviewed 4 very impressive people yesterday. On Monday I will be announcing my decision for Justice of the United States Supreme Court!
Accounting firm Ernst &amp; Young and the celebrity judges are insulted by Miss Pennsylvania's made up PR.
#DrainTheSwamp #PhoenixRally 
The issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race. It is about respect for our Country Flag and National Anthem. NFL must respect this!
Since the first day I took office all you hear is the phony Democrat excuse for losing the election Russia RussiaRussia.  Despite this I have the economy booming and have possibly done more than any 10 month President. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Arizona had a 116% increase in ObamaCare premiums last year with deductibles very high. Chuck Schumer sold John McCain a bill of goods. Sad
New Stock Market high! I will never get bored of telling you that – and we will never get tired of winning!
Catch the second part of my interview with Bill O'Reilly tonight at 8pm on Fox News....
Will be having many meetings this weekend at The Southern White House. Big 5:00 P.M. speech in Melbourne Florida. A lot to talk about!
My interview with WMUR’s @JoshMcElveen at #NHFreedomSummit 
Great @FOXSports art. by @jillpainter on Doc River’s annual golf charity event @TrumpGolfLA. Doc is a great friend! 
Always remember SOMETIMES YOUR BEST INVESTMENTS ARE THE ONES YOU DON'T MAKE!
There was no Collusion (it is a Hoax) and there is no Obstruction of Justice (that is a setup &amp; trap). What there is is Negotiations going on with North Korea over Nuclear War Negotiations going on with China over Trade Deficits Negotiations on NAFTA and much more. Witch Hunt!
.@JebBush is slashing campaign salaries people making millions. If he can't manage his campaign how can he manage our countries finances?
The @EricTrumpFdn event featured a performance by #CelebApprentice @JohnRich- a great event for a great cause! Watch- 
Far more killed than anticipated in radical Islamic terror attack yesterday. Get tough and smart U.S. or we won't have a country anymore!
People have got to stop working to be so politically correct and focus all of their energy on finding solutions to very complex problems!
Thousands of e-mails from folks urging me to seek the Americans Elect Presidential nomination.
Record snowfall &amp; freezing temps throughout the country. Where is Global Warming when you need it?!
The more you learn about the debt deal the worse it gets.
Christopher Bedford The Federalist Senior Editor. “There is NOTHING NEW in these Emails at all that’s been discovered. It’s exactly what we knew before which is that the White House &amp; political figures wanted to cut off aid Trump wanted to question aid to a number of....
....Kelly has done an outstanding job representing our Nation and I have no doubt that under her leadership our Country will be represented at the highest level. Congratulations to Kelly and her entire family!
“Middle-Class Income Hits All-Time High!” @foxandfriends  And will continue to rise (unless the Dems get in and destroy what we have built).
Things happen that make you question whether you should keep going. As long as you are enjoying what you are doing keep going.
Seth Myers is so unnatural and uncomfortable doing his show that you have to feel sorry for him. Bad interviewer marbles in his mouth!
Republicans should stop wasting their time on Immigration until after we elect more Senators and Congressmen/women in November. Dems are just playing games have no intention of doing anything to solves this decades old problem. We can pass great legislation after the Red Wave!
The Trump Signature Collection exclusively available at @Macys tops all menswear styles. Dress to impress!  
LOUISIANA VOTE @EddieRispone TODAY! He will be a great governor!
“She (Congresswoman Omar) keeps on assaulting Jews...” Jeff Ballabon B2 Strategic CEO 
Frack now and frack fast unless we want to continue to be dependent on countries that hate us.
The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of our Country!
Thanks James! 
The Republicans once again hold all the cards with the debt ceiling.  They can get everything they want.  Focus!
....for the wonderful job he has done and we look forward to working with him closely perhaps in another capacity within the Administration!
Personally I think Douglas Durst's brother got screwed by Douglas--no wonder he's angry.
The big story is the "unmasking and surveillance" of people that took place during the Obama Administration.
Today is National #MedalofHonorDay. Join me in a #MomentofHonor to remember those who have earned our Nation's highest award for valor in combat. The Nation is eternally grateful to these patriots who so valiantly fought for America’s values and the American way of life! 
Just watched recap of #CrookedHillary's speech. Very short and lies. She is the only one fear-mongering!
MUST READ – via @IBDinvestors: “VA Scandal Grows As Bonuses Went To Worst Hospitals” 
..willing to lose their wealth or a big part of it just for the possibility of winning the Election. But it won’t work because I always find a way to win especially for the people! The greatest political movement in the history of our Country will have another big win in 2020!
Thank you @LouDobbs and Tom Homan! 
Awarded both @ForbesInspector Five-Star &amp; @AAAFiveDiamond ratings @TrumpNewYork’s @Jean_GeorgesNYC is fantastic. 
It was just announced that @MacMiller’s song “DonaldTrump” went platinum—tell  Mac Miller to kiss my ass!
So Obama wants to bomb ISIS in Iraq &amp; arm them in Syria? What is he doing!
Mexico’s Soldiers recently pulled guns on our National Guard Soldiers probably as a diversionary tactic for drug smugglers on the Border. Better not happen again! We are now sending ARMED SOLDIERS to the Border. Mexico is not doing nearly enough in apprehending &amp; returning!
Gas prices are way too high. With an economy contracting and lower demand how do OPEC &amp; the speculators get away with this?!
Two years ago I told everybody to start looking &amp; buying houses—I hope you listened! (but there is still time).
Thank you @JCLayfield -- will get even better as my Administration continues to put #AmericaFirst🇺🇸 
All successful people are high energy people who are passionate about what they do. Find a passion that energizes you. - Think Big
Years ago the Democrats had the money to build the Wall but they didn’t have any idea how to get it done. I am building it bigger and better than ever thought possible! 
“Schiff’s impeachment hearings wasting time when Congress must do real work” 
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
“There are 31 House Democrats in Trump won Congressional Districts. Those Dems will have to answer to their constituents come 2020. If you look at the facts there’s no crime there’s no witness there’s no evidence there’s no victim President Zelensky said there was....
ObamaCare contains marriage penalty taxes. Why should married couples be penalized for having healthcare?
My interview with @IngrahamAngle discussing @MittRomney's Super Tuesday  and why @BarackObama must be defeated.
Adam should be Impeached! 
Keep up the GREAT work. I am with you 100%!"ISIS is losing its grip..."Army Colonel Ryan DillonCJTF– 
Mike Pence won big. We should all be proud of Mike!

Do you believe this?  A total Scam! 
Glad to see no charges against Greg Kelly. His accusers' charges never made sense!
#CrookedHillary is unfit to serve. 
You never know when the tide is going to turn in your favor. It's important to never give up on yourself. -- Think Like a Champion
Wouldn't it be nice if our government could build a wall on the border under budget and ahead of schedule?! - my @SRQRepublicans speech.
Thank you Missoula Montana. Get out and VOTE for @MattForMontana and @GregForMontana!! #MAGA🇺🇸 
A Warren Buffett corp. is currently ensnared in a bankruptcy. Likewise Icahn Kravis Apollo and many others have played the game.Thanks!
Bernie Sanders gave Hillary the Dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails. That issue has only gotten bigger!
Only 109 people out of 325000 were detained and held for questioning. Big problems at airports were caused by Delta computer outage.....
Just got great national poll numbers - double digit lead!  Thank you we will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
We have to get tough on China. For every one American child there are four Chinese. China is out to steal our (cont)  18:56:23,93,24,false,182541178904903681TwitLonger Beta,The blatant waste of taxpayers' dollars doesn't bother Obama because it's all part of his broader nanny-state (cont) 
Getting ready to land in Japan with First Lady Melania. We look forward to seeing everyone soon!🇺🇸🇯🇵
Celebrate Thanksgiving @TrumpNewYork with exclusive viewing access to the 88th Annual @Macys Thanksgiving Parade®  
Thank you Fort Wayne Indiana!#Trump2016 #INPrimary 
Argyll grandmother takes UK and EU to the United Nations over plans to turn Scotland into windfarm 'hedgehog'   
Only a fool would buy the @NYDailyNews. Loses fortune &amp; has zero gravitas. Let it die!
Via @nypost by Editorial Board: “New York’s mute @AGSchneiderman”  Schneiderman is feckless and corrupt.
This spring marks 4yrs since the Phoenix VA crisis. We won't forget what happened to our GREAT VETS. Choice is vital but the program needs work &amp; is running out of $. Congress must fix Choice Program by Memorial Day so VETS can get the care they deserve. I will sign immediately!
Arriving at Joint Base Andrews with @SecretaryPerry @SecretaryZinke and @SecPriceMD..... 
“Years from now when we look back at this day nobody’s going to remember Nancy’s cheap theatrics they will remember though how President Trump brought the Chinese to the bargaining table and delivered achievements few ever thought were possible.” @IngrahamAngle @FoxNews
Big announcement today: Drug companies have to come clean about their prices in TV ads. Historic transparency for American patients is here. If drug companies are ashamed of those prices—lower them!
Hillary and Sanders are not doing well but what is the failed former Mayor of Baltimore doing on that stage? O'Malley is a clown.
....”knife crime” which is totally out of control in London. People are afraid to even walk the streets. He is a terrible mayor who should stay out of our business!
Many people are now saying I won South Carolina because of the last debate. I showed anger and the people of our country are very angry!
I dream for a living. --Steven Spielberg
Was just briefed via phone by @DHSgov @SecNielsen and @FEMA @FEMA_Brock along with @VP Mike Pence and Chief of Staff John Kelly on incoming storm which is very dangerous. Heed the directions of your State and Local Officials - and know that WE are here for you. Be SAFE! 
All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC is down to the five final contestants.  Getting fired now is when it really hurts!
Little Mac Miller’s next album may bomb.  He can’t use my name again for sales.
When it comes to money finance and even life PROTECT THE DOWNSIDE AND THE UPSIDE WILL TAKE CARE OF ITSELF!
If you can’t handle the hard times that come with business then you will never be able to celebrate the successes. Focus &amp; Stay Positive.
Between Libya the national security leaks and Fast &amp; Furious Obama has had more national security scandals than any other President.
Congratulations Great Show! 
...Brande was also smart in not bringing Omarosa to the boardroom.
“Effective leadership is putting first things first. Effective management is discipline carrying it out.” - Stephen Covey
It is about time that Roger Goodell of the NFL is finally demanding that all players STAND for our great National Anthem-RESPECT OUR COUNTRY
Hillary Clinton said that it is O.K. to ban Muslims from Israel by building a WALL but not O.K. to do so in the U.S. We must be vigilant!
Georgetown should not host @KathleenSebelius for the graduation ceremony. Her policies abuse Catholics.
Thanks @renee2i for hosting me tomorrow at the Two International Group! Looking forward to making new friends &amp; discussing #FITN topics.
Democrats campaigned on working within Washington and “getting things done!” How is that working out? #2020TAKEBACKTHEHOUSE
Via @Newsmax_Media: “@RepMattSalmon: Obama 'Didn't Lift a Finger' to Help Free Marine in Mexican Prison” 
The Democrats dropped all references to God from their platform. Not good!
As your President one would think that I would be thrilled with our very strong dollar. I am not! The Fed’s high interest rate level in comparison to other countries is keeping the dollar high making it more difficult for our great manufacturers like Caterpillar Boeing.....
Keep an open mind--business is a creative endeavor. Strive for innovative ideas.
Trump Nat'l Golf Club Philadelphia is a 360 acre beauty and an award winning Tom Fazio designed course--fantastic! 
Remember when the two failed presidential candidates Lindsey Graham and Jeb Bush signed a binding PLEDGE? They broke the deal no honor!
Which team do you think has the edge in this interactive photo experience task assignment?
Via @eonline:"@IvankaTrump Wears @MissUniverse 2014's $300000 Crown Nails Beauty Pageant Winner Look" 
What did you think of the boardroom? #CelebApprentice
If everybody sued the Journal News for revealing their info (guns)- paper would go out of business.
Entrepreneurs:  Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning.
Clips from tax speech and @seanhannity on @foxandfriends now. Have a great day!
Poll: Suburban women are coming back into the Republican Party in droves “because of the Wall and Border Security. 70% support Border Security and the Wall.” Not believing the Walls are immoral line. Beverly Hallberg Independent Women’s Forum @KatiePavlich  A great USA issue!
My @FoxNews interview on @gretawire discussing "The China Curse" 
I will be interviewed tonight on @FoxNews by @SeanHannity at 9pmE. Enjoy!
.@AlexSalmond is making a truly stupid mistake by forcing ugly industrial wind turbines down Scotland’s throat –he's hated for it.
Remember I predicted that New York Magazine would  fold and people scoffed? Just announced (N.Y.Post) it lost big $'s &amp; is cutting way back!
Must read via @FoxNews by @JaySekulow: “Mr. President: Will you bring home American pastor imprisoned in Iran?” 
Join me in Indianapolis Indiana tomorrow at 3pm! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgainTickets:  
“To keep your momentum going you must have intrinsic values as well as monetary values. Know when to give back.” – Think Big
I just signed the CARES Act the single biggest economic relief package in American History – twice as large as any relief bill ever enacted. At $2.2 Trillion Dollars this bill will deliver urgently-needed relief for our nation’s families workers and businesses. #CARESAct🇺🇸 
If the GOP Establishment really wants to defeat @BarackObama then they should read #TimeToGetTough.
Tony Romo just made a great play-Giants are getting killed!
Amazing that Derek Jeter played with an injury throughout most of last night's @yankees game and did so well.
Excited that @OurCountryPAC's @Amy Kremer has endorsed the Newsmax-@iontv debate. The Tea Party Express is a great group.
What did you think of @THEGaryBusey's mechanical dog idea?
China must be worried that @MittRomney will win this November. They have never had such a pushover like @BarackObama.
Watch @ApprenticeNBC episode 2 online again via @nbc: “Nobody Out Thinks Donald Trump"  
.....existence of these tweets in which you were so harshly negative about the President &amp; the people who support him. Don’t you think we wanted to know that before we put you on this jury.’ Pretty obvious he should (get a new trial). I think almost any judge in the Country.....
20 Most Anticipated Hotel Openings of 2016: Trump International Hotel Washington D.C. 
.....Will the FBI ever recover it’s once stellar reputation so badly damaged by Comey McCabe Peter S and his lover the lovely Lisa Page and other top officials now dismissed or fired? So many of the great men and women of the FBI have been hurt by these clowns and losers!
Despite the false @nytimes story about Jeb Bush being happy with the Trump surge he fell more than anybody &amp; is miserable.
Departing for the Great State of North Carolina! 
With few exceptions only really smart people are able to make a lot of money. Hard work is also important but "brains" will supersede.

In one of the biggest stories in a long time the FBI says it is now missing five months worth of lovers Strzok - Page texts perhaps 50000 all in prime time. Wow!
I can't believe that 60 Minutes is right now showing our nuclear facilities for the world to see (at request of U.S. leadership). STUPID!
Heading to Nevada to talk trade and immigration with supporters. Country’s economy is stronger than ever before with numbers that are getting better by the week. Tremendous potential and trade deals are coming along well.
Congratulations to all of the ”DEPLORABLES” and the millions of people who gave us a MASSIVE (304-227) Electoral College landslide victory! 
Numerous countries are being considered for the MEETING but would Peace House/Freedom House on the Border of North &amp; South Korea be a more Representative Important and Lasting site than a third party country? Just asking!
An old picture with Nancy and Ronald Reagan. 
It was great being on @MikeAndMike in the Morning (ESPN)—two great guys fantastic show!
Russia and China are playing the Currency Devaluation game as the U.S. keeps raising interest rates. Not acceptable!
Boycott all Apple products  until such time as Apple gives cellphone info to authorities regarding radical Islamic terrorist couple from Cal
My shirts ties and suits are selling great @Macy's because they are the best and most stylish at a really reasonable price - thanks!
#2.  Keep your momentum. Without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Any answers Nancy? 
“@WestJournalism Exclusive – We Asked Donald Trump What Jobs He Would Offer ISIS” 
Really Big Breaking News (Kidding): Booker who was in zero polling territory just dropped out of the Democrat Presidential Primary Race. Now I can rest easy tonight. I was sooo concerned that I would someday have to go head to head with him!
Brad Raffensperger will be a fantastic Secretary of State for Georgia - will work closely with @BrianKempGA. It is really important that you get out and vote for Brad - early voting....
It’s Tuesday.  How much money will Karl Rove waste today trying to push amnesty through the House?
.@HallieJackson Why didn't you report Hillary lying about the ISIS video. Bad reporting. Perhaps @NBC will do better next year-but doubt it!
A large number of counts ten could not even be decided in the Paul Manafort case. Witch Hunt!
Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats delayed the Workers Help/Stimulus Bill by over a week trying to add real “junk” into the Bill. Got some bad things having nothing to do with those affected by the Virus included. Republicans need their votes until we WIN BACK THE HOUSE IN 2020!
Such a beautiful Opening Statement by Corey Lewandowski! Thank you Corey! @CLewandowski_
China is already preparing to benefit economically from this mess. They will pick up the pieces and make yet another fortune-&amp; laugh at us!
My nomination would increase voter turnout. #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #
The Al Qaeda flag is now flying over Benghazi. @BarackObama spent over $3Billion of our money for this?
I have authorized an emergency disaster declaration to provide Hawaii the necessary support ahead of #HurricaneLane. Our teams are closely coordinating with the state and local authorities. You are in our thoughts! 
Cyprus is seizing private bank accounts as collateral for €10bn bail-out. We owe $17T. Think it can’t happen here?
Getting out of Syria was no surprise. I’ve been campaigning on it for years and six months ago when I very publicly wanted to do it I agreed to stay longer. Russia Iran Syria &amp; others are the local enemy of ISIS. We were doing there work. Time to come home &amp; rebuild. #MAGA
Barack Obama is not who you think he is. Most overrated politician in US history.
I hope the Fake News Media keeps talking about Wacky Congresswoman Wilson in that she as a representative is killing the Democrat Party!
.@WineEnthusiast’s highest rated wine in Virginia @trumpwinery is the premier name in sophistication and quality 
Ted Cruz has done so much for Texas including massive cuts in taxes and regulations - which has brought Texas to the best jobs numbers in the history of the state. He watches carefully over your 2nd Amendment. O’Rourke would blow it all! Ted has long had my Strong Endorsement!
I will once again write a $1 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal! 
So proud of NASCAR and its supporters and fans. They won't put up with disrespecting our Country or our Flag - they said it loud and clear!
Thank you David a lifelong Democrat from Pennsylvania. We will continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then KEEP AMERICA GREAT!!!!
After 7 months of investigations &amp; committee hearings about my "collusion with the Russians"  nobody has been able to show any proof. Sad!
California’s sanctuary policies are illegal and unconstitutional and put the safety and security of our entire nation at risk. Thousands of dangerous &amp; violent criminal aliens are released as a result of sanctuary policies set free to prey on innocent Americans. THIS MUST STOP!
True @THEGaryBusey is a scene stealer without trying. He’s got a gift. #CelebApprentice
I give Secretary of State John Kerry credit for working and trying hard but he has zero negotiating ability!
ALso coming up: The Celebrity Apprentice returns. Sunday night March 6 at 9 pm EST 
Only three weeks until the new season of @CelebApprentice begins filming--great all-star cast.
Thank you Michael Harrison @Talkersmagazine for your kind words - greatly appreciated!
.@AlexSalmond sought my support after he released terrorist Al Megrahi who blew up Pan Am #103 killing all aboard. I said “no way!”
“The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet keep looking. Don’t settle.” – Steve Jobs
Getting rid of the mortgage interest deduction would be a disaster for homeowners who have suffered enough!
Saudi Arabia should be paying the United States many billions of dollars for our defense of them. Without us gone!  @AlWaleedbinT
GOP now viewed more favorably than Dems in Trump era (per NBC/WSJ poll) via @HotlineJosh:
....our great police are being disrespected even with water dumped on them because a Mayor and Governor just don’t “have their backs.” New York’s Finest must be cherished respected and loved. Too many prople are leaving our special New York. Great leaders would work....
.@EliseChristine #asktrump 
Can you believe the Republicans are studying the Democrats on how to win an election?
When a country Taxes our products coming in at say 50% and we Tax the same product coming into our country at ZERO not fair or smart. We will soon be starting RECIPROCAL TAXES so that we will charge the same thing as they charge us. $800 Billion Trade Deficit-have no choice!
Thank you @JesseBWatters and @DBongino! 
Trump National Golf Club Washington D.C. is on 600 beautiful acres fronting the Potomac River. A fantastic setting! 
.@ianbremmer now admits that he MADE UP “a completely ludicrous quote” attributing it to me. This is what’s going on in the age of Fake News. People think they can say anything and get away with it. Really the libel laws should be changed to hold Fake News Media accountable!
.@Jimmyv3  @WWE Greatly appreciate your nice words re WrestleMania. That’s why you are such a respected writer.
The Fake News Media is working overtime to blame me for the horrible attack in New Zealand. They will have to work very hard to prove that one. So Ridiculous!
New book just out “The Real Deal My Decade Fighting Battles and Winning Wars With Trump” is really wonderful. It is written by two people who are very smart &amp; know me well George Sorial &amp; Damian Bates as opposed to all the books where the author has no clue who I am. ENJOY!
“President Donald J. Trump’s Commission on School Safety examined ways to make our schools safe for all students and teachers.” Read more:  
Instead of attacking me Ashish J. Thakkar should worry about the culture of corruption plaguing Uganda 
Putin says Russia can’t allow a weakening of its nuclear deterrent—U.S. wants to reduce—are we crazy?
Entrepreneurs: See each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
A great night in Ohio’s 12th Congressional District with Troy Balderson! Troy loves Ohio and he loves the people of Ohio. He will be fighting for you all the way...
.@MelindaDC  Don’t misrepresent in order to make a point. I was always tough on ISIS--as you’ll find out after I get elected.
Carl Cameron @FoxNews is the only reporter I know who consistently fumbles &amp; misrepresents poll results. He has been so wrong &amp; he hates it!
Just sit back and watch ObamaCare is such a disaster it will fall like a house of broken cards. The website is the best part of this mess!
Beautiful evening in Kinston North Carolina - thank you! Get out and VOTE!! You can watch tonight's rally here:… 
I'll be on @foxandfriends Monday morning at 7:30 AM. Tune in!
“If winning isn't everything why do they keep score?” - Vince Lombardi
Great job by Rush Limbaugh on @foxandfriends!
Biden's statements on Medicare are very effective. Ryan must now come back and combat. #VPDebate
If @DannyZuker competed against me and.won (which not too many people do) he could win millions of $'s for himself or his charity!
Tonight I will be on @FoxNews with @SeanHannity at 10pm and @CNN w/ @AndersonCooper at 10:10pm. Enjoy! #VoteTrumpSC #Trump2016
We are completely ready for hurricane Florence as the storm gets even larger and more powerful. Be careful!
The  @SuperCommittee must cut spending not raise taxes. Washington has a spending problem not a revenue problem.
Can you believe--they are blaming @MittRomney for Egypt.
The polls are really looking good—#1 everywhere despite all lobbyist &amp; special interest $ being spent against me. I’m turning down millions.
Funny to hear the Democrats talking about the National Debt when President Obama doubled it in only 8 years!
The Senate should be more concerned about actually passing a budget than spreading lies about @MittRomney's taxes.
Really sad! 
To all my fans sorry I couldn’t do The Apprentice any longer—but equal time (presidential run) prohibits me from doing so. Love!
It is amazing how the Fake News Media became “crazed” over the chant “send her back” by a packed Arena (a record) crowd in the Great State of North Carolina but is totally calm &amp; accepting of the most vile and disgusting statements made by the three Radical Left Congresswomen...
What I am saying is that we never should have been in Iraq in the first place. Bush was terrible Obama is worse! Make America GREAT again.
Mini Mike is part of the Fake News. They are all working together. In fact Bloomberg isn’t covering himself (too boring to do) or other Dems. Only Trump. That sounds fair! It’s all the Fake News Media and that’s why nobody believes in them any more.
Success tip: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
I hear that Fake News CNN just reported that I am isolated in the White House wondering out loud “when will life return to normal?” Does anybody really believe that? There was no leak they made it up – they are CORRUPT &amp; FAKE NEWS....
The job plan by @BarackObama is nothing more than a second stimulus. The first failed and so will this one.
Real unemployment is 20%. We must simplify the tax code and start making our own products again to bring our jobs back from overseas.
“Impeachment’s over!”@TerryMoran @ABCPolitics 
We don't need another stimulus. The first one was a complete failure. Why repeat the same mistake?
To show you how shallow politicians can be many are jealous of my @CPACnews speaking slot &amp; also their fellow Republicans! Not good!
Deputy A.G. Rod Rosenstein stated at the News Conference: “There is no allegation in the indictment that any American was a knowing participant in this illegal activity. There is no allegation in the indictment that the charged conduct altered the outcome of the 2016 election.
“When your making an unsubstantiated charge that the President of the United States is making a request having to do with quid pro quo this witness has blown a big hole into that statement.The Ambassador put a dagger in the heart of Schiffs fairytale.”  Rep. Lee Zeldin @FoxNews
My @foxandfriends interview discussing the @nyjets acquisition of @TimTebow and the timing of @RepPaulRyan's plan 
“We already have a smoking gun about a campaign getting dirt on their opponent it was Hillary Clinton. How is it OK for Hillary Clinton to proactively seek dirt from the Russians but the Trump campaign met at the Russians request and that is bad?” Marc Thiessen Washington Post
Romney Ryan Slam Obama Administration on China Currency Manipulation  via @ABC
Work Underway on First New Trump Course in Dubai; Second Course in Planning  via @CybergolfNews
Veterans please call 855- VETS- 352 or email address veterans@donaldtrump.com to share your stories about the need to reform the VA.
The best vision is insight. -- Malcolm Forbes
Without the phony Russia Witch Hunt and with all that we have accomplished in the last almost two years (Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts Judge’s Military Vets etc.) my approval rating would be at 75% rather than the 50% just reported by Rasmussen. It’s called Presidential Harassment!
Law enforcement &amp; military did a spectacular job in Hamburg. Everybody felt totally safe despite the anarchists. @PolizeiHamburg #G20Summit
Beautiful @MissUSA in @NewYorkPost tomorrow as Audrey Hepburn in front of Tiffany's.
As Iran began the process of taking over Iraq many people wanted me to say that “I told you so!” – so I told you so.
Great comeback by Tom Brady-New England!
Reckless! Why is @BarackObama wasting over $70 Billion on 'climate change activities?' Will he ever learn? 
Great poll Florida - thank you! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
Nice mention by Brian Kelly  Conservative Action Alerts
Yet another terrorist attack today in Israel -- a father shot at by a Palestinian terrorist was killed while:
Did you ever see a situation so ridiculous as our President explaining what when and where to Congress about a Syrian attack. Far too late!
Senate concludes “Benghazi could have been prevented” 
#TrumpVlog Obama- stop chewing gum! 
....In any event it goes on and on &amp; the new AG who is now being replaced by yet another AG (who openly campaigned on a GET TRUMP agenda) does little else but rant rave &amp; politic against me. Will never be treated fairly by these people - a total double standard of “justice.”
I really like the Koch Brothers (members of my P.B. Club) but I don't want their money or anything else from them. Cannot influence Trump!
If you want more you have to require more from yourself. -- Dr. Phil McGraw
'Scandals surround Clinton's gatekeeper at State'#DrainTheSwamp 
Lou Dobbs: “This cannot go forward...this Special Councel with all of his conflicts with his 17 Angry Democrats without any evidence of collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia. The Dems are the ones who should be investigated.” Thank you Lou so true!
Can the relationship between the mayor of New York City and the police force ever be fixed?  Tune in to @foxandfriends at 7:15.
Ratings for #MissUniverse pageant were highest in 4 years. @NBC likes me (and I like them!)
The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of our Country! 
Thank you to KenStarr former Independent Counsel Whitewater for your insight and powerful words on FISA abuse Russian meddling etc. Really great interview with @MariaBartiromo
Via @washingtonpost: "The Donald's video should have trumped Eastwood" by @CapehartJ  
Departing @JBA_NAFW for St. Charles Missouri to help push our plan for HISTORIC TAX CUTS across the finish line.A successful vote in the Senate this week will bring us one giant step closer to delivering an incredible victory for the American people! 
.@HillaryClinton has been a foreign policy DISASTER for the American people. I will #MakeAmericaStrongAgain #Debate… 
In that @TimeWarner has @HBO with really dumb racist  Bryant Gumbel(and I mean dumb) and no CBS (which fired Bryant) I am switching bldgs.
Republican Senators have a very easy vote this week. It is about Border Security and the Wall (stopping Crime Drugs etc.) not Constitutionality and Precedent. It is an 80% positive issue. The Dems are 100% United as usual on a 20% issue Open Borders and Crime. Get tough R’s!
The pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity and the optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. - Pres. Lincoln
Real @FoxNews is doing great Fake News CNN is dead! 
One of the reasons Hillary hid her emails was so the public wouldn't see how she got rich- selling out America. 
We mourn the horrifying terrorist attack in NYC. All of America is praying and grieving for the families who lost their precious loved ones. 
Thank you @RandPaul. “The President has gone through a year and a half of totally partisan investigations - what’s he supposed to think?”
China is heavily investing in building its own jet engine   They will end up stealing the design from us as usual.
Join me this Wednesday in Phoenix Arizona at 6pm! #ImWithYouTickets:  
.@MittRomney looks much calmer and Obama should stop nodding his head backwards and forward.
He knows he won't have to spend much: @JonHuntsman has offered to match any donation dollar for dollar.
Thank you @RandPaul you really get it! “The President has gone through a year and a half of totally partisan investigations - what’s he supposed think?”
V.P. Mike Pence will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
My interview with Greta last night on Fox News -- "Nation Has Become "All Talk No Action' "  
Sleepy eyed @chucktodd thinks Las Vegas is a state--see @todayshow this morning.
Thank you Wilmington North Carolina. We are 3 days away from the CHANGE you've been waiting for your entire life!… 
Couldn’t let these great people down. They have been lined up since last night - see you soon Pennsylvania! 
Credit the Bloomberg administration for having the foresight and courage to get this decades old project finished - will be BIG for NY.
When will the unemployment numbers be corrected? Sadly after the election!
Happy Birthday to my friend @garyplayer...
The stock market and US dollar are both plunging today.  Welcome to @BarackObama’s second term.
Our prayers are with those affected by the flooding in Japan. We commend the rescue efforts and offer condolences to all who were injured or lost loved ones. 
These flyers depict Australia’s policy on Illegal Immigration. Much can be learned! 
I look forward to attending &amp; speaking at the Iowa Land Investment Expo—total sellout crowd  @PeoplesCompany

Pathetic--@BarackObama is 'sweetening' his offer to the Taliban  Read 'The Art of The Deal.'
The failure of the "Super Committee" shows Washington has truly incompetent leaders. #TimeToGetTough
As of September 30th we have a record trade deficit with China of over $217Billion. They are ripping us off.  #TimeToGetTough
Via @latimes’ @LATshowtracker:“Monday's TV Highlights:@ApprenticeNBCon @nbc”
Alex Acosta informed me this morning that he felt the constant drumbeat of press about a prosecution which took place under his watch more than 12 years ago was bad for the Administration which he so strongly believes in and he graciously tendered his resignation....
Remember Russia still has Snowden. When are we going to bring that piece of human garbage back home to stand trial? He caused great damage!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
We are no longer silent. We are energized &amp; ready to take our country back. Let’s Make America Great Again! 
.@MariaBartiromo has a GREAT show going on right now 10:00 A.M. Fantastic guests talk about the Fake Impeachment!  @FoxNews
Thank you Brian Krzanich CEO of @Intel. A great investment ($7 BILLION) in American INNOVATION and JOBS!… 
Off shore windfarms being abandoned in droves throughout world—too expensive to build &amp; operate—don’t work. (cont) 
.@TuckerCarlson speaking of John Brennan: “How did somebody so obviously limited intellectually get to be CIA Director in the first place?” Now that is a really good question! Then followed by “Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut is a FAKE War Hero...” So true a total Fake!
Entrepreneurs:  Stay focused and be tenacious. Pay attention to people who know what they're talking about. Stay fixed on your goals!
Thank you St. Louis Missouri! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain # 
Emails prove WH knew ObamaCare website wouldn't work in October -- why didn't they delay the launch?  
The Fed should not do another 'stimulus.' We can't keep spending our children's future away on waste.
Part 2 of my @jimmyfallon interview giving away some @CelebApprentice spoilers &amp; discussing 2012 Miss Universe Pageant 
Going to Charleston South Carolina in order to spend time with Boeing and talk jobs! Look forward to it.
Why isn't anyone using the @CNN Iowa Poll with me having a big lead. They only want to use the one negative poll (2nd place).Dishonest press
ObamaCare's tax credit is underperforming by over 95% creating an even bigger cost to the debt  It must be repealed!
.@alexsalmond @pressjournal RT @djkevritch  im proud to be scottish but bonnie scotland will soon be a thing of the past w/ these windmills
I absolutely support Kate’s Law—in honor of the beautiful Kate Steinle who was gunned down in SF by an illegal immigrant.
Remember when "comedian" Bill Maher openly praised the disgusting terrorists who destroyed the World Trade Center-then got canned by ABC?
.@GiulianaRancic &amp; @nickjonas are co-hosting Miss USA 2013 -- Sunday night at 9 PM ET on NBC. @JonasBrothers will be performing. Tune in!
They are great people! 
I am looking into 3-D Plastic Guns being sold to the public. Already spoke to NRA doesn’t seem to make much sense!
#CelebApprentice With three wonderful but fired contestants- 
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning. Don't waste time treading water.
Watch the first #TrumpVine re: Anthony Weiner- 
America's men &amp; women in uniform is the story of FREEDOM overcoming OPPRESSION the STRONG protecting the WEAK &amp; G… 
It's @BarackObama--who wants to raise all our taxes--who applauds China for cutting their taxes! (cont) 
National African American History Month is an occasion to rediscover the enduring stories of African Americans and the gifts of freedom purpose and opportunity they have bestowed on future generations...
Losers such as George Will and @Rosie use me to get publicity for themselves. They are strictly third rate.
Priorities. While Obama wastes billions on a broken website he is going to cut military pay  No surprise.
The U.S. Senate should switch to 51 votes immediately and get Healthcare and TAX CUTS approved fast and easy. Dems would do it no doubt!
The wacky Ambassador that the U.K. foisted upon the United States is not someone we are thrilled with a very stupid guy. He should speak to his country and Prime Minister May about their failed Brexit negotiation and not be upset with my criticism of how badly it was...
I'm sick of always reading about outsourcing. Why aren't we talking about 'onshoring'? (cont) 
I will be interviewed by  @seanhannity tonight at 10:00 on @FoxNews . Much much much to talk about!
With the signature services of Trump Attaché @TrumpWaikiki brings premiere luxury to the white sands of Waikiki 
Saudi Arabia has now agreed to spend the necessary money needed to help rebuild Syria instead of the United States. See? Isn’t it nice when immensely wealthy countries help rebuild their neighbors rather than a Great Country the U.S. that is 5000 miles away. Thanks to Saudi A!
....U.S. in order to avoid paying the 25% Tariff. Like Mexican companies will move back to the United States once the Tariff reaches the higher levels. They took many of our companies &amp; jobs the foolish Pols let it happen and now they will come back unless Mexico stops the.....
.@NBCNews is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny cast is terrible always a complete hit job. Really bad television!
Congratulations to Attorney General Bill Barr for taking charge of a case that was totally out of control and perhaps should not have even been brought. Evidence now clearly shows that the Mueller Scam was improperly brought &amp; tainted. Even Bob Mueller lied to Congress!
My kids never negatively discussed my criticism of President Obama with me or anyone...it's not in their nature!
Obama through his cronies said the Keysyone pipeline was "not political" - how much can one man lie about even the most obvious things?
Gas prices are soaring. $4.12 in CA. OPEC is laughing at how stupid we are.
I knew Chris Matthews when he was sane and quite honestly wonderful. Now he's gone off the deep end as an Obama surrogate. @hardball_chris
Only high crimes and misdemeanors can lead to impeachment. There were no crimes by me (No Collusion No Obstruction) so you can’t impeach. It was the Democrats that committed the crimes not your Republican President! Tables are finally turning on the Witch Hunt!
Farmers will be a a very BIG and FAST beneficiary of our deal with China. They intend to start purchasing agricultural product immediately. We make the finest and cleanest product in the World and that is what China wants. Farmers I LOVE YOU!
Convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow. Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary and the rigged system under which we live.
The ill-conceived windfarm that @AlexSalmond is pushing for Aberdeen will lose $50 million a year. Only a fool would build it or want it!
Great defense by the @nyjets this weekend—congratulations to @woodyjohnson4—only 6 points allowed!
AP headline was very different from my quote and meaning in the story. They just can’t help themselves. FAKE NEWS!
Can you believe that the Radical Left Democrats want to do our new and very important Census Report without the all important Citizenship Question. Report would be meaningless and a waste of the $Billions (ridiculous) that it costs to put together!
Great shot by @KingJames yesterday. Lebron is a tough competitor who delivers under pressure.
....Sanctions come off Iran and they become a productive and prosperous nation again - The sooner the better!
So many great endorsements yesterday except for Paul Ryan! We must put America first and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Stock Market could hit all-time high (again) 22000 today. Was 18000 only 6 months ago on Election Day. Mainstream media seldom mentions!
Lines for my @CPACnews address start at 7:00AM outside the Potomac Ballroom. ACU has asked that you get there early. #CPAC2013
ObamaCare is a failure. Costs are rising much faster under Obama than other Presidents.
Hard to believe Obstructionists May vote against Mike Pompeo for Secretary of State. The Dems will not approve hundreds of good people including the Ambassador to Germany. They are maxing out the time on approval process for all never happened before. Need more Republicans!

....On top of it all Germany just started paying Russia the country they want protection from Billions of Dollars for their Energy needs coming out of a new pipeline from Russia. Not acceptable! All NATO Nations must meet their 2% commitment and that must ultimately go to 4%!
Won’t be a buyer’s market for long. If you can purchase a home but remember I told you this three years ago.
I look forward to my press conference on Weds of next week @TrumpTurnberry to discuss changes &amp; big investment I'll make. Very exciting!
The road to success is always under construction.  -- Arnold Palmer
I'm really glad that @MittRomney no longer says what a nice guy @BarackObama is.
So much interest in my visit to Scotland! I greatly look forward to attending the opening event @TrumpTurnberry- taking place on June 24th.
If we did all the things we are capable of we would literally astound ourselves. -- Thomas Edison
General John Kelly is doing a fantastic job as Chief of Staff. There is tremendous spirit and talent in the W.H. Don't believe the Fake News
Over 90% of American workers could lose their healthcare by 2020 thanks to ObamaCare. Repeal before it is too late!
While @BarackObama is slashing the military he is also negotiating with our sworn enemy the Taliban--who facilitated 9/11.
Obama is without question the WORST EVER president. I predict he will now do something really bad and totally stupid to show manhood!
...But while Dallas dropped to it knees as a team they ALL stood up for our National Anthem. Big progress being made - we love our country!
Thank you Ari! 
“Jerry Nadler is not entitled to this information. He is doing this to get it to the Democrat 2020 nominee.” @KatiePavlich
I will be on Face The Nation this morning at various times across the U.S. @CBSNews  Enjoy!
.@katyperry  I watched Russell Brand and I think his mind is fried - he looks really bad. Russell is a total joke a dummy who is lost!
Every economic climate whether an uptick or downturn presents new opportunities and challenges.
Whatever happened to Obama's 'independent investigation' into national security leaks from his administration? Where's the media?
I promoted the hell out of Trump Tower but I also had a great product. - The Art of the Deal
Initial reports say 2nd debate viewership dropped. See what happens when I am not mentioned.
.@MissUniverse visited my office- tall and beautiful! 
Experience knowledge and prescience are a formidable combination of powers. Do not underestimate them. - Think Like a Champion
Why won't @BarackObama repeal the Defense of Marriage Act if he supports gay marriage?   He is gaming the issue.
I put @DonnyDeutsch on Apprentice at his request I did his failed cable show as a favor to him then he knocks me for my Obama announcement.
I would like to thank @GolfMagazine for the really nice review of Trump National Doral - Best Renovation of the Year (and maybe all time).
Thank you Katie! 
“The lowest average jobs number for any President since 1951 4.1%. Economy doing great. If the Democrats win it is all over.” @Varneyco  @foxandfriends  I agree!
Wife Huma wants @RepWeiner to "pull a @billclinton by giving a tell-all interview." Unlike Clinton Anthony is a sick puppy.
Thank you! #TrumpWon #MAGA 
....Chariman Kim has a great and beautiful vision for his country and only the United States with me as President can make that vision come true. He will do the right thing because he is far too smart not to and he does not want to disappoint his friend President Trump!
Dress your best! The Trump Signature Collection exclusively available @Macys offers the tops style in menswear 
Great Tax Cut rollout today. The lobbyists are storming Capital Hill but the Republicans will hold strong and do what is right for America!
Great to be in Charlotte North Carolina as we expand and grow this unprecedented economic momentum. Today we launched a brand new nationwide campaign to revitalize under-served cities and towns across America – it’s called OPPORTUNITY NOW! 
Will be signing the biggest ever Tax Cut and Reform Bill in 30 minutes in Oval Office. Will also be signing a much needed 4 billion dollar missile defense bill.
Just watched a very insecure Oprah Winfrey who at one point I knew very well interview a panel of people on 60 Minutes. The questions were biased and slanted the facts incorrect. Hope Oprah runs so she can be exposed and defeated just like all of the others!
Via @StarsEntLive by Nick Ricko: “@kevinjonas @IanZiering In Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC First Look” 
#ICYMI- on Monday I had the great honor of welcoming India's Prime Minister @narendramodi to the WH. Full Remarks:… 
THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA! #KAG2020 
I am going to give @Rosie a pass.  @Rosie is desperate to get back on TV so she can be on yet another show that can be quickly canceled.
Has anyone looked at the mistakes that John Brennan made while serving as CIA Director? He will go down as easily the WORST in history &amp; since getting out he has become nothing less than a loudmouth partisan political hack who cannot be trusted with the secrets to our country!
I have a surprise for a really special kid on Thursday’s episode of @KatieShow with @KatieCouric: 
“Not the Senate’s job to mop up the mess made in the House by the Democrats. Biden admitted that he went to Ukraine and did the Quid Pro Quo.” @SteveScalise  @FoxNews
Yom Kippur blessings to all of my friends in Israel and around the world. #YomKippur
Mr. Cohen an attorney received a monthly retainer not from the campaign and having nothing to do with the campaign from which he entered into through reimbursement a private contract between two parties known as a non-disclosure agreement or NDA. These agreements are.....
Thank you Jason Greenblatt @JasonDovEsq "For Our Children: Let's Elect Donald Trump"  
Congress get ready to do your job - DACA!
...accountability say the Governor. Electric and all infrastructure was disaster before hurricanes. Congress to decide how much to spend....

Every dollar @BarackObama spends costs $1.40 with interest borrowed from China on our children and grandchildren's backs. CUT-CAP-BALANCE!
Scaramucci who like so many others had nothing to do with my Election victory is only upset that I didn’t want him back in the Administration (where he desperately wanted to be). Also I seldom had time to return his many calls to me. He just wanted to be on TV!
Two incredible people. I can’t believe they’re not working (few work harder)! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Remember save your evening to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 - increased to a full two hours - great episode - watch Gary B.
This was the originally projected path of the Hurricane in its early stages. As you can see almost all models predicted it to go through Florida also hitting Georgia and Alabama. I accept the Fake News apologies! 
“Did George Bush ever condemn President Obama after Sandy Hook. President Obama had 32 mass shootings during his reign. Not many people said Obama is out of Control. Mass shootings were happening before the President even thought about running for Pres.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends
My interview from yesterday with #Apprentice Andy on @AmericaNowRadio 
#TBT With the cast of GoodFellas 
So sad to see that New York City and State are falling apart. All they want to do is investigate to make me hate them even more than I should. Governor Cuomo has lost control and lost his mind. Very bad for the homeless and all!
740 Park Avenue is being robbed all over the place--we come down hard on thieves at Trump buildings.
Will go down in history as worst Speaker. Already thrown out once! 
Wow! “In a stunning rebuke of the FBI the FISA court severly chastised the FBI for the FISA abuses brought to light in the recent Inspector General’s Report. There were at least 17 significant errors.” @FoxNews Statement by the Court was long and tough. Means my case was a SCAM!
With Joan Rivers and ivankatrump from last night's great boardroom! 
I will be interviewed by @TheBrodyFile on @CBNNews tonight at 11pm. Enjoy!
We are going to have a wild time in Alabama tonight! Finally the silent majority is back! 
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool...
No amnesty. Protect the rule of law! Let’s Make America Great Again 
Hillary Clinton is weak on illegal immigration among many other things. She is strong on corruption - corruption is what she's best at!
I love the White House one of the most beautiful buildings (homes) I have ever seen. But Fake News said I called it a dump - TOTALLY UNTRUE
Obama now just wants to save face Russia is now telling him "don't do it". He waited too long and the other side is much better prepared.

Pervert Anthony Wiener will never be able to get away from his perversion-the cure rate is ZERO.
NYC is under constant threat from Jihadists &amp; violent criminals. Stop &amp; Frisk keeps streets &amp; subways safe.Stand strong Ray Kelly
Watch @Seanhannity tonight on his show Hannity Fox News at 9 pm.  I'll be on and we'll cover the Wall Stree… (cont) 
Melania and I just had interview with the legendary @BarbaraJWalters. Watch #abc2020 this Friday. Tonight we talk ISIS @WNTonight
I was actually sticking up for Sleepy Joe Biden while on foreign soil. Kim Jong Un called him a “low IQ idiot” and many other things whereas I related the quote of Chairman Kim as a much softer “low IQ individual.” Who could possibly be upset with that?
To the great people of Alabama and surrounding areas: Please be careful and safe. Tornadoes and storms were truly violent and more could be coming. To the families and friends of the victims and to the injured God bless you all!
.@melaniatrump will be on @theviewtv today at 11am ET discussing @apprenticenbc #celebapprentice &amp; her  skin care collection. Tune in!
Wow the MSM is really going after me. 12000 in Sarasota a love fest hardly a mention. Only one negativity - they only want negatives!
Thank you @foxandfriends. Really great job and show!
I want to thank @RealSheriffJoe for all of his help in our historic Arizona win. Could not have done it without you Joe!
Very honored: "Trump Is Tops As Clinton Drops In Connecticut Primaries Quinnipiac University Poll Finds"     
Obviously the European Union as represented by @JunckerEU and the United States as represented by yours truly love each other! 
The Jets should have let them score to get the number one draft pick who will be really good. It will just never change for them!
Good move by @MSNBC in downgrading @WeGotEd to a dead weekend spot. This is truly a guy who shouldn't be on tv.
Windmills are destroying every country they touch--- and the energy is unreliable and terrible. 
Autism WAY UP - I believe in vaccinations but not massive all at once shots. Too much for small child to handle. Govt. should stop NOW!
Why hasn't Obama created jobs?
....On 18 to 21 Age Limits watching court cases and rulings before acting. States are making this decision. Things are moving rapidly on this but not much political support (to put it mildly).
Here we go again another Con Job by the Do Nothing Democrats. All of this work was supposed to be done by the House not the Senate!
Crooked Hillary Clinton perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency is also one of the all time great enablers!
Do you think John Kerry is aware of the fact that they are building nuclear weapons in Iran and North Korea and  Pakistan already has them!!
Watch Kasich squirm --- if he is not truthful in his negative ads I will sue him just for fun!
“The lesser of two Socialists is still a Socialist!” Senator John Kennedy of Louisiana
Greg Murphy is a big winner in North Carolina 03. Much bigger margins than originally anticipated. Congratulations Greg!
Big day on Thursday for Indiana and the great workers of that wonderful state.We will keep our companies and jobs in the U.S. Thanks Carrier
Little Marco Rubio is just another Washington D.C. politician that is all talk and no action. #RobotRubio 
Trace and his team raised an amazing amount of $.  Looks like a good season for charities.
Gas prices are the lowest in the U.S. in over ten years! I would like to see them go even lower.
When candidate John Kasich on the @oreillyfactor talked about dismantling Medicare and Medicaid he was referring to Ben Carson.
“Trump Economy Breaks Holiday Shopping Records.” @FoxNews

Check out OAN and compare to what you are watching now!
America needs to rebuild our infrastructure. Why are we sending trillions overseas when our own roads bridge… (cont) 
Be sure to look for my beautiful wife Melania Trump tonight on QVC at 9 pm ET where she will be debuting her fantastic jewelry collection.
We will defend our people our nations and our civilization from all who dare to threaten our way of life...cont:  
Thank you Arizona! With your help your devotion and your drive we are going to keep on working we are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep ON WINNING! America is thriving like never before and the BEST IS YET TO COME! 
The Democrats should stop talking about what I should do with North Korea and ask themselves instead why they didn’t do “it” during eight years of the Obama Administration?
Together we will prevail in the GREAT state of Texas. We love you!GOD BLESS TEXAS &amp; GOD BLESS THE USA🇺🇸 
Republicans are going to fight harder than ever to win back the House because of what the Do Nothing Democrats have done to our Country!
What took so long to catch only 1 of the Benghazi terrorists? Especially after the killer has been taunting the US in the press f/2 yrs.
If the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. (Bernie) media would go wild
Sen. Corker is the incompetent head of the Foreign Relations Committee &amp; look how poorly the U.S. has done. He doesn't have a clue as.....
Just watched @NBCNightlyNews - So biased inaccurate and bad point after point. Just can't get much worse although @CNN is right up there!
It's time for another #MAGA rally. Join me in Duluth Minnesota on Wednesday June 20th at 6:30pm!Tickets➜ 
“Who better than @RepRatcliffe who got to the bottom of the FISAGATE &amp; RUSSIAGATE HOAX. It makes a lot of sense to put John Ratcliffe in there (DNI).The Senate should quickly approve him. @DevinNunes @MariaBartiromo  John will do a great job for the American people!

I’ve always defended @jayleno but he never defends me. He's not a loyal person &amp; I now understand why everybody dumped him. Jay sucks!
With that being said I have personally directed the fix to the unmasking process since taking office and today’s vote is about foreign surveillance of foreign bad guys on foreign land. We need it! Get smart!
Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the endorsement. Very much appreciated. Clinton's conduct has been "disqualifying."
Can you believe that Ted Cruz who has been killing our country on trade for so long just put out a Wisconsin ad talking about trade?
The Republicans are funding ObamaCare and Amnesty. Obama beats them.  
“Had the information (Crooked Hillary’s emails) been released there would have been harm to National Security...."Charles McCulloughFmr Intel Comm Inspector General 
Still a buyer’s market but somewhat fragile.  Be sure to calculate the risk of rising rates coming sooner than you think!
#LasVegasStrong #USA🇺🇸🎥
“The Democrats are trashing this President &amp; in the process trashing the U.S. Constitution. Frankly the American People need to wake up to the reality that the Democrats are so drunk on power that they’re willing to destroy this Constitutional Republic.” @GrahamLedger @OANN
“@joerepublic1 @mckaycoppins  how nice of this punk with a pen to call a truce after he tries to show u up w/his bs!"  True thx
They succeed because they think they can. -- Virgil
Lance Armstrong fought for 7 years &amp; then just ran out of energy. Very sad story--although they caught him red handed.He definitely cheated!
Little Marco Rubio the lightweight no show Senator from Florida is set to be the "puppet" of the special interest Koch brothers. WATCH!
Really good news! 
...And this despite Fake Witch Hunts the Mueller Scam the Impeachment Hoax etc. With our Economy Jobs Military Vets 2A &amp; more I would be at 70%. Oh well what can you do? 
VOTER REGISTRATION DEADLINES TODAY. You can register now at:  and get out to… 
Now @BarackObama is planning to have we the taxpayers pay off mortgages--he will spend this country into the ground. 
The Failing New York Times foiled U.S. attempt to kill the single most wanted terroristAl-Baghdadi.Their sick agenda over National Security
Democrats just announced that they no longer want the Whistleblower to testify. But everything was about the Whistleblower (they no longer want the second Whistleblower either) which they don’t want because the account of my call bore NO RELATIONSHIP to the call itself.....
Incredible handheld video of the Las Vegas Strip in 1969. The skyline looks better with @TrumpLasVegas!  
Thank you Green Bay Wisconsin! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
Looking forward to keynoting the @NCGOP #NCGOPcon dinner tomorrow night!  @NCGOP is a top state party!
Thank you to President Moon of South Korea for the beautiful welcoming ceremony. It will always be remembered. 
True! 
.@TraceAdkins- the winner of @ApprenticeNBC after last night's victory- 
You have to know when to call it quits and when to keep moving forward. --Donald J. Trump 
Senator Marco "amnesty" Rubio who has worst voting record in Senate just hit me on national security-but I said don't go into Iraq. VISION
Via  @shinysheet: "Mar-a-Lago to host top equestrian jumpers: Trump Invitational will benefit 90 area charities." 
Last night Melania and I attended the Skating with the Stars Gala at Wollman Rink in Central Park it was fantastic. Stay tuned for Part 2..
What a great night. Thank you South Carolina a special place with truly amazing people! LOVE
Seems hard to believe that @Facebook could be worth that much--be careful if you invest. And Mark Zuckerberg--get a pre-nup.
Today it was my great honor to deliver the 2018 Commencement Address at the United States @NavalAcademy in Annapolis Maryland. Congratulations!Good luck. Godspeed. And ANCHORS AWEIGH! 

I am leaving for Sioux City Iowa - great event (rally).
Thank you very much! 
Now that Mitt is gone all we have to do is get Bush to drop out and Trump to run—and we will win!
.@canoetravel  Also the very obsolete ugly and expensive wind turbines will never be build in Aberdeen. No longer works. @GolfChannel
Great crowd in Fletcher North Carolina- thank you! Heading to Johnstown Pennsylvania now! Get out on November 8th… 
Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also much easier &amp; quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better faster and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted or go to new source!
Some exciting news--the newest acquisition of Trump Golf--Trump National Golf Club Charlotte NC formerly The (cont) 
....they are Anti-Semitic they are Anti-America we don’t need to know anything about them personally talk about their policies. I think they are American citizens who are duly elected that are running on an agenda that is disgusting that the American people will reject......

Thank you Clint! 
“To declassify is so important because if this were a Democrat President or a Democrat Candidate that was spied on the way President Trump was spied on this would be a scandal that would make Watergate look like nothing. Illegal spying.....
I think Senator Blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in Vietnam where he lied about his service so he can at least say he was there
BUILD A WALL &amp; CRIME WILL FALL! This is the new theme for two years until the Wall is finished (under construction now) of the Republican Party. Use it and pray!
So the Democrats make up a phony crime Collusion with the Russians pay a fortune to make the crime sound real illegally leak (Comey) classified information so that a Special Councel will be appointed and then Collude to make this pile of garbage take on life in Fake News!
“I mean come on. The Democrats are doing focus groups to try and figure out what words to use to move the needle. The Democrats know this is political and they’re just trying to drag Trump’s name into the mud!” Lisa Booth @foxandfriends Thank you Lisa!
If you are planning to visit the world famous Trump Tower Atrium be sure to come early.  During the holiday season it is packed by 10AM
The weather has been so cold for so long that the global warming HOAXSTERS were forced to change the name to climate change to keep $ flow!
Nervous Nancy Pelosi is doing everything possible to destroy the Republican Party. Our Polls show that it is going to be just the opposite. The Do Nothing Dems will lose many seats in 2020. They have a Death Wish led by a corrupt politician Adam Schiff!
Thank you @TuckerCarlson @KimStrassel! 
North Korea fired off some small weapons which disturbed some of my people and others but not me. I have confidence that Chairman Kim will keep his promise to me &amp; also smiled when he called Swampman Joe Biden a low IQ individual &amp; worse. Perhaps that’s sending me a signal?
A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas. People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on?
....at which time the Tariffs will be removed. Details from the White House to follow.
The United States has strongly informed the President of Honduras that if the large Caravan of people heading to the U.S. is not stopped and brought back to Honduras no more money or aid will be given to Honduras effective immediately!
The @erictrumpfdn Golf Invitational featuring a performance by @BretMichaels was a great event. Enjoy the video.... 
If the Democrats don’t give us the votes to change our weak ineffective and dangerous Immigration Laws we must fight hard for these votes in the 2020 Election!
We need economic growth and jobs not blue ribbon panels to study the problem.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY - to the United States Air Force!! 
4.2 million hard working Americans have already received a large Bonus and/or Pay Increase because of our recently Passed Tax Cut &amp; Jobs Bill....and it will only get better! We are far ahead of schedule.
I like John McCain but we have to start rebuilding the United States instead of countries who hate us and want us to fail - be smart!
....Russia has agreed to help with North Korea where relationships with us are very good and the process is moving along. There is no rush the sanctions remain! Big benefits and exciting future for North Korea at end of process!
A design of our Steel Slat Barrier which is totally effective while at the same time beautiful! 
It was just determined that the woman who passed out at Obama’s press conference had just seen what her new premiums would be!
The Governor of Puerto Rico Ricardo Rossello is a great guy and leader who is really working hard. Thank you Ricky!
I made a lot of money in Atlantic City and left 7 years ago great timing (as all know). Pols made big mistakes now many bankruptcies.
It’s Monday. How many fundraisers will Obama hold today?
We blow up the famous Blue Monster at Trump National Doral on.Monday in order to build a spectacular new bigger and better Blue Monster!
It’s been great making so many new friends at Trump @DoralResort for the @CadillacChamp. Good luck to everyone!
THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE HAS AFTER A 14 MONTH LONG IN-DEPTH INVESTIGATION FOUND NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION OR COORDINATION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA TO INFLUENCE THE 2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION.
Thank you Mike! 
The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart. Bad people are very happy!
I don’t like seeing the Pope standing at the checkout counter (front desk) of a hotel in order to pay his bill. It’s not Pope-like!
Great lineup on @FoxNews tonight with @JesseBWatters @JudgeJeanine and &amp; @greggutfeld. All starts at 8:00 P.M. Will be discussing and explaining the Impeachment Hoax!
Thank you Rep. @MarshaBlackburn! 
Lindsey Graham is all over T.V. much like failed 47% candidate Mitt Romney. These nasty angry jealous  failures have ZERO credibility!
From my family to yours...I want to wish you all a very merry Christmas!
We're spending a fortune looking for the lost plane with mostly Chinese passengers and that's OK-but how much are Russia &amp; China spending?
“I often get asked the question well isn’t the President going to be stronger and harder to beat if he survives this? The answer is yes but the Congress has no choice it has a Constitutional responsibility.” Joe Biden pres. candidate. Even Joe agrees with us! @foxandfriends
I am speaking today at the National Press Club totally sold out and will then be inspecting The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue!
If you're going to think--think big --- The Art of the Deal
I have over seven million hits on social media re Crooked Hillary Clinton. Check it out Sleepy Eyes @MarkHalperin @NBCPolitics
China is happy to learn that @BarackObama plans to borrow another $300 Billion. @BarackObama is their favorite client.
Thank you to the Robb Report The Best of the Best issue for just naming Trump International Golf Links the Best New Golf Course In World!
Big meeting today with Republican leadership concerning Tax Cuts and Healthcare. We are all pushing hard - must get it right!

Our courageous and vigilant Armed Forces safeguard the blessings of liberty for us and for future generations by selflessly answering the call of duty. Today and every day we acknowledge and celebrate all who proudly wear our Nation’s uniforms!  
Our great country has been divided for decades. Sometimes you need protest in order to heel &amp; we will heel &amp; be stronger than ever before!
Obama has zero credibility on oil and coal. If we do not win energy as a country we just do not win period!
Getting to the point is appreciated by everyone. Here's some advice for public speaking: "Be sincere; be brief; be seated."  F.D. Roosevelt
Wisconsin's economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in U.S. jobs are leaving. I will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs
#ICYMI: I agree- To all Americans I see you &amp; I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to #DrainTheSwamp with me on 11/8.… 
Kevin McCarthy @GOPLeader “The President’s Tweets were not Racist. The controversy over the tweets is ALL POLITICS. I will vote against this resolution.”  Thank you Kevin!
Goodnight everyone sleep tight!
The Fake News is saying that I am willing to meet with Iran “No Conditions.” That is an incorrect statement (as usual!).
Congratulations to @ABC News for suspending Brian Ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the Russia Russia Russia Witch Hunt. More Networks and “papers” should do the same with their Fake News!
“Consider the fact that for every gallon of gas you put in your car you pay 45.8 cents in state local and federal taxes.” #TimeToGetTough
WITCH HUNT!
Thanks to @pnehlen for your kind words very much appreciated.
“A lot of small &amp; medium size enterprises are registering very good profit sometimes record profits-there stocks are doing very well low income workers are getting big raises. There are an awful lot of good things going on that weren’t during Pres. Obama’s Watch.” Peter Morici
...(Democrats said I never met) and released the military aid to Ukraine without any conditions or investigations - and far ahead of schedule. I also allowed Ukraine to purchase Javelin anti-tank missiles. My Administration has done far more than the previous Administration.
Why does Obama continue to release the worst of the worst from Gitmo?! Look at Paris and wake up!
The tournament at Trump National Doral was much more exciting than what is going on now!
Via @CarrGaz: “Trump’s grand plans for @TrumpTurnberry resort get the green light” 
There is only one way to stop this Democrat-Led assault on our sovereignty – you have to VOTE Republican TOMORROW! Polling locations:  
Great poll out of Nevada- thank you! See you soon. #MAGA # 
“There’s nothing there! I’m trying to let the House know that they’re dividing America for no good reason. We’ve got a lot of things we should be doing like lowering drug costs &amp; getting a trade deal with Mexico and Canada.” @LindseyGrahamSC  The Do Nothing Dems have gone crazy!
The Chinese are now hacking White House computers. Why not? They already own the place.
Great news in Georgia!  The just out  Landmark poll shows me in first with 43%! Wow.  
CLINTON CORRUPTION AND HER SABOTAGE OF THE INNER CITIES. Full speech transcript: 
.@SenTedCruz  “The Democrats are now admitting that they can’t prove a crime they can’t prove a law was violated and here’s why. Any president any administration is justified in investigating corruption and there was serious evidence of real corruption concerning Hunter....
So happy that I was able to keep Sikorsky Helicopter in the Great State of Pennsylvania. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
....8 Dems totally control the U.S. Senate. Many great Republican bills will never pass like Kate's Law and complete Healthcare. Get smart!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. Her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch!
Words of wisdom. Thank you Ted! 
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to handle the complexities and danger of ISIS - it will just go on forever. We need change!
I hope you can go to @oreillyfactor and vote for Donald Trump in order to Make America Great Again! Thanks.
Mark Udall was the deciding vote for ObamaCare &amp; now 250000 Coloradans were dropped from their plans. Vote @CoryGardner!
Anyone who doubts the strength or determination of the U.S. should look to our past....and you will doubt it no longer. 
How about President Obama fixing the gasoline situation instead of taking photo ops in the destruction.
I will be live-tweeting the V.P. Debate. Very exciting! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Here we go - A healthcare worker who treated Thomas Duncan the man who flew into the U.S. from West Africa infected with Ebola caught it!
.@EricTrumpFdn continues to do important work for @StJude Children’s Research Hospital. I am very proud of @EricTrump's philanthropy.
.@ewanshearer  Happy Birthday
It was a GREAT day for the United States of America! This is a great plan that is a repeal &amp; replace of ObamaCare.… 
.@foxandfriends interview re: North Korea firing @dennisrodman job report @MELANIATRUMP’s debut &amp; @WrestleMania 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then KEEP AMERICA GREAT! 
The Supreme Court is one of the main reasons I got elected President. I hope Republican Voters and others are watching and studying the Democrats Playbook.
My wife Melania will be interviewed tonight at 8:00pm by Anderson Cooper on @CNN. I have no doubt she will do very well. Enjoy!
We have done a great job with the almost impossible situation in Puerto Rico. Outside of the Fake News or politically motivated ingrates...
For those of you that have conveniently fotgotten dummy Jon Stewart is a bad filmmaker. His last effort was a real bomb (in all ways)!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
In fact my views on Venezuela and especially Cuba were far stronger than those of John Bolton. He was holding me back! 
....If however the city or state in question is willing to acknowledge responsibility and politely asks for help from the Federal Government we will very seriously consider getting involved in order to make those poorly run Democrat Cities Great Again!
The new @DarKnightRises trailer is fantastic   Trump Tower stood in for Wayne Enterprises during filming.
I hate what has happened to the once great @CNN.
Today I am directing my Administration to explore all regulatory and legislative solutions to protect the free speech rights of ALL AMERICANS. We hope to see more transparency more accountability and more FREEDOM! #SocialMediaSummit 
Just watched Jeb's ad where he desperately needed mommy to help him. Jeb --- mom can't help you with ISIS the Chinese or with Putin.
I will be on @MeetThePress with @ChuckTodd tomorrow morning at 10:30am ET on @NBC. Enjoy!
“Congressman Adam Schiff who when seeing the REAL Ukraine phone call Transcript decided he’d better make up one of his own. ‘I’m going to say this only SEVEN times so you better listen good. I want you to MAKE UP DIRT ON MY POLITICAL OPPONENT UNDERSTAND LOTS OF IT AND.....
Your most popular tweet answered why I'm holding off on a Presidential bid...  #trumpvlog
Obamacare continues to fail. Humana to pull out in 2018. Will repeal replace &amp; save healthcare for ALL Americans. 
Baseball player Ryan Braun turned out to be a total con man after so vociferously proclaiming his innocence only to be guilty as.hell!
THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA IS THE OPPOSITION PARTY. It is very bad for our Great Country....BUT WE ARE WINNING!
Statement from President Donald J. Trump and First Lady Melania Trump on the Passing of Former President George H.W. Bush 
Congressman Erik Paulsen of the Great State of Minnesota has done a fantastic job in cutting Taxes and Job Killing Regulations. Hard working and very smart. Keep Erik in Congress. He has my Strong Endorsement!
Nadler ripped final argument away from Schiff thinks Shifty did a terrible job. They are fighting big time! 
....on October 1st we have agreed as a gesture of good will to move the increased Tariffs on 250 Billion Dollars worth of goods (25% to 30%) from October 1st to October 15th.
Thank you @GM @FiatChrysler_NA @Toyota and @GloblAutomkrs for standing with us for Better Cheaper Safer Cars for Americans. California has treated the Auto Industry very poorly for many years harming Workers and Consumers. We are fixing this problem! 
I wonder if President Obama would have attended the funeral of Justice Scalia if it were held in a Mosque? Very sad that he did not go!
Heading to North Carolina for two big rallies. Will be there soon. We will bring jobs back where they belong!
Even Trump Haters like (MS)NBC acknowledge you “BUILD A WALL &amp; CRIME WILL FALL!” 
Heading to the Great State of Kentucky - Big Rally for Congressman Andy Barr - Fantastic guy need his vote for MAGA! Strong on Crime Tax Cuts Military Vets &amp; 2nd A. His opponent will NEVER vote for us only for Pelosi. Andy has my Strongest Endorsement!!! See you in Kentucky.
Obstacles are those frightening things that become visible when we take our eyes off our goals. -- Henry Ford
After my tour of Asia all Countries dealing with us on TRADE know that the rules have changed. The United States has to be treated fairly and in a reciprocal fashion. The massive TRADE deficits must go down quickly!
I WILL DEFEAT ISIS. THEY HAVE BEEN AROUND TOO LONG! What has our leadership been doing?#DrainTheSwamp 
....must stay strong and fight back with vigor. Stop working soooo hard on being politically correct which will only bring you down and continue to fight for our Country. The losers all want what you have don’t give it to them. Be strong &amp; prosper be weak &amp; die! Stay true....
A  story in the @washingtonpost that I was close to “rescinding” the nomination of Justice Gorsuch prior to confirmation is FAKE NEWS. I never even wavered and am very proud of him and the job he is doing as a Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. The unnamed sources don’t exist!
California wildfires are being magnified &amp; made so much worse by the bad environmental laws which aren’t allowing massive amount of readily available water to be properly utilized. It is being diverted into the Pacific Ocean. Must also tree clear to stop fire   spreading!
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.Thomas A. Edison
Meeting with Generals at Mar-a-Lago in Florida. Very interesting!
Check out @seanhannity now on @FoxNews. Big tonight!
Canada's legal immigration plan starts with a simple and smart question: How will any immigrant applying fo… (cont) 
.....Country being forced to endure a long and costly trial. Tell the people “OUT” and they must leave just as they would if they were standing on your front lawn. Hiring thousands of “judges” does not work and is not acceptable - only Country in the World that does this!
The convention in Cleveland will be amazing!  
As I have been saying. Only the beginning: "ISIS Suspects Arrested in Turkey 150 European Passports Seized." 
“Still Rising: Rasmussen Poll Shows Donald Trump Approval Ratings Now at 51 Percent” 
Just received a briefing on the Coronavirus in China from all of our GREAT agencies who are also working closely with China. We will continue to monitor the ongoing developments. We have the best experts anywhere in the world and they are on top of it 24/7! 
New on our YouTube channel today is a brand new #trumpdocumentary giving you a look inside the world of Trump Golf… 
“The Democrats are in danger of becoming irrelevant because of their decision to keep taking the country on wild goose chases. They ought to start governing. You know for a change.”  Michael Goodwin @newyorkpost
Why would the people of Florida vote for Marco Rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their Senator and then quit!
SPY GAMES: TIME FOR ANSWERS 
.@robertjeffress I greatly appreciate your kind words last night on @FoxNews. Have great love for the evangelicals -- great respect for you.
... Supreme Court pick economic enthusiasm deregulation &amp; so much more have driven the Trump base even closer together. Will never change!
Just left a meeting with Chuck and Nancy a total waste of time. I asked what is going to happen in 30 days if I quickly open things up are you going to approve Border Security which includes a Wall or Steel Barrier? Nancy said NO. I said bye-bye nothing else works!
Right now everybody is saying what a great job we are doing with Hurricane Florence – and they are 100% correct. But don’t be fooled at some point in the near future the Democrats will start ranting...
If you don’t publicize your successes your competitors will be sure to belittle them. Get the word out!
Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. No more guns to protect Hillary!
Congratulations to Tiger and the entire U.S. Team on a great comeback and tremendous WIN. True Champions! 
When will our country stop wasting money on global warming and so many other truly "STUPID" things and begin to focus on lower taxes?
I have tried to stay uninvolved with the Department of Justice and FBI (although I do not legally have to) because of the now totally discredited and very expensive Witch Hunt currently going on. But you do have to ask why the DOJ &amp; FBI aren’t giving over requested documents?
So since the people at the @nytimes have made all bad decisions over the last decade why do people care what they write. Incompetent!
Go to Macy's today and buy Trump ties shirts suits and cufflinks as a Christmas or holiday present.Great style great price! ONLY THE BEST
Watching @TigerWoods on NBC playing great golf. Tiger won The WGC Cadillac Championship at Trump National Doral this year. I love Tiger!
It is my great honor to host @JPN_PMO @AbeShinzo! 
Great job Jim! 
Job openings are at a 4 year high but businesses aren't hiring   Why? ObamaCare US debt &amp; @BarackObama's tax plan.
.@JebBush is a sad case. A total embarrassment to both himself and his family he just announced he will continue to spend on Trump hit ads!
I can't stress strongly enough that we are currently in a buyer's residential market.Try to buy directly from a bank.
Washington is simply incapable of any moderation because @BarackObama is such an extreme leftist.  He must be defeated. #TImeToGetTough.
#CelebApprentice #TeamVortex or #TeamInfinity?
Why is @BarackObama continuing to lie?  has found that @MittRomney did not ship jobs overseas 
Big win in Montana for Republicans!
Scots should boycott Glenfiddich garbage for not choosing great Olympic &amp; U.S. Open champ Andy Murray over total loser Michael Forbes.
A poll of Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats just came out in Florida. Nice results! 
Remarks from the Roosevelt Room with @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell @SpeakerRyan and Secretary of Defense General James Mattis. 
Beautiful evening in Fayetteville tonight! Big day in North Carolina tomorrow. Make sure you get out and VOTE for Dan Bishop in #NC09 and Greg Murphy in #NC03! 
O.K. Christmas is over now we can all go back to the wars of life. Focus focus focus-never accept defeat -push hard for total victory!
Hillary Clinton lied when she said that "ISIS is using video of Donald Trump as a recruiting tool." This was fact checked by @FoxNews: FALSE
....(which is under siege) is strong on Crime and the Border and truly LOVES our Military and our Vets. He will be a great Senator for the people of Alabama. Coach Tommy Tuberville a winner has my Complete and Total Endorsement. I love Alabama!
On the recent non-binding vote (420-0) in Congress about releasing the Mueller Report I told leadership to let all Republicans vote for transparency. Makes us all look good and doesn’t matter. Play along with the game!
NY Jets center Nick Mangold interns for Trump. Watch Trump's Fabulous World of Golf  tonight 9PM ET on Golf 
On my way to Columbia Missouri for a #MAGARally. Look forward to seeing everyone soon!  
Bernie should pull his endorsement of Crooked Hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters.
The new NBC POLL has me in first place but said I was third in the debate - I demand a recount (just kidding!). EVERY other poll had me #1.
Now @BarackObama has decided there are 5 million Palestinian refugees   He always goes against @Israel's interest.
Ted Cruz has been playing an ad about me that is so ridiculously false - no basis in fact. Take ad down Ted. Biggest liar in politics!
Jesse &amp; Emma Great News. Congratulations!!!!! 
“Successful leaders see the opportunities in every difficulty rather than the difficulty in every opportunity.”- Reed Markham
Health Insurance stocks which have gone through the roof during the ObamaCare years plunged yesterday after I ended their Dems windfall!
Thank you Florida. My Administration will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN and HIRE AMERICAN! #ICYMI- Watch:… 
There has been no President in the history of our Country who has been treated so badly as I have. The Democrats are frozen with hatred and fear. They get nothing done. This should never be allowed to happen to another President. Witch Hunt!
Finally in the new ABC News/Washington Post Poll Hillary Clinton is down 11 points with WOMEN VOTERS and the election is close at 47-43!
Give your goals substance -- make them count on as many levels as you can. Remember that passion can be the catalyst for great achievement.
The ObamaCare website is unfixable &amp;  rumor has it that they will stop checks &amp; balances—a free-for-all that will cost the country trillions
Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) is desperately trying to sell the @UnionLeader. It's a loser and my comments haven't helped him much.
The story in the Amazon Washington Post of course picked up by Fake News CNN saying “President Trump asked for AG Barr to host a news conference clearing him on Ukraine” is totally untrue and just another FAKE NEWS story with anonymous sources that don’t exist....
A big part of the country even the southern states is under massive attack from snow and freezing cold. Global warming anyone?
Come celebrate Thanksgiving in the Windy City at @TrumpChicago’s 5 Star 5 Diamond "Sixteen" restaurant 
....We should all work together to clean up these hazardous waste and homeless sites before the whole city rots away. Very bad and dangerous conditions also severely impacting the Pacific Ocean and water supply. Pelosi must work on this mess and turn her District around!
Hoping to get the payroll tax cut approved by both Republicans and Democrats and please remember very important for all countries &amp; businesses to know that trade will in no way be affected by the 30-day restriction on travel from Europe. The restriction stops people not goods.
People are finally beginning to hit China and OPEC. They never give me credit for being the first--by far--but that's okay!
Believe and act as if it were impossible to fail. -- Charles F. Kettering
“Any political leader who won’t face the future head on is putting the American Dream at risk.” – The America We Deserve
The Fake News Media loves saying “so little happened at my first summit with Kim Jong Un.” Wrong! After 40 years of doing nothing with North Korea but being taken to the cleaners &amp; with a major war ready to start in a short 15 months relationships built hostages &amp; remains....
Strzok started the illegal Rigged Witch Hunt - why isn’t this so-called “probe” ended immediately? Why aren’t these angry and conflicted Democrats instead looking at Crooked Hillary?
Former Attorney General Michael Mukasey said that President Trump is probably correct that there was surveillance on Trump Tower. Actually far greater than would ever have been believed!
Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is correct the VA is not broken it is doing great. But that is only because of the Trump Administration. We got Veterans Choice &amp; Accountability passed. “President Trump deserves a lot of credit.” Dan Caldwell Concerned Veterans of America
Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council is right when he says on @foxandfriends that the Democrat inspired laws make it tough for us to stop people at the Border. MUST BE CHANDED but I am bringing out the military for this National Emergency. They will be stopped!
Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents but costs are out of control more than $4 billion. Cancel order!
This country cannot take four more years of Barack Obama! #Debate
To those families and citizens who are worried and concerned for themselves and their loved ones I want you to know that your Federal Government will unleash every authority resource and tool at its disposal to safeguard the lives and health of our people. 
Our country needs to reestablish the work ethic. In NY welfare pays better than jobs  Zero incentive.
Thank you to our law enforcement officers! #LESM #Trump2016 
Wow in the new CBS Poll I went way up into the forties! Thank you!
Entrepreneurs: Is the problem a blip or a catastrophe? Keep things in perspective. Learn to expect problems and keep moving forward.
Entrepreneurs: In the best negotiations everyone wins. This is a possibility and it's the ideal situation to strive for.
Always fun to read the @NewYorkObserver investigative piece re @AGSchneiderman his mascara and more! 
The Dems are crazed they will do anything. Honesty &amp; truth don’t matter to them. They are badly wounded. Iowa vote count was a disaster for them! 
Thank you New Orleans Louisiana!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain # 
WE WILL NEVER FORGET! 
Russia Syria and Iran are killing or on their way to killing thousands if inocent civilians in Idlib Province. Don’t do it! Turkey is working hard to stop this carnage.
Very productive conversations going on with China! Watch for some important announcements!
Thank you for the kind words Omarosa! 
Via @TPInsidr 
Senator @RogerWicker of Mississippi has done everything necessary to Make America Great Again! Get out and vote for Roger he has my total support!
Ex-Presidential Pollster Pat Cadell says most voters sick of both parties and their failure.
Terrence K. Williams “You can’t impeach Trump for being a winner!”
Thank you Audrey! 
Great write-up on @thedailymeal about our new Executive Sous Chef Sydney Jones @TrumpLasVegas: 
Is Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? Big mistake by an incompetent judge!
I don’t cheat at golf but @SamuelLJackson cheats—with his game he has no choice—and stop doing commercials!
An incredible experience! 
Good (Great) meeting in the Oval Office tonight with the NRA!
Photo from @IvankaTrump of Trump International Golf Links &amp; Hotel Ireland  
“The Democrats have been talking about Impeaching Donald Trump since before he was inaugurated.” @SteveDoocy  @foxandfriends  And for no reason other than the great success we are having with the Economy the Military Vets Tax and Regulation Cuts HealthCare and so much more!
...It's called intellectual property rights something they know nothing about.
Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja Mexico to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax.
....down watching over a quagmire &amp; spending big dollars to do so. When I took over our Military was totally depleted. Now it is stronger than ever before. The endless and ridiculous wars are ENDING! We will be focused on the big picture knowing we can always go back &amp; BLAST!
This is the time for the United States to be strengthening all important military components - not rolling over and dealing from weakness!
In honor of his past service to our Country Navy Seal #EddieGallagher will soon be moved to less restrictive confinement while he awaits his day in court. Process should move quickly! @foxandfriends @RepRalphNorman
This is what a future State of Palestine can look like with a capital in parts of East Jerusalem. 
The Emmys were horrendous...the absolute worst show!
.@DaveWeigel @WashingtonPost put out a phony photo of an empty arena hours before I arrived @ the venue w/ thousands of people outside on their way in. Real photos now shown as I spoke. Packed house many people unable to get in. Demand apology &amp; retraction from FAKE NEWS WaPo! 
Obama Administration official said they "choked" when it came to acting on Russian meddling of election. They didn't want to hurt Hillary?
How badly will the Country be hurt by the three scandals and the very poor implementation and cost of Obama Care?
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
One of the reasons I assume I was inducted into the @WWE Hall of Fame is that Vince McMahon and I have the all time highest ratings...
When foreigners attend our great colleges &amp; want to stay in the U.S. they should not be thrown out of our country.
Just out the new nationwide @FoxNews poll has me alone in 2nd place closely behind Jeb Bush-but Bush will NEVER Make America Great Again!
“It’s about peace and Prosperity that’s how Republican Presidents get elected and this President has delivered on the Economy and he’s delivered on keeping America Stronger &amp; Safer. Our biggest enemy is not any one of these Democrats it’s the Media.” John McLaughlin pollster

New Gravis Poll in NH just out:  Trump 32% Carson 13%  
Why are people giving money to Karl Rove when he just wasted $400M without any victories? Use your head.
No Lindsey it was a sign of strength that some people just don’t understand! 
“People who enter the United States without our permission are illegal aliens and illegal aliens should not be treated the same as people who entered the U.S. legally.” Chuck Schumer in 2009 before he went left and haywire!  @foxandfriends
If you really want to succeed you'll have to go for it every day. The big time isn't for slackers. Keep up your stamina and remain curious.
Congress must pass the old and very strongly proven deductibility by businesses on restaurants and entertainment. This will bring restaurants and everything related back - and stronger than ever. Move quickly they will all be saved!
....a Nancy Pelosi/Chuck Schumer Democrat (John Bel Edwards) who does nothing but stymie all of the things we are doing to Make America Great Again. Don’t be fooled John Bel Edwards will NEVER be for us. Early voting has already started! @LAGOP
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing interest rates the deficit @RepPaulRyan's timing @TimTebow and the Doral  
Trump at Tea  via @myrbeachonline
Via @pressjournal by Ann-Marie Parry: "Plans revealed for course named after Trump’s mother" 
Wow every poll said I won the debate last night. Great honor!

Please join me with your thoughts and prayers for both aviators their families and our incredible @USNavy. 
Sadly when it comes to using the energy industry to create American jobs Obama has been a total disaster.  #TimeToGetTough
The story with Hillary will never change. 
Many of Bernie's supporters have left the arena. Did Bernie go home and go to sleep?
“We cannot have what happened to this President happen again.” Joe DiGenova.  “It is time for Justice to come barreling in.” @LouDobbs  Can you imagine that with everything going on in this World the Witch Hunt though on a respirator is still whimpering along. A disgrace!
In the center of Ireland’s rugged west coast @Trump_Ireland offers a beautiful golf course top dining and a Spa 
Another great charity that the $5M could go to just a recommendation to the Pres. - the Wounded Warriors represented so well by @TraceAdkins
Via @ConroeCourier by @StephenGreen91:“Trump talks 2016 run jobs at @TXPatriotsPAC” 
New study shows 80% of Congress have no business experience--it shows!
What is wrong with the @GOP? Now they want to give all authority on the sequester cuts to Obama  Pathetic.
That’s Adrian in the elevator— he works at @TrumpTowerNY &amp; he’s got a lot of stories. #CelebApprentice
I'll be on @gretawire tonight on @foxnews at 10 pm.
Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
The just out USA Today National Poll where I lead by big numbers shows that in a head to head matchup I beat both Hillary and Bernie.
Like every American I deserve to meet my accuser especially when this accuser the so-called “Whistleblower” represented a perfect conversation with a foreign leader in a totally inaccurate and fraudulent way. Then Schiff made up what I actually said by lying to Congress......
Moderator: Hillary paid $225000 by a Brazilian bank for a speech that called for “open borders.” That’s a quote! #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Thank you John so nice! 
I won't be doing Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning in that I have a big breakfast meeting on a deal. I will be back next week at 7. Thank you!
A great coach and a fantastic guy. His endorsement of me in Indiana was a very big deal! 
The House's failure to pass the Balance Budget Amendment was another unforced error by the GOP. Very disappointing.
Steyer is running low on cash. Nobody knows him. Made his money on coal. So funny! 
“I can’t remember anything quite like this (the I.G. Report).” @brithume @BretBaier
Something really bad happened to the @Yankees psyche--much like our President!
Don't reward Mitt Romney who let us all down in the last presidential race by voting for Kasich (who voted for NAFTA open borders etc.).
Thank you for your continued support!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 

We win in our lives by having a champion's view of each moment. --Donald J. Trump 
The 2nd Amendment is under siege. We need SCOTUS judges who will uphold the US Constitution. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
“Why on earth would any Republican vote not to put up a Wall or against Border Security. Please explain that to me?” @Varneyco

Last week to enter the "Think Like A Champion" signed book and keychain contest: 
Join me in San Jose California- tomorrow evening at 7pm! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain # 
ObamaCare is torturing the American People.The Democrats have fooled the people long enough. Repeal or Repeal &amp; Replace! I have pen in hand.
Entrepreneurs: Be passionate. You have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
In game 7 of the World Series tonight the Giants are making a big mistake in not starting their ace against K.C. even with two days rest.
When the military informed Obama that they had Bin Laden is there anyone with a brain that would not have said "Ok go get him"?
With millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment my numbers continue to go up. Can anyone explain this?
While we are on the subject it is reported that the U.S. Post Office will lose $1.50 on average for each package it delivers for Amazon. That amounts to Billions of Dollars. The Failing N.Y. Times reports that “the size of the company’s lobbying staff has ballooned” and that...
Great list of spring travel ideas from our @TrumpCollection properties: 
Via @Mediaite: "Donald Trump Trashes 'Tacky' 'Boring' Oscars Blasts 'Racist' Django Unchained" 
.@TheAlabamaBand was great last night in D.C. playing for 147 Diplomats and Ambassadors from countries around the world. Thanks Alabama!
Via @businessinsider by @hunterw: “TRUMP: 'I'm going to surprise a lot of people' in 2016” 
Look forward to being in Pennsylvania tomorrow in support of Rick @Saccone4PA18. Big crowd expected in Moon Township. Vote Rick and see you there! #MAGA
Sexual assault and rape in the Armed Forces is a Massive problem that nobody wants to talk about or do anything about-the big dark secret!
The DNC will have gotten their fondest wish and defeated Bernie Sanders fat ahead of schedule. Now they are doing everything possible to be nice to him in order to keep his supporters. Bernie has given up just like he did last time. He will be dropping out soon! MAGA/KAG
Now we have a once in a lifetime opportunity to RESTORE AMERICAN PROSPERITY – and RECLAIM AMERICA’S DESTINY.But in order to achieve this bright and glowing future the SENATE MUST PASS TAX CUTS – and bring Main Street roaring back to life! 
Making his case in a nice and articulate manner.
China has just intervened to lower the yuan- in other words they will continue to screw the U.S.!
Press Conference - Following National Security Briefing in Bedminster New Jersey. 🎥 
Presidency. Two of my children Don and Eric plus executives will manage them. No new deals will be done during my term(s) in office.
They asked my daughter Ivanka whether or not the media is the enemy of the people. She correctly said no. It is the FAKE NEWS which is a large percentage of the media that is the enemy of the people!
I never did give anybody hell. I just told the truth and they thought it was hell. --Harry S. Truman
It was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton. Like I said the system is totally rigged!
I spoke with Fox and Friends today watch here 
...but interestingly the same people seem to be lucky.
I love you North Carolina- thank you for your amazing support! Get out and  tomorrow!Watch:… 
I would like to thank the President of Mexico Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador and his foreign minister Marcelo Ebrard together with all of the many representatives of both the United States and Mexico for working so long and hard to get our agreement on immigration completed!
Entrepreneurs: Practice positive thinking with a lot of reality checks. Know that goals come with obstacles.
....say he fought back against this phony crime that didn’t exist this horrendous false accusation and he shouldn’t fight back he should just sit back and take it. Could this be Obstruction? No Mueller didn’t find Obstruction either. Presidential Harassment!

I think that Crooked Hillary Clinton should enter the race to try and steal it away from Uber Left Elizabeth Warren. Only one condition. The Crooked one must explain all of her high crimes and misdemeanors including how &amp; why she deleted 33000 Emails AFTER getting “C” Subpoena!
The Democrats much as I suspected have allocated no money for a new Wall. So imaginative! The problem is without a Wall there can be no real Border Security - and our Country must finally have a Strong and Secure Southern Border!
It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to.
So why is someone a good or great President if they needed to Spy on someone else’s Campaign in order to win (that didn’t work out so well) and if they were unable to fill 142 important Federal Judgeships (a record by far) handing them all to me to choose. Will have 182 soon!
The 9/11 trials at Gitmo over the weekend were a disaster. Can you imagine how much worse it would be if @BarackObama tried them in NYC?
I will be handing over my Twitter account to my team of deplorables for tonight's #debate#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Bernie Sanders who has lost most of his leverage has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. He will endorse her today - fans angry!
.@peachespulliam at @TrumpTowerNY this afternoon- a wonderful woman. It was an honor to donate $25K to her charity. 
“The unemployment rate remains at a 17-year low of 4.1%. The unemployment rate in manufacturing dropped to 2.6% the lowest ever recorded. The unemployment rate among Hispanics dropped to 4.7% the lowest ever recorded...”@SecretaryAcosta @USDOL 
A lot of bad things are happening in Puerto Rico. The Governor is under siege the Mayor of San Juan is a despicable and incompetent person who I wouldn’t trust under any circumstance and the United States Congress foolishly gave 92 Billion Dollars for hurricane relief much....
I attended @Aerosmith concert last night in Newark NJ. Doesn’t get any better than that. @IamStevenT was fantastic great energy!
During my visit yesterday to Austin Texas for the startup of the new Mac Pro &amp; the discussion of a new one $billion campus also in Texas I asked Tim Cook to see if he could get Apple involved in building 5G in the U.S. They have it all - Money Technology Vision &amp; Cook!l
I got severely criticized by the Fake News Media for being too nice to President Putin. In the Old Days they would call it Diplomacy. If I was loud &amp; vicious I would have been criticized for being too tough. Remember when they said I was too tough with Chairman Kim? Hypocrites!
What my father really gave me is a good (great) brain motivation and the benefit of his experience-unlike the haters and losers (lazy!).
THANK YOU Grand Rapids Michigan! Time to end political correctness &amp; secure our homeland!  
Looks like @tedcruz is getting ready to attack. I am leading by so much he must. I hope so he will fall like all others. Will be easy!
The “Constitutional Crisis” is the Democrats refusing to work. Let them start by fixing the mess that their Immigration Laws have caused at the Southern Border.
....WHERE IS THE FEDERAL RESERVE?
.@MittRomney will create 2 million new jobs if elected POTUS.  If reelected @BarackObama will create over $12T in new debt. Easy choice.
The Republicans can absolutely win if they stick together-but they are NOT sticking together. Sen. McCain just said "we can't win".Very bad!
Join me live as we recognize the first responders to the June 14th shooting involving @SteveScalise. #TeamScalise  
.....released in 2017. If his statement is based on intelligence he has seen since leaving office it constitutes an intelligence breach......”  Richard Burr (R-NC) Senate Intel Cmte Chair  @LouDobbs
The Whistleblower’s facts have been so incorrect about my “no pressure” conversation with the Ukrainian President and now the conflict of interest and involvement with a Democrat Candidate that he or she should be exposed and questioned properly. This is no Whistleblower.....
Great investor John Paulson just sought bankruptcy protection for a unit of his hedge fund-very smart-but he didn't go bankrupt you morons!
“Winners embrace hard work.” - @ESPNDrLou
George Will was a big Iraq fool.  $2 trillion thousands of lives lost -- &amp; we got nothing! Dummy.
Massive amounts of money from China and other parts of the world is pouring into the United States for reasons of safety investment and interest rates! We are in a very strong position. Companies are also coming to the U.S. in big numbers. A beautiful thing to watch!
“Donald Trump dedicates second Scottish golf course to beloved mother Mary”  via @MailOnline
My @gretawire interview discussing why the sequestration cuts are necessary our $17T national debt &amp; 2016 election 
Heading to Pensacola Florida - will be there soon. Amazing lines of people wanting to get in - what a crowd! Is this a sign of Republican Strength on Tuesday? 
China is sending an Envoy and Delegation to North Korea - A big move we'll see what happens!
Correct a total scam! 
New CBS National Poll just out - massive lead for Trump. The Wall Street Journal/NBC Poll is a total joke. No wonder WSJ is doing so badly!
Ted Cruz is totally unelectable if he even gets to run (born in Canada). Will loose big to Hillary. Polls show I beat Hillary easily! WIN!
Wow! What a great night. Thank you to all of the viewers and congratulations to @StephenAtHome  @colbertlateshow
Why did we spend billions of our money on Libya if we are not going to get any of the country's oil? What do we get out of this?
The very dishonest @NBCNews refuses to accept the fact that I have forgiven my $50 million loan to my campaign. Done deal!
Thank you! 
Will be cutting ribbon at           10 A.M. with Mayor Bloomberg and Jack Nicklaus for the opening of TRUMP LINKS at FERRY POINT.

If JP Morgan took their case through the courts for 15 years nobody would be suing them—easy target.
Don’t miss this show! 
#TedCruz eligibility to be President not settled law says Cruz' Constitutional Law Professor #LaurenceTribe 
If you’re sitting in an office working in a job you hate then it’s time to THINK BIG and plan your next step…
The people of Cuba have struggled too long. Will reverse Obama's Executive Orders and concessions towards Cuba until freedoms are restored.
The real war on women. Under @BarackObama 766000 more women are unemployed from when he took office 
Few if any Administrations have done more in just 7 months than the Trump A. Bills passed regulations killed border military ISIS SC!
This is just not the right time for Jeb Bush. His campaign is in total disarray too much staff being paid way too much money = U.S. GOVT.
Did A Rod really try to buy the papers that would implicate him re. drugs - wow that would be the end a disaster!
“Conflict between Glen Simpson’s testimony to another House Panel about his contact with Justice Department official Bruce Ohr. Ohr was used by Simpson and Steele as a Back Channel to get (FAKE) Dossier to FBI. Simpson pleading Fifth.” Catherine Herridge. Where is Jeff Sessions?
Follow me on Instagram- 
Please keep your thoughts &amp; prayers with Melissa Young- Miss Wisconsin 2005. 
To show you how dishonest the LameStream Media is I used the word Liddle’ not Liddle in discribing Corrupt Congressman Liddle’ Adam Schiff. Low ratings @CNN purposely took the hyphen out and said I spelled the word little wrong. A small but never ending situation with CNN!
I will be in Green Bay Wisconsin this Saturday April 27th at the Resch Center — 7:00pm (CDT). Big crowd expected! #MAGA 
Unemployment rate only dropped because more people are out of labor force &amp; have stopped looking for work.Not a real recovery phony numbers
Was the brother of John Podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on Russia lifted? Did Hillary know?
Here we go with the Fake Polls. Just like what happened with the Election against Crooked Hillary Clinton. ABC NBC CNN @nytimes @washingtonpost they all got it wrong on purpose. Suppression Polls so early? They will never learn!
We do have a Trade Deficit with Canada as we do with almost all countries (some of them massive). P.M. Justin Trudeau of Canada a very good guy doesn’t like saying that Canada has a Surplus vs. the U.S.(negotiating) but they do...they almost all do...and that’s how I know!
Reckless--@BarackObama is projecting $1.2T deficit from 2012 budget &amp; a projected $25.4T debt in a decade 
Getting VERY close to a BIG DEAL with China. They want it and so do we!
So great to watch &amp; listen to all these people who write books &amp; talk about my presidential campaign and so many others things related to winning and how I should be doing “IT.” As I take it all in I then sit back look around &amp; say “gee I’m in the White House &amp; they’re not!
.@EdWGillespie will totally turn around the high crime and poor economic performance of VA. MS-13 and crime will be gone. Vote today ASAP!
Outrage is growing in the Great State of Minnesota where our Patriots are now having to fight for the right to say the Pledge of Allegiance. I will be fighting with you! @foxandfriends
The banks need to start lending again otherwise the economy will continue its downturn. This is why we bailed the banks out!
Flashback: “NYers were grateful when Donald Trump finished ahead of schedule and under budget the Wollman Rink” 
'Clinton Ally Aided Campaign of FBI Official’s Wife' 
Thank you Delaware County Ohio! Remember- either we WIN this election or we are going to LOSE this country!… 
Had dinner last night at Megu 845 United Nations Plaza--fabulous food beautiful restaurant.
Thank you for joining me in Mandan ND Gov. @DougBurgum Lt. Gov. @BrentSanfordND @SenJohnHoeven @RepKevinCramer &amp; @SenatorHeitkamp. 
#HurricaneFlorence  
WOW they got caught. End the Witch Hunt now! 
....that our economy is very strong. If the Fed would lower rates to where the bond market says they should be then I really wouldn’t worry about a recession.” @jimcramer @JoeSquawk
Looks like OPEC is at it again. With record amounts of Oil all over the place including the fully loaded ships at sea Oil prices are artificially Very High! No good and will not be accepted!
--Work has begun ahead of schedule to build the greatest golf course in history: Trump International – Scotland.
If crazy @megynkelly didn't cover me so much on her terrible show her ratings would totally tank. She is so average in so many ways!
Perhaps Miss USA can lure Snowden back?
Watch me on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8PM.
An insightful article on @BarackObama 
Make sure you get on the Trump line and are not mislead by the Cruz people. They are bad! BE CAREFUL.
How incompetent are our leaders allowing these Ebola infected people to come into our country with all of the problems and danger entailed!
Thank you West Virginia. I love you! 
“Stocks kick off Christmas week at All-Time Record Highs.” @foxandfriends
Thank you and the Wall is under major construction! 
They gave General Flynn a great deal because they were embarrassed by the way he was treated - the FBI said he didn’t lie and they overrode the FBI. They want to scare everybody into making up stories that are not true by catching them in the smallest of misstatements. Sad!......
.....of money spent on protecting other countries and we get nothing but Trade Deficits and Losses. It is time that these very rich countries either pay the United States for its great military protection or protect themselves...and Trade must be made FREE and FAIR!
Offering river lake &amp; skyline views @TrumpChicago’s 339 5 Star rooms range from Deluxe Suites to Spa Guestrooms 
Make no mistake Obamacare is the first step towards changing our health system into single payer. Just a disaster.
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing you're right. -- Henry Ford
Thank you Cleveland. We love you and will be back many times!
Russian leaders are publicly celebrating Obama's reelection.  They can't wait to see how flexible Obama will be now.

Failed presidential candidate @MittRomney was made to look like a fool by Senator Harry Reid &amp; didn't release his tax returns until 9/21/12.
Remember will be at Daytona 500 tomorrow!
Another Crooked Hillary Fan! 
Lying Cruz put out a statement “Trump &amp; Rubio are w/Obama on gay marriage." Cruz is the worst liar crazy or very dishonest. Perhaps all 3?
In Vegas? Enjoy Thanksgiving in @TrumpLasVegas' DJT lounge where the @nfl games will be playing all day 
Mini Mike Bloomberg ads are purposely wrong - A vanity project for him to get into the game. Nobody in many years has done for the USA what I have done for the USA including the greatest economy in history rebuilding our military biggest ever tax &amp; regulation cuts &amp; 2nd A!
.@GeraldoRivera  Thank you Geraldo for your nice words on @oreillyfactor tonight. You are a true champion! Thank @ericbolling - great guy!
....The Southern Border is becoming very strong despite the obstruction by Democrats not agreeing to do anything on Loopholes or Asylum!
Today we mark another milestone: the 74th anniversary of #DDay the Allied invasion of Normandy. On June 6 1944 more than 70000 brave young Americans charged out of landing craft jumped out of airplanes and stormed into hell... 
Great to be in Fort Drum New York with our HEROES! 
I have to admit @AlexSalmond is a tough smart guy. He is formidable by any standard!
My @SquawkCNBC #TRUMPTUESDAY interview discussing the upcoming debates the real state of unemployment &amp; bias media 
“The States have to get the money to the people who need it.” @MariaBartiromo  And FAST!
Where’s the Whistleblower? Where’s the second Whistleblower? Where’s the Informer? Why did Corrupt politician Schiff MAKE UP my conversation with the Ukrainian President??? Why didn’t the House do its job? And sooo much more!
It was an honor to be the Grand Marshall- in the Salute to Israel Parade back in 2004. 
Ted Cruz said he "didn't know" that he was a Canadian Citizen. He also FORGOT to file his Goldman Sachs Million $ loan papers.Not believable
Republicans must make the horrendous weak and outdated immigration laws and the Border a part of the Midterms!
The Yankees are absolutely terrible--- what happened to this team?
All of America is in mourning over the mass murder of Jewish Americans at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh. We pray for those who perished and their loved ones and our hearts go out to the brave police officers who sustained serious injuries...
Speaking at the Red White and Blue Dinner in Maryland- 
On #PurpleHeartDay💜I thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this GREAT NATION! #USA🇺🇸 
The Wilson family should thank me. Pegula overpaid for the @buffalobills because of me!
....between our two countries. I look forward to continuing those discussions after the Israeli Elections when we meet at the United Nations later this month!
Performing live on the Miss Universe Pageant from the Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino will be Telemundo Orianthi John Legend and The Roots.
Scary thought--is the sexual pervert Anthony Weiner now in Charlotte? Did he bring his phone with him?
Today at 1:30PM CT I will be addressing @RepLeadConf in New Orleans  Will focus on how to fix our great country.
People buy deals &amp; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals...
.@THR "The Donald Trump Ratings Bump: Who's Benefiting Most?" 
.@SharkGregNorman @Trump_Charlotte Looking great love the improvements to the buildings and grounds! not to mention course"  Thank you.
Let me sum this up for you... 
Obama's war on women has lead to the biggest decline in female employment in 40 years. 4 more years??
.@BarackObama bowed to the Saudi King in public--yet the Dems are questioning @MittRomney's diplomatic skills.
The White House is predicting 9% unemployment throughout 2012 – and when Obama Care takes effect in 2014 expect it to go even higher.
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more.  Get YOURS today! 
Congrats to @KarlRove on blowing $400 million this cycle. Every race @CrossroadsGPS ran ads in the Republicans lost. What a waste of money.
Thank you. 
Now is the time to buy housing before values have fully recovered. In 5 years remember I told you so.
W/ spectacular panoramic Pacific Ocean views @TrumpGolfLA is the top luxury public golf course in the country 
Puerto Rico is one of the most corrupt places on earth. Their political system is broken and their politicians are either Incompetent or Corrupt. Congress approved Billions of Dollars last time more than anyplace else has ever gotten and it is sent to Crooked Pols. No good!....
Thank you! #Trump2016 
Via @STVAberdeen: "Donald Trump reveals first image of his new Aberdeenshire hotel" 
“Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. Our ego gives us a sense of purpose.” – Think Like a Champion
 Haim Saban: Hillary Clinton’s Top Hollywood Donor Demands Racial Profiling of Muslims   
Lightweight @JebBush is spending a fortune of special interest against me in SC. False advertising- desperate and sad!
House Judiciary has given up on the Mueller Report sadly for them after two years and $40000000 spent - ZERO COLLUSION ZERO OBSTRUCTION. So they say OK lets look at everything else and all of the deals that “Trump” has done over his lifetime. But it doesn’t....
Steve Bannon will be a tough and smart new voice at @BreitbartNews...maybe even better than ever before. Fake News needs the competition!
Our debt finances China’s military. It's time to get tough – we hold all the cards. Let’s Make America Great Again! 
Departing now - thank you Cedar Rapids Iowa. This is a MOVEMENT! 
There's nothing like fall in #NewYorkCity. See where @TrumpCollection recommends you take in the season's beauty:
Elite Traveler &amp; the 12 Best Hotel Room Views in the World   #TrumpChicago
I will be signing copies of my new book Time To Get Tough: Making America #1 Again in Trump Tower on Frida… (cont) 
The president of the pathetic Club For Growth came to my office in N.Y.C. and asked for a ridiculous $1000000 contribution. I said no way!
When will anyone be held accountable for the VA scandal? The politicians are experts in never facing any consequence.
I will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation this morning. Enjoy!  @jdickerson
Wrong! Under @BarackObama's watch @Israel is not being invited to NATO summit in Chicago this month 
Illegal immigration affects the lives of all Americans. Illegal Immigration hurts American workers burdens American taxpayers undermines public safety and places enormous strain on local schools hospitals and communities...
The "Unaffordable" Care Act will soon be history!
Just landed in the Philippines after a great day of meetings and events in Hanoi Vietnam! 
Via @LuxuryDaily by Joe McCarthy: “Trump Collection leverages 2016 election frenzy for Washington debut” 
...long he doesn't know how to win anymore just look at the mess our country is in - bogged down in conflict all over the place. Our hero..
On my way to the Great Commonwealth of Kentucky to deliver remarks at the @AMVETSHQ 75th Annual National Convention. Look forward to being with all of my friends! #AMVETS75th 
Congratulations to @JudgeJeanine Pirro on having again the Number One Best Selling Book!
Very successful fund raising for @MittRomney yesterday. Good to see my friend Woody Johnson.
The Deep State and the Left and their vehicle the Fake News Media are going Crazy - &amp; they don’t know what to do. The Economy is booming like never before Jobs are at Historic Highs soon TWO Supreme Court Justices &amp; maybe Declassification to find Additional Corruption. Wow!
My @foxandfriends int.on @FoxNewsInsider:“'We Have No Leadership': Trump Slams Obama for Skipping Paris Unity Rally” 
Wow just saw an ad - Cruz is lying on so many levels. There is nobody more against ObamaCare than me will repeal &amp; replace. He lies!
Clear winner of the #GOPDebate. Thank you for your support! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
We've gone from $10 trillion that the president inherited from all prior presidents to $16 trillion -- @MittRomney
Working in Bedminster N.J. as long planned construction is being done at the White House. This is not a vacation - meetings and calls!
I will be doing @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00pmE from Mesa Arizona - will be talking about the #GOPDebate &amp; more. 
So true! 
Via @UnionLeader by @tuohy: “Trump inches closer to a decision” 
....State which I will win in #2020 because they can’t stand her and her hatred of our Country and they appreciate all that I have done for them (opening up mining and MUCH more) which has led to the best employment &amp; economic year in Minnesota’s long and beautiful history!
...@BarackObama is hiding plenty of bad things.
AOC is a Wack Job! 
To all of my twitter followers please contribute whatever you can to the campaign. We must beat Crooked Hillary. 
The Solyndra Scandal--@BarackObama's $500Million photo op. He loves wasting our money.
We will remove or eliminate every obstacle necessary to deliver our people the care they need. No resource will be spared! 
By failing to prepare you are preparing to fail. --Benjamin Franklin
Thank you Alabama! From now on it’s going to be #AmericaFirst. Our goal is to bring back that wonderful phrase:… 
Ex-NSA contractor to spend 63 months in jail over “classified” information. Gee this is “small potatoes” compared to what Hillary Clinton did! So unfair Jeff Double Standard.
It’s Friday. How many people have been forced off their plans and lost their doctors today because of ObamaCare?
China talks about the so-called "carbon footprint" and then behind our leaders backs they laugh. They could (cont) 
Thank you for the massive turnout tonight- Cleveland Ohio! Get out &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8.Watch rally here:… 
Sanctions Relief From Clinton-Obama Iran Nuclear Deal Likely Go to Terrorists: #BigLeagueTruth #VPDebate
#TrumpAdvice 
The Russian Witch Hunt Hoax continues all because Jeff Sessions didn’t tell me he was going to recuse himself...I would have quickly picked someone else. So much time and money wasted so many lives ruined...and Sessions knew better than most that there was No Collusion!
Obama is making the Ebola problem much worse than it needs to be in the U.S. by not halting flights from West Africa. Airport testing a joke
...Hence I would fully expect Corker to be a negative voice and stand in the way of our great agenda. Didn't have the guts to run!
President Obama Gruber and all of the other Obama cronies got ObamaCare passed by lies and fraudulent statements. Courts should overturn!
I wonder who @ArsenioHall's first guest will be---- his show will be great!
...lottery continues deadly catch-and-release and bars enforcement even for FUTURE illegal immigrants. Voting for this amendment would be a vote AGAINST law enforcement and a vote FOR open borders. If Dems are actually serious about DACA they should support the Grassley bill!
“Learning is a new beginning we can give ourselves every day.” – Trump: How to Get Rich
Congratulations to my friend @TheSlyStallone on winning a #GoldenGlobe. A wonderful guy- who has created something special- well deserved!
Will be on @jimmykimmel tonight at 11:35pmE on @ABC. #Kimmel #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Let Pete into the Hall of Fame-  @PeteRose_14
Thank you @IvankaTrump for the kind words. I am very proud of the role model you are for so many. NH &amp; IA radio ad: 
Obama’s policies have led to food stamp rolls growing 75X faster than job production   We can't afford 4 more years.
White House news conference at 5:00 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
Less than one week away from implementation ObamaCare’s small business exchanges are not ready! A disaster!
“Donald Trump: $200 Million D.C. Hotel Will Be Among World’s Best”  via @WNEW
Be sure to enjoy the ‘50th Anniversary Chicago International Film Festival’ at @TrumpChicago the Windy City’s top hotel!
....energy independence manufacturing resilience illegal immigration coming down the Wall going up China confronted the caliphate defeated NAFTA renegotiated our militsry rebuilt NATO paying more regulations costing less.......and much more. This is why they’re....
Our great U.S. Border Patrol Agents made the biggest Fentanyl bust in our Country’s history. Thanks as always for a job well done!
He @BarackObama received an early endorsement from the Soviet newspaper Pravda over @MittRomney (cont) 
Trump urges GOP to be 'mean as hell'    Via @CNNPolitics
Chicago will never stop its crime wave with the current Superintendent of Police. It just won’t happen! Thank you to Kevin Graham and all of the GREAT Chicago Police Officers I just had the privilege to meet. Tremendous crime fighting potential if allowed to do your thing!
Spoke today with Venezuelan Interim President Juan Guaido to congratulate him on his historic assumption of the presidency and reinforced strong United States support for Venezuela’s fight to regain its democracy....
Soon to be Speaker Nancy Pelosi said last week live from the Oval Office that the Republicans didn’t have the votes for Border Security. Today the House Republicans voted and won 217-185. Nancy does not have to apologize. All I want is GREAT BORDER SECURITY!
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool...
THANK YOU AMERICA!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
The Budget Agreement today is so important for our great Military. It ends the dangerous sequester and gives Secretary Mattis what he needs to keep America Great. Republicans and Democrats must support our troops and support this Bill!
Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama. Luther Strange started way back &amp; ran a good race. Roy WIN in Nov!
“At least two Memos Comey shared with a friend contained Classified Information.”  Wall Street Journal
.@ariannahuff is unattractive both inside and out. I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man- he made a good decision.
Certainly has been an interesting 24 hours!
All necessary work has been completed to declare Mexican Cartels terrorist organizations. Statutorily we are ready to do so. However at the request of a man who I like and respect and has worked so well with us President Andres Manuel @LopezObrador_ we....
I really liked everyone at the @WWE Hall of Fame ceremony--fantastic people!
True! 
Jeffrey Lord @AmSpec—Thank you for the presentation—terrific job!
The Democrats are so self righteous and ANGRY! Loosen up and have some fun. The Country is doing well!
The North Coast of Scotland is spectacular--the sea the sand dunes the rolling bluffs--we walked the course and it is fantastic.
I will be there in two weeks The Southern White House! 
Thank you Peter - if elected I will think big for our country &amp; never let the American people down! #AmericaFirst 
2012 is the most important election of my lifetime. @BarackObama must be defeated.
Congratulations to @serenawilliams on another big win. She is a great player and an even greater person. Our members in Virginia (Tennis) will never forget you! 
THANK YOU UTAH! #KAG2020 
The biggest winner of Obama’s ’08 win --- Vladimir Putin. Ultimately he could be tied with Iran after Tehran becomes a nuclear power.
The Trump Spa @TrumpNewYork is a serene sanctuary featuring luxurious spa treatment rooms saunas and steam rooms 
New national poll released. Join the MOVEMENT &amp; together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  
Our thoughts and prayers remain with Bret Michaels and his family and for his speedy recovery.
Thank you @MarkLevinShow! 
Either Miss Pennsylvania will pay her father will pay or her lawyers will pay. She hurt many people!
Man shot inside Paris police station. Just announced that terror threat is at highest level. Germany is a total mess-big crime. GET SMART!
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing &amp; Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
Excited to be returning to the @NCGOP State Convention as the Keynote of Saturday’s dinner! @NCGOP is a strong Conservative state party!
Be  yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. -- Steve Jobs
Our great Farmers will recieve another major round of “cash” compliments of China Tariffs prior to Thanksgiving. The smaller farms and farmers will be big beneficiaries. In the meantime and as you may have noticed China is starting to buy big again. Japan deal DONE. Enjoy!
The Fake News Media has never been so wrong or so dirty. Purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate. Sad!
Just got back from New Hampshire. Great crowd great people! Will be back soon!
The Iran deal is terrible. Why didn't we get the uranium stockpile - it was sent to Russia. #SOTU
Conde Nast Traveler Readers' Choice Awards Best Resorts in Europe: Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Golf Links Doonbeg voted #1. 
In the early days of the hurricane when it was predicted that Dorian would go through Miami or West Palm Beach even before it reached the Bahamas certain models strongly suggested that Alabama &amp; Georgia would be hit as it made its way through Florida &amp; to the Gulf....
In war there is no substitute for victory. -- Douglas MacArthur
...if Congress gives us the massive tax cuts (and reform) I am asking for those numbers will grow by leaps and bounds. #MAGA
Nervous Nancy Pelosi &amp; the Democrat House are getting nothing done. Perhaps they could lead the way with the USMCA the spectacular &amp; very popular new Trade Deal that replaces NAFTA the worst Trade Deal in the history of the U.S.A. Great for our Farmers Manufacturers &amp; Unions!
The legendary Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a special this Friday night at 10:00 on ABC. Don't miss it!
.@MariaBartiromo  “No evidence to launch even an investigation into potential collusion between Donald Trump and the Russians - and here we are a year and a half later.”
Based on the Tariffs and Trade Barriers long placed on the U.S. and it great companies and workers by the European Union if these Tariffs and Barriers are not soon broken down and removed we will be placing a 20% Tariff on all of their cars coming into the U.S. Build them here!
Both Obama administration and House leadership staffs are exempt from ObamaCare. Why not the American people? #MakeDCListen
Elect more Republicans in  November and we will pass the finest fairest and most comprehensive Immigration Bills anywhere in the world. Right now we have the dumbest and the worst. Dems are doing nothing but Obstructing. Remember their motto RESIST! Ours is PRODUCE!
A look at the Trump hotel planned for the Old Post Office pavilion  via @washingtonpost
“The President did nothing wrong here. There is no crime.” @charliekirk11  Impeachment Hoax!
Curtis Sliwa - doing tv commentary on 9/13/2001. Good job Curtis. Please send your apologies to @realDonaldTrump. 
Congressman Randy Hultgren (R) of Illinois is doing a great job. Get out and Vote for Randy - Total Endorsement!
Heading back to Washington from @Davos  Switzerland. Very successful (for USA) trip!
.@CNN has to do better reporting if it wants to keep up with the crowd.So totally one-sided and biased against me that it is becoming boring
You’re hired! The @CENTURY21 ad is airing during the #SuperBowl and you need to get voting! Vote for me & @CENTURY21: 
To the great and brave men and women of ICE do not worry or lose your spirit. You are doing a fantastic job of keeping us safe by eradicating the worst criminal elements. So brave! The radical left Dems want you out. Next it will be all police. Zero chance It will never happen!
Crazy Nancy Pelosi should spend more time in her decaying city and less time on the Impeachment Hoax! 
Just as I predicted @BarackObama is preparing a possible attack on Iran right before November. 
President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie.
Have some fun with this- 
Julian Assange said "a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta" - why was DNC so careless? Also said Russians did not give him the info!
Thank you Rad - looking great! 
Fans shouldn't worry.  We have adjusted the filming schedule of the upcoming 13th season of @CelebApprentice appropriately due to the storm.
Happy birthday to my friend the great @jacknicklaus - a totally special guy!
Thank you @TrumpWomensTour!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Happy #SmallBusinessSaturday!A great day to support your community and America’s JOB creators by shopping locally at a #SmallBiz. #ShopSmall 
Thank you to Carmen Yulin Cruz the Mayor of San Juan for your kind words on FEMA etc.We are working hard. Much food and water there/on way
Spoke w/ President Erdogan of Turkey to advise where we stand on all matters including our last two weeks of success in fighting the remnants of ISIS and 20 mile safe zone. Also spoke about economic development between the U.S. &amp; Turkey - great potential to substantially expand!
Just made my second stop in Minnesota for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally. We need to elect @KarinHousley to the U.S. Senate and we need the strong leadership of @TomEmmer @Jason2CD @JimHagedornMN and @PeteStauber in the U.S. House!
Thank you to NBC for the correction! 
The Amazon Washington Post and three lowlife reporters Matt Zapotosky Josh Dawsey and Carol Leonnig wrote another Fake News story without any sources (pure fiction) about Bill Barr &amp; myself. We both deny this story which they knew before they wrote it. A garbage newspaper!
Tonight we gathered to celebrate the courageous men and women who make freedom possible: our brave service members and our wonderful Veterans. For 242 years American Independence...
The  Amazon Washington Post and @CNN just did a Fake Interview on Pardons for Aids on the Wall and that I didn’t think the Wall on the Southern Border was that important to stop Illegals wanting to come into our Country. WRONG vitally important. Will make a BIG impact. So bad!
Outright disgusting--the Obama administration has continually stonewalled and lied to US Amb. Sean Smith's mother 
Get your great T-Shirts “Cops for Trump” at   REALLY NICE! Thank you to Minneapolis Police Officers &amp; Union! @foxandfriends
How does Da Nang Dick (Blumenthal) serve on the Senate Judiciary Committee when he defrauded the American people about his so called War Hero status in Vietnam only to later admit with tears pouring down his face that he was never in Vietnam. An embarrassment to our Country!
Despite what you hear in the press healthcare is coming along great. We are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture!
Terrible for the economy &amp; middle class gas has now been over $3/gallon for a record 1245 days  FRACK NOW &amp; FAST!
The Republicans have been played into a trap by the President--they forgot the 14th amendment.....
Why does @BarackObama support the radical Islamists in Egypt protests yet has such a high disregard for the Tea Party?
Everyone in the path of #HurricaneLane please prepare yourselves heed the advice of State and local officials and follow @NWSHonolulu for updates. Be safe! 
Just leaving Miami for Houston Oklahoma and Colorado. Miami crowd was fantastic!
Just returned to the beautiful @WhiteHouse after a great day in Wisconsin and Ohio! 
Our founders invoked our Creator four times in the Declaration of Independence. Our currency declares “IN GOD WE TRUST.” And we place our hands on our hearts as we recite the Pledge of Allegiance and proclaim that we are “One Nation Under God.” #NationalPrayerBreakfast 
You would think there is NO WAY that any of the Democrat Candidates that we witnessed last night could possibly become President of the United States. Now you see why they have no choice but to push a totally illegal &amp; absurd Impeachment of one of the most successful Presidents!
Major rescue operations underway!
Lets just call them WALLS from now on and stop playing political games! A WALL is a WALL!
Placing the ball in the right position for the next shot is eighty percent of winning golf. -- Ben Hogan
Our infrastructure plan has been put forward and has received great reviews by everyone except of course the Democrats. After many years we have taken care of our Military now we have to fix our roads bridges tunnels airports and more. Bipartisan make deal Dems?
The Fake News is becoming more and more dishonest! Even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in Germany is made to look sinister!
With the courage of our doctors and nurses with the skill of our scientists and innovators with the determination of the American People and with the grace of God WE WILL WIN THIS WAR. When we achieve this victory we will emerge stronger and more united than ever before! 
Wacky Nut Job @AnnCoulter who still hasn’t figured out that despite all odds and an entire Democrat Party of Far Left Radicals against me (not to mention certain Republicans who are sadly unwilling to fight) I am winning on the Border. Major sections of Wall are being built...
Today Elizabeth Warren sometimes referred to by me as Pocahontas joined the race for President. Will she run as our first Native American presidential candidate or has she decided that after 32 years this is not playing so well anymore? See you on the campaign TRAIL Liz!
A true piece about the standing ovations I got yesterday 
...So far he has been a complete failure at doing so. He should read The Art of the Deal and use his energy to focus on a new career.
....it’s going to go nowhere. They are going to impeach not because they have the evidence but because they hate the president. I think the American people know that this is a waste of time this is Democrats putting on a circus. @SenTedCruz interviewed by Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd
The Democrats are getting very “strange.” They now want to change the voting age to 16 abolish the Electoral College and Increase significantly the number of Supreme Court Justices. Actually you’ve got to win it at the Ballot Box!
Autism Speaks head up by Bob &amp; Suzanne Wright does a fantastic job—if only we had more people like them! To help: 
The media coverage this morning of the very average Clinton speech and Convention is a joke. @CNN and the little watched @Morning_Joe = SAD!
Looking forward to hosting our heroes from the Wounded Warrior Project (@WWP) Soldier Ride to the @WhiteHouse on Th… 
...have shown conclusively that there was no Collusion with Russia..just excuse for losing. The only Collusion was that done by the DNC the Democrats and Crooked Hillary. The writer of the story Maggie Haberman a Hillary flunky knows nothing about me and is not given access.
Christopher Columbus’s spirit of determination &amp; adventure has provided inspiration to generations of Americans. On #ColumbusDay we honor his remarkable accomplishments as a navigator &amp; celebrate his voyage into the unknown expanse of the Atlantic Ocean. 
The Federal government has $2.7T in assets &amp; $17.5T in total liabilities plus another $4.7T in intergovernmental debt. Have a nice day.
Many countries in NATO which we are expected to defend are not only short of their current commitment of 2% (which is low) but are also delinquent for many years in payments that have not been made. Will they reimburse the U.S.?
Thank you Bill say hello to our GREAT VETERANS! 
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! 
Great job by MichaelCaputo on @foxandfriends.
The lights went out in New Orleans...the Country's lights went out also. We are not the same place!
Thanks to everyone who has waited in the long lines at the #TimeToGetTough book signings. It is great to meet fellow patriots.
Today it was my tremendous honor to visit Marine Helicopter Squadron One (HMX-1) at the Marine Corps Air Facility in Quantico Virginia. I am honored to serve as your Commander-in-Chief. On behalf of an entire Nation THANK YOU for your sacrifice and service. We love you! 
I believe it will be Crazy Bernie Sanders vs. Sleepy Joe Biden as the two finalists to run against maybe the best Economy in the history of our Country (and MANY other great things)! I look forward to facing whoever it may be. May God Rest Their Soul!
Democrats want Open Borders and they want to abolish ICE the brave men and women that our protecting our Country from some of the most vicious and dangerous people on earth! Sorry we can’t let that happen!Also change the rules in the Senate and approve STRONG Border Security!
Ed Gillespie worked hard but did not embrace me or what I stand for. Don’t forget Republicans won 4 out of 4 House seats and with the economy doing record numbers we will continue to win even bigger than before!
I can’t believe my friend Derek Jeter is out for whole season--injured day he left Trump World Tower. Lucky bldg.-- Move back fast!

Scary. Our military is a using a Chinese made satellite for North Africa command communications 
Schumer has brought great danger to the steps of the United States Supreme Court!
#CrookedHillary 
Going to Ohio home of one of the worst presidential candidates in history--Kasich. Can't debate loves #ObamaCare--dummy!
My deepest sympathies and respect go out to the family of Senator John McCain. Our hearts and prayers are with you!
As the President of the United States I have an absolute right perhaps even a duty to investigate or have investigated CORRUPTION and that would include asking or suggesting other Countries to help us out!
Can’t believe they are bringing in John Dean the disgraced Nixon White House Counsel who is a paid CNN contributor. No Collusion - No Obstruction! Democrats just want a do-over which they’ll never get!
Sadly this kind of stuff even happened to Ronald Reagan. There is nothing nice about it! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Other networks are begging me to do a show--I can't because I'm doing the Apprentice!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren and her phony Native American heritage are on a Twitter rant. She is too easy! I'm driving her nuts.
Why would college graduates want Crooked Hillary as their President? She will destroy them! 
So Congressman Tim Ryan of Ohio has finally dropped out of the race for President registering ZERO in the polls &amp; unable to even qualify for the debate stage. See Tim it’s not so easy out there if you don’t know what you’re doing. He wasn’t effective for USA workers just talk!
Watch @seanhannity on @FoxNews NOW. Enjoy!
SOUTHERN BORDER CRISIS! @LouDobbs 
....Together we are putting into policy a plan to prevent detect treat and create a vaccine against CoronaVirus to save lives in America and the world. America will get it done!
Billions of additional dollars are being spent by NATO countries since my visit last year at my request but it isn’t nearly enough. U.S. spends too much. Europe’s borders are BAD! Pipeline dollars to Russia are not acceptable!
I love being in South Carolina. We are leading big in all of the State polls - Saturday is a BIG day. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
....working with labor and everyone else. He will be a great member of an Administration that has done more in the first 2 ½ years than perhaps any Administration in history!
Looking forward to being interviewed on the @marklevinshow tonight at 6:30 PM EST.  Be sure to listen!
Just arrived in Taormina with @FLOTUS Melania. #G7Summit #USA🇺🇸 
So many amazing things happened over the last three days. All or at least most of those things are great for the United States. Much was accomplished!
The appointment of the Special Counsel is totally UNCONSTITUTIONAL! Despite that we play the game because I unlike the Democrats have done nothing wrong!
Our entire Nation w/one heavy heart continues to pray for the victims &amp; their families in Parkland FL. To teachers law enforcement first responders &amp; medical professionals who responded so bravely in the face of danger: We THANK YOU for your courage!  
So some day if a Democrat becomes President and the Republicans win the House even by a tiny margin they can impeach the President without due process or fairness or any legal rights. All Republicans must remember what they are witnessing here - a lynching. But we will WIN!
My great honor! 
Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself. My children especially my 11 year old son Barron are having a hard time with this. Sick!
We are marshalling the full power of government and society to achieve victory over the virus. Together we will endure we will prevail and we will WIN! #CARESAct 
“The minute that you’re not learning I believe you’re dead.” – Jack Nicholson
Mitt get off the stage you’ve had your turn (twice)! 
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party a Record! 53% overall (plus add 9 points?). Corrupt Democrat politicians have brought me to highest polling numbers ever with the Impeachment Hoax. Thank you Nancy!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
....different places that he thought were wasteful and the career staff as they always do pushed back and nade s million excuses as to why they could not possibly stop spending U.S.taxpayer money. There was a back &amp; forth over the legal arguments &amp; the W.H. decision was....q
Don't worry getting rid of state lines which will promote competition will be in phase 2 &amp; 3 of healthcare rollout. @foxandfriends
We should stop talking stay out of Syria and other countries that hate us rebuild our own country and make it strong and great again-USA!
Should have settled … Ft Lauderdale plaintiffs must pay me close to $400k in legal fees after Trump trial victory.
....the captured ISIS fighters and families. The U.S. has done far more than anyone could have ever expected including the capture of 100% of the ISIS Caliphate. It is time now for others in the region some of great wealth to protect their own territory. THE USA IS GREAT!
When is the media going to talk about Hillary's policies that have gotten people killed like Libya open borders and maybe her emails?
Excited to announce Trump Rio de Janeiro our first South American @TrumpCollection hotel set to open in 2016 
Good advice from my father Fred C. Trump:"Know everything you can about what you're doing."
With all that is happening with Ebola including the doctor who so easily came back to New York Obama still refuses to stop the flights!
“The congratulatory phone call with the Ukrainian President was PERFECT unless you heard Liddle’ Adam Schiff’s fraudulently made up version of the call. This is just another Fake News Media together with their partner the Democrat Party HOAX!
Thank you  @kayleighmcenany for your nice words - great knowledge and style! We are doing really well in South Carolina. @CNN @donlemon
Does anybody really want to throw out good educated and accomplished young people who have jobs some serving in the military? Really!.....
Just returned to White House from Dover. Very sad! 
Just found out that at a charity auction of celebrity portraits in E. Hampton my portrait by artist William Quigley topped  list at $60K
The negative television commercials about me paid for by the politicians bosses are a total #Mediafraud. When you watch remember!
So proud of the @USACEHQ @FEMA and the Federal Government for the 2900 bed hospital they built in 4 days (way ahead of schedule) in the Javits Center for NY. We are now moving the teams to join others so they can continue to build more hospitals/beds. Keep up the GREAT WORK!
Fact – while Jeb was governor &amp; Rubio was House Majority Leader Florida’s debt more than doubled. Conservatives?
Moody's is out to make publicity. The bank downgrades from yesterday don't make up for @Moody's giving AAA (cont) 
To the geniuses at 'Americans United for Change': the more you tax me the less people I employ. Get it?
Bernie Sanders started off strong but with the selection of Kaine for V.P. is ending really weak. So much for a movement! TOTAL DISRESPECT
Wow big lines in Kansas.
Wow so nice! Thank you Wayne Allyn Root. 
Good news - @RasmussenPoll has @MittRomney beating @BarackObama 49%-44%    Obama was up by 5% at same point in '08.
Iran continues to delay the nuclear deal while doing many bad things behind our backs. Time to WALK and double the sanctions. Stop payments!
“Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.” - Henry Ford
.@VanityFair’s 2013 dwindling sales continue to sink at an even faster record rate under Graydon Carter  Disaster!
My bestselling book from last April Think Like a Champion is now available in paperback. It's inspiring entertaining and a great read.
Can you believe that I will be impeached today by the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats AND I DID NOTHING WRONG! A terrible Thing. Read the Transcripts. This should never happen to another President again. Say a PRAYER!
Presidential Harassment!
Watch my appearances on Good Day NY...  and @FoxandFriends... 
Why is it that the Wall Street Journal though well meaning never mentions the unfairness of the Tariffs routinely charged against the U.S. by other countries or the many Billions of Dollars that the Tariffs we are now charging are and will be pouring into U.S. coffers?
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on Fox tomorrow morning. Tune in!
Why doesn't phony  @bobvanderplaats tell his followers all the times he asked for him and his family to stay at my hotels-didn't like paying
Now that the Democrats and the Fake News Media have gone “bust” on every other of their Witch Hunt schemes they are trying to start one just as ridiculous as the others call it the Ukraine Witch Hunt while at the same time trying to protect Sleepy Joe Biden. Will fail again!
Just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you don’t know what you’re doing.
Impeachment Witch Hunt is now OVER! Ambassador Sondland asks U.S. President (me): “What do you want from Ukraine? I keep hearing all these different ideas &amp; theories. What do you want? It was a very abrupt conversation. He was not in a good mood. He (the President) just said”...
Congratulations to the GREAT Jerry West!  
Everything you can imagine is real. —Pablo Picasso
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
.@daveweigel of the Washington Post just admitted that his picture was a FAKE (fraud?) showing an almost empty arena last night for my speech in Pensacola when in fact he knew the arena was packed (as shown also on T.V.). FAKE NEWS he should be fired.
Looking forward to the debate tonight and will be tweeting live with very honest assessment.
....at the judges that we have right now.
“The process has been unfair. Republicans can’t even get their own witnesses. It gets me that Adam Schiff is not punishable for lying in any way.” @MariaBartiromo
Democrats are not interested in Border Safety &amp; Security or in the funding and rebuilding of our Military. They are only interested in Obstruction!
Hillary Clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in. Nothing will change
....FISA abuse Christopher Steele &amp; his phony and corrupt Dossier the Clinton Foundation illegal surveillance of Trump Campaign Russian collusion by Dems - and so much more. Open up the papers &amp; documents without redaction? Come on Jeff you can do it the country is waiting!
Dwyane Wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!
“A lot of Democrats wished they voted for the Tax Cuts because the economy is booming - we could have 4% growth now and the Fed said yesterday that unemployment could drop again.”  @foxandfriends  @kilmeade
Disloyal R's are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary. They come at you from all sides. They don’t know how to win - I will teach them!
The Democratic National Committee sometimes referred to as the DNC is again working its magic in its quest to destroy Crazy Bernie Sanders....
...dwindling subscribers and readers.They got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course and never will. DISHONEST
.@JebBush's opening and closing in the debate were said by all to be terrible--fumbled around incoherent.
When will Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd and @NBCNews start talking about the Obama SURVEILLANCE SCANDAL and stop with the Fake Trump/Russia story?
The jury in the Jodi Arias trial is believe it or not still out. You never know but such a long deliberation could be good for the defense
We save a fortune by not doing war games as long as we are negotiating in good faith - which both sides are!
We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. If we don't get smart it will only get worse
I just left @trumpwinery in CharlottesvilleVirginia --- it is the finest in the country--- really incredible!
“I like thinking big.  To me it’s very simple: if you’re going to be thinking anyway you might as well think big.” – The Art of The Deal
As President I will bring jobs back and get wages up for Americans who need it most.   
Congress must pass smart fast and reasonable Immigration Laws now. Law Enforcement at the Border is doing a great job but the laws they are forced to work with are insane. When people with or without children enter our Country they must be told to leave without our........
....Great bravery shown by police. California Highway Patrol was on scene within 3 minutes with first officer to enter shot numerous times. That Sheriff’s Sergeant died in the hospital. God bless all of the victims and families of the victims. Thank you to Law Enforcement.
“Take the time to move yourself forward. In other words think work and be lucky.” – Think Like a Champion
THe WH should not have hosted the Muslim Brotherhood. @BarackObama's friends are enemies of the US and @Israel. The Islamist winter is here.
In the plane heading to Iowa State Fair. Will be great fun. Hopefully giving helicopter rides to some of the kids.
James Comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job bringing back the spirit and prestige of the FBI.
Please tell Prime Minister Trudeau and President Macron that they are charging the U.S. massive tariffs and create non-monetary barriers. The EU trade surplus with the U.S. is $151 Billion and Canada keeps our farmers and others out. Look forward to seeing them tomorrow.
.....existence of these tweets in which you were so harshly negative about the President &amp; the people who support him. Don’t you think we wanted to know that before we put you on this jury.’ Pretty obvious he should (get a new trial). I think almost any judge in the Country.....
I will totally protect your Medicare &amp; Social Security!
The #2A to our Constitution is clear. The right of the people to keep &amp; bear Arms shall not be infringed upon. 
....Fighting continues but the people of Afghanistan want peace in this never ending war. We will soon see if talks will be successful? North Korea relationship is best it has ever been with U.S. No testing getting remains hostages returned. Decent chance of Denuclearization...
....I don’t like him using my name to build his consulting company or whatever. Please advise his clients and Administration officials accordingly.
When confronted @RickSantorum can't defend his ridiculous attacks on @MittRomney 
Thank you Ohio. Together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Purchase your copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA now &amp; be on potential call list for my live streaming signing event tonite.  
....discretion and only as a last resort.” Thank you to the great Michael Goodwin. Could not have said it better myself!
...blowing MASSIVE holes inside of the theory the narrative that Chairman Schiff has been providing to the public. @RepLeeZeldin 
WHY CAN'T THE MEDIA TELL THE TRUTH - WE WOULD ALL BE SO MUCH BETTER OFF!
Today @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome members of Team USA to the @WhiteHouse for a great celebration of their success during the 2019 @SpecialOlympics @WorldGamesAD! Congratulations @specialolyUSA! #Cheer4USA 
“DOW NASDAQ S&amp;P 500 CLOSE AT RECORD HIGHS” 
Trump Int'l Golf Links &amp; Hotel Ireland is on 400 beautiful acres &amp; fronts the Atlantic Ocean for 2.5 miles. Spectac!
No wonder Afghanistan is a mess! @BarackObama is releasing high level insurgents in exchange for pledges of peace. 
Great speech by my good friend @GovChristie. He did something you won't hear at @BarackObama's convention---tell the truth.
So many people are agreeing with me on not creating a "highway" for Ebola to the U.S. Started in small area of Africa and now spreading fast
Stock Market is on track to have the best June in over 50 years! Thank you Mr. President! @WallStreetJour
Obama told the UN that “the world is more stable than it was 5 years ago.” Is he delusional?
.@foxandfriends  “My hope is that impeachment will never become this trivial again.” @kilmeade  Well said Brian!
51 Million American to travel this weekend - highest number in twelve years (AAA). Traffic and airports are running very smoothly!  @FoxNews
Great listening session with CEO's of the Retail Industry Leaders Association this morning! 
Lowering drug prices for many Americans - including our great seniors! At my direction @HHSGov @SecAzar just released a Safe Importation Action Plan. Our Governors will be very happy too! @GovRonDeSantis @GovofCO 
It wasn't Donald Trump that divided this country this country has been divided for a long time! Stated today by Reverend Franklin Graham.
....during his hopeless “presidential” campaign. They will remain silent! The fact is when Mini losses he will be spending very little of his money on these “clowns” because he will consider himself to be the biggest clown of them all - and he will be right!
In speaking with some of the world’s top business leaders I asked what it is that would make business (jobs) even better in the U.S. “Stop quarterly reporting &amp; go to a six month system” said one. That would allow greater flexibility &amp; save money. I have asked the SEC to study!
It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.  - Douglas MacArthur
Entrepreneurs: Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. Remember to focus on the solution--not the problem.
Why isn't Obama protecting us from ridiculous gas prices?
I am deeply disturbed by what I have read in the case of @TrayvonMartin. I support a full investigation and justice.
Adam Schiff should only be so lucky to have the brains honor and strength of Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. For a lowlife like Schiff who completely fabricated my words and read them to Congress as though they were said by me to demean a First in Class at West Point is SAD!
....the American public’s tone deafness - &amp; it should be intolerable because the American people have had it with this.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends  The Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats have gone CRAZY. They want to make it as hard as possible for me to properly run our Country!
Just spoke to @KanyeWest about his friend A$AP Rocky’s incarceration. I will be calling the very talented Prime Minister of Sweden to see what we can do about helping A$AP Rocky. So many people would like to see this quickly resolved!
Interesting how the U.S. sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call.
Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
If the Palestinians want statehood then why are they run by the terrorist group Hamas?
Once again Obama is going to lose on another prospective nomination. Chuck Hagel will not be named Sec. of Defense--&amp; probably shouldn't be.
It's 4.35 a.m. and I am working on a very exciting (and hopefully very good) deal - a major resort. THE HARDER I WORK THE LUCKIER I GET!
....Richard Cordray will let you down just like he did when he destroyed the government agency that he ran. Clone of Pocahontas that’s not for Ohio. Mike has my Total Endorsement!
The cast and producers of Hamilton which I hear is highly overrated should immediately apologize to Mike Pence for their terrible behavior
After raising w/ no obligation almost $6M for Vets I couldn't believe protesters formed @ Trump Tower. JUST OUT- SENT BY CROOKED HILLARY!
The polling numbers for 2012 are very interesting--will Americans ultimately want their leaders to be 'likeable' or 'competent'?
I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 - will be discussing the the Donald Sterling (Clippers) MESS!
.@SteveHiltonx “The Democrats statements about Donald Trump are lies. Here are the Facts.” I will soon be posting the entire segment. Too much positive news too many good things to Tweet. PLEASE BE SURE TO WATCH! Thank you Steve Hilton for being a real pro and not being afraid!
Speaker Paul Ryan is a truly good man and while he will not be seeking re-election he will leave a legacy of achievement that nobody can question. We are with you Paul!
25 Million Evangelical Christians are not registered to vote. We are working hard to get them registered! @robertjeffress @LouDobbs
Tracking 149 polls from 29 pollsters nationwide/HuffPost Pollster #GOP 
....on all Trump or Trump related matters! While “elections have consequences” I only ask for fairness especially when it comes to decisions made by the United States Supreme Court!
Thank you to Tom Brady Coach Ditka Coach Bobby Knight and all of the many champions that have been so supportive!
It's a national embarrassment that an illegal immigrant can walk across the border and receive free health care and one of our Veterans.....

America is the greatest Country in the world and my job is to fight for ALL citizens even those who have made mistakes. Congratulations to the Senate on the bi-partisan passing of a historic Criminal Justice Reform Bill....
When James Clapper himself and virtually everyone else with knowledge of the witch hunt says there is no collusion when does it end?
Great evening last night thank you! 
Such a great victory in court yesterday on the Russian Hoax the greatest political scam in the history of our Country. TREASON! Hopefully the Attorney Generel of the United States and all of those working with him will find out in great detail what happened. NEVER AGAIN!!!!
This morning I will be going to the Commissioning Ceremony for the largest aircraft carrier in the world The Gerald R. Ford.  Norfolk Va.
At the request of many and even though I expect it to be a very boring two hours I will be covering the Democrat Debate live on twitter!
I bet the dumbest political commentator on television @Lawrence will soon be thrown off the air for poor (cont) 
While I’m beating my opponents in the polls I’m also beating lobbyists special interests &amp; donors that are supporting them with billions.
Due to popular demand @lisarinna returns to the 13th season of All-Star @CelebApprentice. Lisa's fans won't be disappointed!
Today I am proud to keep another promise to the American people as I sign the #RightToTry Legislation into law. 
Join me LIVE in South Korea🇺🇸🇰🇷#NationalAssembly #POTUSinAsia ➡️ 
Wow President Obama's brother Malik just announced that he is voting for me. Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else!
Had a great time on @IngrahamAngle this morning.
The Mueller investigation is totally conflicted illegal and rigged! Should never have been allowed to begin except for the Collusion and many crimes committed by the Democrats. Witch Hunt!
Chuck Hagel: Wrong For Defense  via @NewYorkObserver
Wow new polls just came out from @CNN   Great numbers especially after total media hit job. Leading Ohio 48 - 44.
Just out- @ApprenticeNBC was in first place in all demos during the 10PM hour in the ratings.
Via @CNNPolitics by @JDiamond1: “Trump: RNC call was 'congratulatory'”
N.A.T.O. is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on!
Great even in SC tonight! Fire Marshall would not let everyone in-- 5000 turned away. Thank you for coming!
Join me live from Fort Myer in Arlington Virginia. ➡️
Corrupt--@BarackObama's largest bundlers are fundraisers linked to the Obama Solyndra boondoggle   Chicago cronyism
The real unemployment rate according to the CBO is 15%   @BarackObama's economic recovery is all "Hope"
Bernie caved! 
#FraudNewsCNN #FNN 
I just saw the movie "Unbroken" -- very good except I thought the ending was weak no retribution! And we complain about waterboarding.
Together we're going to restore safety to our streets and peace to our communities and we're going to destroy the vile criminal cartel #MS13 and many other gangs...'Hundreds arrested in MS-13 crackdown' 
Will be going to Camp David tomorrow morning for meetings on Border Security and many other topics with @WhiteHouse senior staff.
WWII vs. Now! During the 3 1/2 years of World War II that started with the Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor (cont) 
South Carolina was GREAT. A BIG &amp; REALLY ENTHUSIASTIC CROWD!
Worst graphics and stage backdrop ever at the Oscars. Show is terrible really BORING!
Wowthe Fake News media did everything in its power to make the Republican Healthcare victory look as bad as possible.Far better than Ocare!
Nobody beats me on National Security. 
.@Joan_Rivers —I know you’re watching- what did you think of your impersonator?
One of the country’s dumbest newspapers—The Palm Beach Post--should be put to sleep. It’s dying. @pbpost
Wow “FBI lawyer James Baker reassigned” according to @FoxNews.
Congratulations to the Great (and my friend) Roger Penske on winning his 18th (UNBELIEVABLE!) Indianapolis 500. I am in Japan very early in the morning but I got to watch Simon drive one of the greatest races in the history of the sport. I will see them both &amp; TEAM at the WH!
A very interesting take from @KatiePavlich: 
Happy #ArmedForcesDay to our GREAT military men and women for their selfless service to our Nation! 
Talks on Repealing and Replacing ObamaCare are and have been going on and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck.
....But the questions should be asked why were all of Clinton’s people given immunity and why were the text messages of Peter S and his lover Lisa Page deleted and destroyed right after they left Mueller and after we requested them(this is Illegal)?
.@WayneDupreeShow  A fantastic guy!
Election is being rigged by the media in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign by putting stories that never happened into news!
The White House Correspondents’ Dinner is DEAD as we know it. This was a total disaster and an embarrassment to our great Country and all that it stands for. FAKE NEWS is alive and well and beautifully represented on Saturday night!
....Mainstream Media which has lost all credibility has either officially or unofficially become a part of the Radical Left Democrat Party. It is a sick partnership so pathetic to watch! They even covered a tiny staged crowd as they greeted Foul Mouthed Omar in Minnesota a...
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman will probably win only because he is a Dem in NY but what a loser!
Alan Dershowitz Harvard Law Professor: “It all proves that we never needed a Special Councel....All of this could have been done by the Justice Dept. Don’t need a multi-million dollar group of people with a target on someone’s back. Not the way Justice should operate.” So true!
Not only is @Toure a racist (and boring) he's a really dumb guy!
Isn't the WORLD tired of hearing President Obama say he knew nothing about anything-time to take responsibility for all of your mistakes!
Spanish version of ObamaCare website  delayed  Hitting google translate apparently too complicated. #MakeDCListen
.@antbaxter  Thanks for helping promote &amp; make Trump International Golf Links Scotland so successful--you stupid fool!
The Democrats are going to lose a lot of House Seats because of their Fraudulent use of Impeachment. Schiff fabricated phone call a crime. Democrat Senate Seats will also be put at risk even some that were supposedly safe. Look at Louisiana last night North Carolina last week!

Thank you Jon working hard! 
After seven horrible years of ObamaCare (skyrocketing premiums &amp; deductibles bad healthcare) this is finally your chance for a great plan!
I don't hate Obama at all I just think he is an absolutely terrible president maybe the worst in our history!
I will bring our jobs back to the U.S. and keep our companies from leaving. Nobody else can do it. Our economy will "sing" again.
.@IamStevenT stopped by my office to say hello- a great guy! 
With the high prices of corn to continue expect even more inflation on the price of food.
 
It is time to rebuild OUR country to bring back OUR jobs to restore OUR dreams &amp; yes to put #AmericaFirst! TY O… 
Wow Crooked Hillary was duped and used by my worst Miss U. Hillary floated her as an "angel" without checking her past which is terrible!
New jobs report: 432000 left workforce manufacturing &amp; durable goods go -  We need leaders who understand business.

Bring back @JudgeJeanine Pirro. The Radical Left Democrats working closely with their beloved partner the Fake News Media is using every trick in the book to SILENCE a majority of our Country. They have all out campaigns against @FoxNews hosts who are doing too well. Fox .....
Meeting in Singapore with North Korea will hopefully be the start of something big...we will soon see!
Congratulations to @bobmcdonnell on leading Virginia to be in the black for a 3rd straight year. He is a fantastic governor.
What's more important for the American public to have? @MittRomney's tax returns or @BarackObama's sealed records?
.@garyplayer  you were great on @MikeAndMike this morning—&amp; the Gary Player Villa at @TrumpDoral is a hot ticket.
Big Trade Deal just agreed to with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. Will be great for our Farmers Ranchers and more. Really big Corn purchase!
We don't always think of our presidents as jobs and business negotiators but they are. Presidents are our (cont)  18:47:14,49,13,false,180726940364324864TwitLonger Beta,If we keep on this path if we reelect @BarackObama the America we leave our kids and grandkids won't look (cont) 
Jodi should try but the Govt. should not make a deal - no jury could be dumb enough to let her off (but you never know look at OJ &amp; others)
There must be JUSTICE. This can never happen to a President or our Country again! 
“Nancy Pelosi is trying to usurp the Constitutional role of the Senate. The longer this goes on the more petty partisan &amp; political it all looks.” @KarlRove @FoxNews Just more of the same from the Do Nothing Dems. Nancy should be helping the record number of homeless in her D!
.@CNN is unwatchable. Their news on me is fiction. Theyare a disgrace to the broadcasting industry and an arm of the Clinton campaign.
Via @BreitbartNews by @AWRHawkins: "TRUMP PREACHES PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH IN PHOENIX" 
Democrats refused to vote down their ObamaCare subsidy. While Americans will be hit w/ rising premiums Washington won’t feel any pain
Snowing in Texas and Louisiana record setting freezing temperatures throughout the country and beyond. Global warming is an expensive hoax!
All across this nation we pray for our country and we THANK GOD for our United States Marines! Thank you. God Bless You. And God Bless America! 
An AMAZING CHAMPION. Great going Tiger! @TigerWoods 
Thank you Ritchie! 
Democrats in Congress must return from their Vacations and change the Immigration Laws or the Border despite the great job being done by Border Patrol will only get worse. Big sections of Wall now being built!
It's amazing how many people still come up to me to thank me for 'The Art of The Deal.' The book has changed a lot of lives.
Amazing comeback by The Heat - your friends at your favorite golf club Trump National Doral are proud of you. NOW for game 7!
I received such a nice letter today from someone who took refuge in Trump Tower during Sandy. It was my pleasure to help.
Do you believe this kind of bravery? Amazing drug seizure. WATCH! 
One point I made last night and will continue to push is that the @GOP can't be pollitically correct. We must fight fire with fire.
The Witch Hunt continues! 
If the committee of Republicans and Democrats now meeting on Border Security is not discussing or contemplating a Wall or Physical Barrier they are Wasting their time!
Watch the @nbc video where @realmissnvusa is crowned as the 63rd @MissUSA  The Crowning Moment!
The Failing New York Times stated in an article written by Obama flunky Peter Baker (who lovingly wrote Obama book)”Even after the President forecast the storm to include Alabama.” THIS IS NOT TRUE. I said VERY EARLY ON that it MAY EVEN hit Alabama. A BIG DIFFERENCE.....
Stock Markets (all three) hit another ALL TIME &amp; HISTORIC HIGH yesterday! You are sooo lucky to have me as your President (just kidding!). Spend your money well!
.@TheHill- Trump on Boehner resignation: 'It's a good thing' 
Today is one of the most important and solemn occasions of the year – the day we pay tribute to the Law Enforcement Heroes who gave their lives in the line of duty. They made the ultimate sacrifice so that we could live in safety and peace. We stand with our police (HEROES) 100%! 
There are huge opportunities for profits if you can think big &amp; create big solutions for the human needs brought by trends. -Think Big
THANK YOU - Youngstown Ohio! I love you! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow. #Trump2016 
Obama killed over 100k jobs by not approving Keystone XL pipeline and Canada is now selling the oil to China--very dumb!
There is no political necessity to keep Canada in the new NAFTA deal. If we don’t make a fair deal for the U.S. after decades of abuse Canada will be out. Congress should not interfere w/ these negotiations or I will simply terminate NAFTA entirely &amp; we will be far better off...
....The good news is that we are winning. Our real opponent is not the Democrats or the dwindling number of Republicans that lost their way and got left behind our primary opponent is the Fake News Media. In the history of our Country they have never been so bad!
Join @autismspeaks and light the world blue on 4/2. #LIUB will raise awareness for millions with autism!
“I’ve found that people work harder when they are held accountable and their confidence rises along with that.” – Midas Touch
Thank you Denver Colorado! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Don't miss me on @foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM
Some of your most popular questions answered in today's video 
John Sununu was more right than he even knew yesterday -- @BarackObama indeed needs to "learn how to be an American."
Inflation is here.  Record beef prices are hitting consumers pockets    Bad for family grills.
HAPPY 70th BIRTHDAY to the @USAirForce! The American people are eternally grateful. Thank you for keeping America PROUD STRONG and FREE! 
This George Zimmerman is really a mess - he really has to just disappear! (He attacked his wife last night).
I have been very consistent and always said that Iraq would fall as soon as the U.S. left. What a terrible waste of lives and money!
Sooner or later those who win are those who think they can. --Paul Tournier
Chrysler is moving a massive plant from Mexico to Michigan reversing a years long opposite trend. Thank you Chrysler a very wise decision. The voters in Michigan are very happy they voted for Trump/Pence. Plenty of more to follow!
.@Neilyoung A few months ago Neil Young came to my office looking for $$ on an audio deal &amp; called me last week to go to his concert. Wow!
“Thank you to President Trump on the Border. No American President has ever done this before.” Hector Garza National Border Patrol Council
Also great comeback by the New York Jets. That game was over until a really dumb defensive play by Tampa. Amazing.
Congratulations to @spurs on their @NBA championship. Well-deserved.
You can’t know it all yourself--anyone who thinks that they do is destined for mediocrity.” -- The Way To The Top,11-28-2012 21:57:22,351,137,false,273908466320560128Twitter Web Client,“The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said.” -- Peter Drucker,11-28-2012 21:55:19,810,302,false,273907952572846080Twitter Web Client,7 of 10 Americans prefer 'Merry Christmas' over 'Happy Holidays'   No surprise.,11-28-2012 21:51:02,1028,440,false,273906873156132864Twitter Web Client,Pervert alert–serial sexter @RepWeiner is making another step towards a comeback  All girls under 18 should block him.,11-28-2012 21:31:18,563,434,false,273901906651381760Twitter Web Client,Gabriel Aubry should learn how to fight—he became a punching bag. Always drama with Halle B!,11-28-2012 21:22:55,100,31,false,273899798044753920Twitter Web Client,Susan Rice is a good woman but Pres. O should not taunt the Republicans by appointing her S of S...,11-28-2012 20:46:25,72,22,false,273890614175739904Twitter Web Client,...Get along &amp; make deals for the good of the country!,11-28-2012 20:46:22,153,46,false,273890598996549633Twitter Web Client,Be sure to visit the world renowned Trump Tower Atrium to see our holiday decorations. 20:30:02,33,22,false,273886491044892673Twitter Web Client,Why do the Republicans always negotiate against themselves in public?  Watching them operate these fiscal negotiations is painful.,11-28-2012 20:21:35,210,69,false,273884361798086656Twitter Web Client,Treasury has refused to name China a currency manipulator even though the yuan “remains significantly undervalued”  19:50:15,84,20,false,273876477756465152Twitter Web Client,I still can’t get over how the Republicans—my friends—spent hundreds of millions of dollars on such terrible &amp; ineffective ads.,11-28-2012 19:24:53,160,84,false,273870093841223680Twitter Web Client,I just left the Doral in Miami--it is going to be amazing! 19:06:43,35,19,false,273865521559126016Twitter Web Client,Anthony Hopkins is a truly great actor--I love everything he does!,11-28-2012 18:59:15,143,84,false,273863645291753474Twitter Web Client,“Face reality as it is not as it was or as you wish it to be.” -- @jack_welch,11-28-2012 18:42:02,397,165,false,273859310520528898Twitter Web Client,You can benefit from others’ wisdom. Not just their mistakes but the good decisions and insight they have to offer.” -- The Way To The Top
Neither he (Taylor) or any other witness has provided testimony that the Ukrainians were aware that military aid was being withheld. You can’t have a quid pro quo with no quo.” Congressman John Ratcliffe @foxandfriends Where is the Whistleblower? The Do Nothing Dems case is DEAD!
Join me LIVE tonight in Orlando Florida at 8:00 P.M. Eastern as we kickoff #Trump2020. Enjoy!
Katherine Webb gets a Donald Trump job offer says she's 'shocked' about the attention   via @Zap2it
Only fools or worse are saying that our money losing Post Office makes money with Amazon. THEY LOSE A FORTUNE and this will be changed. Also our fully tax paying retailers are closing stores all over the country...not a level playing field!
We must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the United States.
My son Don and his wife Vanessa just had a beautiful baby boy named Spencer Frederick --very thrilling.
...at every turn in attempts to gain access. But now Republicans and Democrats must come together for the good of the American people. No more costly &amp; time consuming investigations. Lets do Immigration (Border) Infrastructure much lower drug prices &amp; much more - and do it now!
THANK YOU IOWA!#ThankYouTour2016 
The Art of the Deal = #1 business book. Over 3 million copies sold. Forbes Article from Oct. 20 2014. 
.@EWErickson ran @RedState into the ground. A change was necessary. Congratulations to @RedState and good luck in the future!
.@KarlRove still thinks Romney won! He doesn't have a clue! @FoxNews
This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.
Obama must now start focusing on OUR COUNTRY jobs healthcare and all of our many problems. Forget Syria and make America great again!
This should have been taken care of years ago the Trump Administration is taking care of these thugs now!
“Border Patrol Agents want the Wall.” Democrat’s say they don’t want the Wall (even though they know it is really needed) and they don’t want ICE. They don’t have much to campaign on do they? An Open Southern Border and the large scale crime that comes with such stupidity!
I suspect @JoeBiden could do well tonight. Don't be fooled by his gaffes. He is a seasoned and feisty debater.
Benghazi is bigger than Watergate.  Don’t let Obama get away with allowing Americans to die.  Kick him out of office tomorrow.
Getting ready to go on stage for Matt Rosendale who will be a great Senator. Jon Tester has let the people of Montana down &amp; does not deserve another six years. Matt is strong on Crime the Borders &amp; will save your Second Amendment from the onslaught. Loves our Military &amp; Vets!
Hillary Clinton has announced that she is letting her husband out to campaign but HE'S DEMONSTRATED A PENCHANT FOR SEXISM so inappropriate!
I'm sick of always reading about outsourcing. Why aren't we talking about "onshoring"? We need to bring manufa… (cont) 
An extended interview from the Super Bowl with @oreillyfactor airs tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy! 
.@GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy informed me that I was 20 for 20 on Tuesday with respect to my Endorsement of candidates. Sadly I didn’t get that information from the Fake News Media. They don’t report those things or the far more than Dems cumulative votes despite no opposition!

New Fox News PollThank you Iowa! #Trump2016 #IACaucus 
Meryl Streep one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood doesn't know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes. She is a.....
The Do Nothing Democrats have disgraced our great Country! 
Russian Collusion with the Trump Campaign one of the most successful in history is a TOTAL HOAX. The Democrats paid for the phony and discredited Dossier which was along with Comey McCabe Strzok and his lover the lovely Lisa Page used to begin the Witch Hunt. Disgraceful!
Tonight's episode of The Apprentice is one of the best ever--we're down to the final 3 and it's high excitement all the way. 10 pm on NBC.
.....The Kurds and Turkey have been fighting for many years. Turkey considers the PKK the worst terrorists of all. Others may want to come in and fight for one side or the other. Let them! We are monitoring the situation closely. Endless Wars!
“One of the keys to thinking big is total focus.” – The Art of The Deal
Must read @WSJ column by Senator Phil Gramm - “The Multiple Distortions of Wind Subsidies” 
Senator Luther Strange has done a great job representing the people of the Great State of Alabama. He has my complete and total endorsement!
I won an election said to be one of the greatest of all time based on getting out of endless &amp; costly foreign wars &amp; also based on Strong Borders which will keep our Country safe. We fight for the borders of other countries but we won’t fight for the borders of our own!
Don't worry THE UNITED STATES WILL BE GREAT AGAIN!
“He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.” - Muhammad Ali
Consumer Confidence is at an All-Time High along with a Record High Stock Market. Unemployment is at a 17 year low. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Working to pass MASSIVE TAX CUTS (looking good).
After a great evening and packed auditorium in Iowa I am now in Colorado looking forward to what I am sure will be a very unfair debate!
President Obama NOW bring our 4000 innocent and ill-trained soldiers home from West Africa before it is too late AND STOP THE FLIGHTS!
The Fed's reckless monetary policy is going to create record inflation.
“They tried to Impeach the President eight times before this last Impeachment trial that we went through. In Arizona people are tired of their obstruction their investigations and their Impeachments. They want them to get to work.” @SenMcSallyAZ  @foxandfriends  Thanks Martha
It’s Thursday.  How much has OPEC ripped us off today?
How much is New York State spending on that obnoxious T.V. commercial that is being played endlessly for a tax incentive that doesn't work?
If @MittRomney has a good debate tomorrow night Obama is finished!
Adrian was recognized on a Disney cruise and has had many photo requests in @TrumpTowerNY. We have a new celebrity! #CelebApprentice
Obama will go down as the worst President in history on many topics but especially foreign policy.
Republicans seem intent on negotiating against themselves. Many senior Senators are doing Obama’s bidding. Can’t win this way.
While I like the Vaping alternative to Cigarettes we need to make sure this alternative is SAFE for ALL! Let’s get counterfeits off the market and keep young children from Vaping!
My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit  --- it is selling fast!
Government can be efficient with the right leadership. Let’s Make America Great Again 
.@GoAngelo—the next time you have a rally @Macy’s try getting 12 people instead of 11—it would be much more effective!
Just spoke with President @JairBolsonaro of Brazil. Our future Trade prospects are very exciting and our relationship is strong perhaps stronger than ever before. I told him if the United States can help with the Amazon Rainforest fires we stand ready to assist!
Trish_Regan:  “Did the FBI follow protocol to obtain the FISA warrant? I don’t think so. The Dossier was opposition research funded by opponents. Don’t use Government resources to take down political foes. Weaponizing Government for gain.” Is this really America? Witch Hunt!
Miss USA Tara Conner will not be fired - "I've always been a believer in second chances." says Donald Trump
A country must enforce its borders. Respect for the rule of law is at our country’s core. We must build a wall! 
The Democrats don't want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members.
Thank you! #MAGA🇺🇸 
My @SquawkCNBC interview. 
Via @bpolitics by @tdopp: “In Iowa Trump Promises to ‘Surprise a Lot of People’” 
I wonder if @BarackObama has promised Iran and China that he can be more flexible after his last election?
First the Ninth Circuit rules against the ban &amp; now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings. See you in the Supreme Court!
Beto O’Rourke is a total lightweight compared to Ted Cruz and he comes nowhere near representing the values and desires of the people of the Great State of Texas. He will never be allowed to turn Texas into Venezuela!
Brett Kavanaugh should start suing people for libel or the Justice Department should come to his rescue. The lies being told about him are unbelievable. False Accusations without recrimination. When does it stop? They are trying to influence his opinions. Can’t let that happen!
The LameStream Media has gone totally CRAZY! They write whatever they want seldom have sources (even though they say they do) never do “fact checking” anymore and are only looking for the “kill.” They take good news and make it bad. They are now beyond Fake they are Corrupt..
Newly released NH poll has @MittRomney with a 1 point lead. Mitt will pull away next week.
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. 
Time for Democrats to accept reality 
WOW @foxandfrlends  “Dossier is bogus. Clinton Campaign DNC funded Dossier. FBI CANNOT (after all of this time) VERIFY CLAIMS IN DOSSIER OF RUSSIA/TRUMP COLLUSION. FBI TAINTED.” And they used this Crooked Hillary pile of garbage as the basis for going after the Trump Campaign!
Thank you! CNBC #DebateNight poll with over 400000 votes. Trump 61%Clinton 39%#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou… 
Thank you Brandon! 
Elizabeth Warren often referred to as Pocahontas just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary who she always hated!
Hiring manythousands of judges and going through a long and complicated legal process is not the way to go - will always be disfunctional. People must simply be stopped at the Border and told they cannot come into the U.S. illegally. Children brought back to their country......
It’s Tuesday.  How many terrible predictions and advice will Karl 1.6% Rove make today?
Via @DrudgeReport: 
“America is too great for small dreams.” — Pres. Ronald Reagan
I am very surprised that @lancearmstrong gave up. I never thought he was a quitter...
My interview with @Jay_Severin on behalf of @MittRomney discussing why the GOP must nominate @MittRomney 
Set up by Schiff’s lies &amp; leaks. Same with the Mueller Witch Hunt 3 years ago! 
This was a great evening- I would like to thank everyone for their wonderful support.
to the U.S. but had nothing to do with TRUMP is more FAKE NEWS. Ask top CEO's of those companies for real facts. Came back because of me!
Our Q1 GDP was -2.9%. Worst in memory --  ObamaCare killing jobs stopping growth and making small business insecure.
Tonight's official count--7943. An all time record for the Anderson Civic Center in SC! Thanks! #Trump2016 
El Chapo and the Mexican drug cartels use the border unimpeded like it was a  vacuum cleaner sucking drugs and death right into the U.S.
The U.S. accidentally air dropped a large shipment of military weapons and supplies right into the middle of ISIS as enemy laughs! Very sad!
 
FAKE NEWS media knowingly doesn't tell the truth. A great danger to our country. The failing @nytimes has become a joke. Likewise @CNN. Sad!
....persecuted on old and/or totally unrelated charges (there was no collusion and there was no obstruction of the no collusion)...And what is going on in the FBI &amp; DOJ with Crooked Hillary the DNC and all of the lies? A disgraceful situation!
“The Historic Results of President Donald J. Trump’s First Two Years in Office” 
I hope @billmaher pays quickly so that this money can immediately be given to the charities.
Entrepreneurs: Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
Congratulations to Bob Kraft Bill Belichick Tom Brady and the entire New England Patriots team on a great game and season. Will be a fantastic Super Bowl!
Take action every day and stay focused for the long haul.” - Think Big,01-18-2013 19:58:06,683,247,false,292360233840414720Twitter Web Client,“Trump Dana-Farber waiting on Bill Maher”  via @BostonGlobe,01-18-2013 19:05:33,25,17,false,292347009929728000Twitter Web Client,New York should Frack. Thousands of jobs and millions in revenue. NY would be a truly rich state.,01-18-2013 18:51:07,175,90,false,292343377037508609Twitter Web Client,@bighank500  Thanks Hank.,01-18-2013 18:47:56,0,0,false,292342577875795968Twitter Web Client,@brookychan  Not negative!,01-18-2013 18:47:18,0,0,false,292342416114085889Twitter Web Client,@NMonastra @Deadspin  Thanks Nick.,01-18-2013 18:46:34,1,1,false,292342231703109632Facebook,.@_KatherineWebb with some of my memorabilia.  18:40:22,15,19,false,292340672911007744Twitter Web Client,@northsydgirl  Yes.,01-18-2013 18:39:48,0,0,false,292340532259213312Twitter Web Client,@sdoocy Thanks Steve.,01-18-2013 18:33:40,0,0,false,292338986586877952Twitter Web Client,Champion @bretmichaels triumphantly returns to 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice. Spoiler – Bret is back to his winning ways.,01-18-2013 18:01:27,53,41,false,292330878451990528Twitter Web Client,@lcf42 @Deadspin They are total losers.,01-18-2013 17:57:26,16,7,false,292329869096914945Twitter Web Client,@Brunhooooo  Wrong!,01-18-2013 17:56:23,1,0,false,292329605711421440Twitter Web Client,@cmedenise Thanks.,01-18-2013 17:54:59,0,0,false,292329250541953024Twitter Web Client,@ThePhilliesGirl @CrossingBroad @Deadspin  Sad losers!,01-18-2013 17:54:12,34,32,false,292329052977639424Twitter Web Client,@efswagner Thanks.,01-18-2013 17:53:08,6,6,false,292328784995180544Twitter Web Client,@AMalfas  She can't but I adore her.,01-18-2013 17:49:48,1,1,false,292327945610096640Twitter Web Client,@ISHIMWEPatrick @BuzzFeedPSA  Thanks Patrick--a great compliment.,01-18-2013 17:44:57,1,0,false,292326727416434689Twitter Web Client,.@Deadspin’s disgusting response will teach me &amp; others not to be nice anymore—a sad lesson.,01-18-2013 17:42:09,246,204,false,292326023595442176Twitter Web Client,.@Deadspin will never make it—they don’t understand graciousness or money—and best guy is leaving?,01-18-2013 17:40:55,70,39,false,292325712747188224Twitter Web Client,Dummies @Deadspin had their big payday taken from them by others in the media.,01-18-2013 17:00:29,58,22,false,292315536711356419Twitter Web Client,.@Deadspin guys are total losers—they had their story stolen right from under their bad complexions—other media capitalized!,01-18-2013 16:59:49,132,65,false,292315366745600000Twitter Web Client,Alabama people are saying their team has real football &amp; real girlfriends—not good for Notre Dame—but they’ll be back!,01-18-2013 16:25:59,324,88,false,292306855814889472Twitter Web Client,I still say Te'o did this in order to get sympathy for the Heisman vote—thankfully he did not win.,01-18-2013 16:25:03,307,101,false,292306618668957697Twitter Web Client,Te’o’s imaginary girlfriend is one of the great cons of all time—or he’s very stupid.,01-18-2013 16:24:01,436,126,false,292306357418348544Twitter Web Client,The interview was great for @Oprah and terrible for Lance Armstrong!,01-18-2013 15:59:40,147,55,false,292300231532482560Twitter Web Client,.@Oprah was great-- amazing that she got Lance Armstrong to totally destroy his life. Why did he ever do that interview?,01-18-2013 15:46:23,398,123,false,292296888185659392Twitter Web Client,Lance Armstrong did himself great harm last night. Lawsuits &amp; failure will follow him!,01-18-2013 15:45:22,242,52,false,292296633008418816Twitter Web Client,@tman99us @_KatherineWebb  That's Shaquille O'Neal's shoe.,01-18-2013 15:16:07,7,15,false,292289272696942593Facebook,You wouldn't believe how tall and beautiful @_KatherineWebb is- 6'5 in heels. She is also a total winner in... 
.....the Dems have selectively leaked. Nor was there any corrupt intent on the part of the President. Remember the President knew that that call was being heard and documented by many people. Anyone with intent would be a tad more discreet don’t you think? This farce should....
Word just out that I won a big part of the Deep State and Democrat induced Witch Hunt. Unanimous decision in my favor from The United States Court of Appeals For The Fourth Circuit on the ridiculous Emoluments Case. I don’t make money but lose a fortune for the honor of.....
THANK YOU FLORIDA! Get out and VOTE Republican! #MAGA🇺🇸
.....hundreds of billions of dollars for the great privilege of losing hundreds of billions of dollars with these same countries on trade. I told them that this situation cannot continue - It is and always has been ridiculously unfair to the United States. Massive amounts.....
THANK YOU FLORIDA! #KAG2020 
#TrumpAdvice 
On my way to Des Moines Iowa- will see you soon with @mike_pence. Join us! Tickets:  #ThankYouTour2016
THANK YOU TEXAS! #KAG2020 
Global warming is based on faulty science and manipulated data which is proven by the emails that were leaked 

Al Qaeda taking over Libya after we made it possible--really amazing.
I am pleased to announce my nomination of four-star General Mark Milley Chief of Staff of the United States Army – as the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff replacing General Joe Dunford who will be retiring....
....Think of what it could have been if the Fed had gotten it right. Thousands of points higher on the Dow and GDP in the 4’s or even 5’s. Now they stick like a stubborn child when we need rates cuts &amp; easing to make up for what other countries are doing against us. Blew it!
“To state the obvious if any business operated the way the government does it would go under.” #TimeToGetTough
Trump National Hudson Valley's 7693 yd par 72 course features one of the country's great golf courses. 
...But just like the people of West Virginia will no longer look at weak &amp; pathetic Joe Manchin the same (I got the Pension Bill approved Manchin couldn’t do it) the wonderful people of Utah will never look at “grandstander” Mitt Romney with anything but contempt &amp; disgust!
Thank you to two great people! 
…al-Megrahi  was the man who blew up Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie Scotland.
One by one we are keeping our promises - on the border on energy on jobs on regulations. Big changes are happening!
Thank you Erie Pennsylvania! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
I will be signing our very large and comprehensive Phase One Trade Deal with China on January 15. The ceremony will take place at the White House. High level representatives of China will be present. At a later date I will be going to Beijing where talks will begin on Phase Two!
It's amazing--my weekly scheduled interviews on @foxnews and @CNBC draw the highest ratings. And they get bigger week by week--thanks folks!
“President Trump is a ratings hit. Since reviving the daily White House briefing Mr. Trump and his coronavirus updates have attracted an average audience of 8.5 million on cable news roughly the viewership of the season finale of ‘The Bachelor.’ Numbers are continuing to rise...
The debates are going to have a big impact on the election. @MittRomney has proved--in Florida--he delivers under pressure.
In the general course of human nature a power over a man's subsistence amounts to a power over his will. - Alexander Hamilton
.@natalie_gulbis  Thank you for your support this morning on @GolfChannel. Even more importantly play well this week! Say hi to all.
We are not retreating--we are advancing in another direction. --  Douglas MacArthur
The reason Sarah Sanders does not go to the “podium” much anymore is that the press covers her so rudely &amp; inaccurately in particular certain members of the press. I told her not to bother the word gets out anyway! Most will never cover us fairly &amp; hence the term Fake News!
For all of those who have been asking about online sales the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold @Macys.com
Beautiful afternoon in the Oval Office today with a few great American HEROES! 
“It’s my opinion as a lawyer that the Articles of Impeachment are defective on their face which means I would like to see a Motion to Dismiss and have this disbursed without the necessity of a trial. I don’t think there should be a trial. I think it should be dismissed....
Republican Senators will not let the American people down! ObamaCare premiums and deductibles are way up - it was a lie and it is dead!
Just completed purchase of magnificent Ritz Carlton in Jupiter Florida. Will be renamed Trump National Golf Club &amp; be tremendous success.
Arizona please get out today and vote @DebbieLesko for Congress in #AZ08. Strong on Border Immigration and Crime. Great on the Military. Time is ticking down - get out and VOTE today. We need Debbie in Congress!
I'll always like @OMAROSA because she constantly defends me. #CelebApprentice
The Fake Whistleblower complaint is not holding up. It is mostly about the call to the Ukrainian President which in the name of transparency I immediately released to Congress &amp;  the public. The Whistleblower knew almost nothing its 2ND HAND description of the call is a fraud!
Loved being on @foxandfriends this morning. Great show!
Via @PostSports @barrysvrluga "Donald Trump has major aspirations for his Trump National Golf Club in Virginia" 
Washington spent trillions building up foreign countries while allowing OUR OWN infrastructure to fall into a state of total disrepair. No more! It's time to REBUILD and we will do it with American WORKERS American GRIT and American PRIDE! 
When I think big which is often you can be sure I’m aware of the enormous amount of little things that we will have to account for.
We must restore the entrepreneurial spirit of our country. A small business boom. Let’s Make America Great Again! 
We are all united by the same love of Country the same devotion to family and the same profound faith that America is blessed by the eternal grace of ALMIGHTY GOD! Bound by these convictions we will campaign for every vote &amp; we will WIN the Great State of NEW MEXICO in 2020! 
So China is ordering us to raise the Debt Limit...How low have we as a nation sunk?
Biden @VP Spends $1 Million Annually for Weekend Trips 
I'm not hearing much from Obama or his administration about my $5M offer to charity or to which charity the money will go.
10000 people in South Carolina unbelievable evening! Will be in New Hampshire tomorrow- love it. 
When you’re almost 800 Billion Dollars a year down on Trade you can’t lose a Trade War! The U.S. has been ripped off by other countries for years on Trade time to get smart!
Thank you Wildwood New Jersey! #KeepAmericaGreat🇺🇸
I've got news for President Obama: America is not what's wrong with the world. # 

Let's continue to destroy the competitiveness of our factories &amp; manufacturing so we can fight mythical global warming. China is so happy!
Victor Davis Hanson was a very good and interesting guest of Mark Levin on @FoxNews. He wrote a highly touted book called “The Second World Wars” and a new book will soon be coming out called “The Case For Trump.” Recommend both. @marklevinshow
Watching Los Angeles possible hostage situation very closely. Active barricaded suspect. L.A.P.D. working with Federal Law Enforcement.
.@HighSock_Sunday #asktrump 
Sorry I never went bankrupt and don't wear a wig (it's all mine)!
I can't resist hitting lightweight @DannyZuker verbally when he starts up because he is just.so pathetic and easy (stupid)!
I never pushed the Republicans in the House to vote for the Immigration Bill either GOODLATTE 1 or 2 because it could never have gotten enough Democrats as long as there is the 60 vote threshold. I released many prior to the vote knowing we need more Republicans to win in Nov.
This week will mark the 1 year anniversary of the attack in Benghazi that left 4 Americans dead.  No answers!
Before I bought the site the Sun Times had the biggest ugliest sign Chicago has ever seen. Mine is magnificent and popular.
Just got home watching the news and every story is bad about the U.S. Someday we will return to being great again but we need leadership!
Somebody please tell incompetent (thanks for my high poll numbers) &amp; corrupt politician Adam “Shifty” Schiff to stop leaking Classified information or even worse made up information to the Fake News Media. Someday he will be caught &amp; that will be a very unpleasant experience!
“Donald Trump: Mitt Romney 'Blew It' Shouldn't Run Again”  via @Newsmax_Media by @OwenTew
Gotta hand it to @IvankaTrump she loved Doral from the time we looked at it. The Trump-Doral will be an Icon. #sayfie #newsmax
Entrepreneurs:  Be tough be smart be personable but don't take things personally. That's good business.
....also a small apology for testing the short range missiles and that this testing would stop when the exercises end. I look forward to seeing Kim Jong Un in the not too distant future! A nuclear free North Korea will lead to one of the most successful countries in the world!
Such a beautiful and important evening! The forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. We will all come together as never before
Again the President of Ukraine said there was NO (ZERO) PRESSURE PUT ON HIM BY ME. Case closed!
John Lewis said about my inauguration "It will be the first one that I've missed." WRONG (or lie)! He boycotted Bush 43 also because he...
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower New York includes Central Park views &amp; our signature restaurant Jean Georges. Perfection! 
Pictures of my beautiful mother amazing father and family hanging @MontesKitchen in upstate New York. 
The OWS protesters are doing nothing to advance the interests of the 99%. Time for them to go home!
Dow Jones has best week of the year!
I will be making two stops this morning in Japan to visit with our Great Military then a quick stop in Alaska and back to D.C. Meetings with Prime Minister Abe went very well and getting to spend time with the new Emperor and Empress of Japan was a great honor!
Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that. -- Norman Vincent Peale
Governor Cuomo is right about one thing - Attorney General Eric Schneiderman does wear eyeliner! What the hell is up with him?
The failing @nytimes writes false story after false story about me. They don't even call to verify the facts of a story. A Fake News Joke!
Attorney Generals from 21 States are urging the Senate to reject Impeachment. They say the Articles have legal &amp; factual problems and the Democrats case sets a dangerous historical precedent. “EVEN AN UNSUCCESSFUL EFFORT TO IMPEACH THE PRESIDENT UNDERMINES THE INTEGRITY.....
The Blue Monster is celebrated in June issue of Robb Report as the Best of the Best winner in Golf Course Category. 
Great decision by Donald Graham @Newsweek to sell. I'll now have to take my newsweek covers off the wall.

Medicare payments have become so unpredictable that record amount of doctors are now leaving  Bad for long term.
Thinking small when you could think big limits you in all aspects of your life.
The new selection of ties shirts and suits at Macy's is amazing - also available in Trump Tower lobby.
In 2016 I almost won Minnesota. In 2020 because of America hating anti-Semite Rep. Omar &amp; the fact that Minnesota is having its best economic year ever I will win the State! “We are going to be a nightmare to the President” she say. No AOC Plus 3 are a Nightmare for America!
....their lowest rated show. Watch the @FoxNews weekend daytime anchors who are terrible go after her big time. That’s what they want - but it sure is not what the audience wants!
The media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place. Biggest crowds ever - watch what happens!
Congratulations to Martha Roby of The Great State of Alabama on her big GOP Primary win for Congress. My endorsement came appropriately late but when it came the “flood gates” opened and you had the kind of landslide victory that you deserve. Enjoy!
Wow @Macys shares are down more than 40% this year. I never knew my ties &amp; shirts not being sold there would have such a big impact!
Just out: Consumer Confidence hits highest level since 2000.
Alec Baldwin whose dying mediocre career was saved by his terrible impersonation of me on SNL now says playing me was agony. Alec it was agony for those who were forced to watch. Bring back Darrell Hammond funnier and a far greater talent!
Liberty University speech by DJT was biggest by far in school's history. Standing ovations...great young people!
THANK YOU @NRA! #NRAAM 
Our economy has had worst recovery under Obama since the Depression. Results of his policies speak for themselves. No new taxes!
We should immediately close all tax loopholes that favor foreign investments and taking our jobs overseas t… (cont) 
Guess what folks--the ObamaCare website just went down again. What a disaster.
It seems @BarackObama had our tax dollars buy guns for Mexican drug lords that were used to kill Americans. We need answers now.
Get ready for tonight!
Maybe @THEGaryBusey should stick to words... vs. barking. He’s got a definite talent when he wants to use it. #CelebApprentice
The Stock Market just reached an All-Time High during my Administration for the 102nd Time a presidential record by far for less than two years. So much potential as Trade and Military Deals are completed.
The train accident that just occurred in DuPont WA shows more than ever why our soon to be submitted infrastructure plan must be approved quickly. Seven trillion dollars spent in the Middle East while our roads bridges tunnels railways (and more) crumble! Not for long!
Wow! Hunter Biden is being forced to leave a Chinese Company. Now watch the Fake News wrap their greasy and very protective arms around him. Only softball questions of him please!
I will be interviewed by @GStephanopoulos on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. There is much to talk about!

Crime is out of control and rapidly getting worse. Look what is going on in Chicago and our inner cities. Not good!
The failing @NYDailyNews destroyed by little Morty Zuckerman is preparing to close and save face by going online. It's dead!
Uncomfortable looking NBC reporter Willie Geist calls me to ask for favors and then mockingly smiles when he is told of my high poll numbers
Have time to waste? Go to the ObamaCare website.
So many people conveniently forget that Turkey is a big trading partner of the United States in fact they make the structural steel frame for our F-35 Fighter Jet. They have also been good to deal with helping me to save many lives at Idlib Province and returning in very.....
President Obama you have a big job to do. Go to Baltimore and bring both sides together. With proper leadership it can be done! Do it.
Billions of Dollars and moving jobs back to the USA where they belong. Other countries are already negotiating with us because they don’t want this to happen to them. They must be a part of USA action. This should have been done by our leaders many years ago. Enjoy!
The Republicans must face reality &amp; create a strong &amp; positive immigration policy--if not they will continue to lose elections.
.@MattGinellaGC Thx for the nice story @TrumpDoral. Look forward to showing you Trump Int’l in Aberdeen in the spring &amp; Turnberry plans.
You have until 8pm to #VoteTrump Delaware! 
It's amazing how badly the Knicks and Nets are playing. Everybody predicted they would be top teams with all of the money spent. Too bad!
Looks like two-time failed candidate Mitt Romney is going to be telling Republicans how to get elected. Not a good messenger!
Getting ready to take off for Nashua New Hampshire. Big crowd will be there soon. Fun!
Can you believe thatwith all of the problems and difficulties facing the U.S. President Obama spent the day playing golf.Worse than Carter
TAX CUTS will increase investment in the American economy and in U.S. workers leading to higher growth higher wages and more JOBS! 
Get out and VOTE for @DeanHeller! 
The lawyer for the Whistleblower takes away all credibility from this big Impeachment Scam! It should be ended and the Whistleblower his lawyer and Corrupt politician Schiff should be investigared for fraud!
The Oscars are a sad joke very much like our President. So many things are wrong!
And happy to welcome @ArsenioHall back as an advisor— he will have his own show and is doing great. #CelebApprentice
I called Chuck Schumer yesterday to see if the Dems want to do a great HealthCare Bill. ObamaCare is badly broken big premiums. Who knows!
Our economy is struggling and OPEC continues to rip us off. Output is low and the price is too high.  They ar… (cont) 
I have never liked the media term 'mass deportation' -- but we must enforce the laws of the land!
Watch @TuckerCarlson @seanhannity @IngrahamAngle. Big News! @FoxNews
“The Chinese are very adept at not accepting anything. You’ve got to be very tough and that’s what Trump is doing. It’s in China’s interest to correct and I think we’ll end up with a solution that’s dramatically better than we have today. Frankly I think the impact of what...
Via @nypost’s @PageSix: “Trump researching 2016 run” 
Looking forward to live tweeting during the rest of the debates. Will be a lot of fun.
Make sure to grab your copy of this month's @Newsmax_Media detailing "The Trump Effect"  
There is no substitute for private sector experience.
Our prayers are with Rev. @BillyGraham for a speedy recovery. His faith continues to inspire us all.
#TBT With Darrell Hammond when I hosted SNL. 
Huckabee is a nice guy but will never be able to bring in the funds so as not to cut Social Security Medicare &amp; Medicaid. I will.
If only the morons @AP were as concerned with Obama's inconsistent statements on the Embassy attacks as they are (cont) 
Great work Ivanka! 
Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.  -- Dale Carnegie
As Bernie Sanders said Hillary Clinton has bad judgement. Bill's meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary!
Success  consists of going from failure to failure without loss of  enthusiasm. - Winston  Churchill
In presidential voting so far John Kasich is ZERO for 22. So why would he be a good candidate? Hillary would beat him I will beat Hillary!
I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Christopher Waller Ph. D. Executive VP and Director of Research Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis Missouri to be on the board of the Federal Reserve....
Weekly Address - 11:00 A.M. at the @WhiteHouse! #MAGA🇺🇸➡️ 
The recession was made worse by @BarackObama. A $900Billion deficit is not getting better.
So funny to watch Steve Kerr grovel and pander when asked a simple question about China. He chocked and looks weak and pathetic. Don’t want him at the White House!
I hope everyone even the Fake News Media is having a great Christmas! Our Country is doing very well. We are securing our Borders making great new Trade Deals and bringing our Troops Back Home. We are finally putting America First. MERRY CHRISTMAS!  #MAGA
Seems like the teams are surprised when @THEGaryBusey comes back. #CelebApprentice
Very dishonest pols! 
Consumer confidence is at a 16 year high....and for good reason. Much more regulation "busting" to come. Working hard on tax cuts &amp; reform!
Very sadly Murder cases in Mexico in 2018 rose 33% from 2017 to 33341. This is a big contributor to the Humanitarian Crisis taking place on our Southern Border and then spreading throughout our Country. Worse even than Afghanistan. Much caused by DRUGS. Wall is being built!
Just watched Wacky Tom Steyer who I have not seen in action before be interviewed by @jaketapper. He comes off as a crazed &amp; stumbling lunatic who should be running out of money pretty soon. As bad as their field is if he is running for President the Dems will eat him alive!
We have given Syria so much time and information-there has never been such an instance in wartime history. Syria is now fully prepared!
Good luck to @Joy_Villa on her decision to enter the wonderful world of politics. She has many fans!
The idea of a European Military didn’t work out too well in W.W. I or 2. But the U.S. was there for you and always will be. All we ask is that you pay your fair share of NATO. Germany is paying 1% while the U.S. pays 4.3% of a much larger GDP - to protect Europe. Fairness!
Guess who is talking to @MissUniverse at @TrumpTowerNY? Not terrible hair! 
Just out but lightly reported: "Fewest jobless claims since 1973 show firm U.S. Job Market" Lowest since March 1973. @bpolitics
Big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska. Get ready for November - Crooked Hillary who is looking very bad against Crazy Bernie will lose!
...the most powerful tool the legislative branch has Impeachment &amp; they’ve turned it into a political cudgel which is not at all what the Founders intended. When you hear Schiff use all these words like quid pro quo it is because they can’t specify that Donald Trump broke..
Haters stop saying I went bankrupt it is not so. I never went bankrupt...
I went to Wharton made over $8 billion employ thousands of people &amp; get insulted by morons who can’t get enough of me on twitter...!
Robert Mueller is being asked to testify yet again. He said he could only stick to the Report &amp; that is what he would and must do. After so much testimony &amp; total transparency this Witch Hunt must now end. No more Do Overs. No Collusion No Obstruction. The Great Hoax is dead!
Thank you for your support! TOGETHER we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
Having a vision for something can be a very powerful force for accomplishment.--Midas Touch
.@SenTedCruz had a very good debate far better than Rand Paul.
The DJT Foundation unlike most foundations never paid fees rent salaries or any expenses. 100% of money goes to wonderful charities!
On June 10th the United States will impose a 5% Tariff on all goods coming into our Country from Mexico until such time as illegal migrants coming through Mexico and into our Country STOP. The Tariff will gradually increase until the Illegal Immigration problem is remedied..
There is no limit to what NoKo can achieve when it gives up its nuclear weapons and embraces commerce &amp; engagement w/ the world. Chairman Kim has before him the opportunity to be remembered as the leader who ushered in a glorious new era of security &amp; prosperity for his citizens! 
Thank you Nicole! 
Via @newhampshirecom:“Tickets on sale for Loeb School Event featuring Donald Trump” 
Wishing @FLOTUS Melania and all of the great mothers out there a wonderful day ahead with family and friends! Happy #MothersDay
Via @starpulse: "Donald Trump Calls Barack Obama 'Incompetent'" 
“The 99% Get a Bigger Raise” 
Why is @BarackObama always campaigning or on vacation?
Between a terrible press conference mishandled prisoner swap &amp; Taliban attacks Hagel's 1st trip as SOD was a disaster. No surprise.
“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” - Walt Disney
When I said that if within the Orlando club you had some people with guns I was obviously talking about additional guards or employees
“Trump signs lease for a NH office returns Monday”  via  @UnionLeader by @tuohy
We have all been following the Wisconsin recall election. @ScottKWalker's victory tonight will be well-earned. A Governor who gets results.
My thoughts and prayers are with the families of our serviceman who was killed and his fellow servicemen who were wounded in Somalia. They are truly all HEROES.
Congratulations to @JudicialWatch and @TomFitton on being successful in getting the Carter Page FISA documents. As usual they are ridiculously heavily redacted but confirm with little doubt that the Department of “Justice” and FBI misled the courts. Witch Hunt Rigged a Scam!

Hillary Clinton failed all over the world. ❌LIBYA❌SYRIA❌IRAN❌IRAQ❌ASIA PIVOT❌RUSSIAN RESET❌BENGHAZI… 
#TeamTrump is thinking of Captain Andrew Maitner. A true American hero. #MaitnerStrong  
A third rate architecture critic--who I thought got fired—for the failing @chicagotribune likes the building but doesn’t like the Trump sign
Along with Pelosi and her boss AOC the Do Nothing Democrat “leader.” 
Thank you for your honesty Jeff. All of the Democrats know you are right but unlike you they don’t have the “guts” to say so! 

The reason I do not want military drills with South Korea is to save hundreds of millions of dollars for the U.S. for which we are not reimbursed. That was my position long before I became President. Also reducing tensions with North Korea at this time is a good thing!
Get to the essence immediately. Learn to economize. People appreciate brevity in today's world. -- Think Like a Champion
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar—you are the worst kind of loser—a total fool.
....I have seen some of the regulations being circulated including those being contemplated by Congress and they are ridiculous. I want to make it EASY to do business with the United States not difficult. Everyone in my Administration is being so instructed with no excuses...
The Republicans better be careful.  Obama is out to destroy them!
BIG NIGHT on Celebrity Apprentice tonight. IMPORTANT starts at 10 P.M. as scheduled but NBC just increased all future episodes to 2 hours!
Obama’s promise to build an international coalition against ISIS is already broken. No one trusts him at home or abroad.
Looks like Obama will not stop the very potentially dangerous flights to and from West Africa. What the hell is wrong with this guy?
“Luck does not come around often. So when it does be sure to take full advantage of it even if it means working hard." Think Big
The world is most peaceful and most prosperous when America is strongest. 
Your all time favorite President got tired of waiting for China to help out and start buying from our FARMERS the greatest anywhere in the World!
Join me in Florida tomorrow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Daytona | 3pm-  | 7pm- 
The ratings for The View are really low. Nicole Wallace and Molly Sims are a disaster. Get new cast or just put it to  sleep. Dead T.V.
If you listened to the flawed advice of @paulkrugman at the @nytimes a newspaper that was going broke until I came along you would have entirely missed the RECORD BREAKING Stock Market (and other) numbers produced since Election Day 2016. Sorry those are the FACTS....
Looks like a lot of people already heading to SALUTE TO AMERICA at Lincoln Memorial. It will be well worth the trip and wait. See you there at 6:00 P.M. Amazing music and bands. Thank you ARMY!
Watch my live book signing now! 
Meeting for breakfast with our Nation’s Governors - then off to Vietnam for a very important Summit with Kim Jong Un. With complete Denuclearization North Korea will rapidly become an Economic Powerhouse. Without it just more of the same. Chairman Kim will make a wise decision!
I will be making my choice for Justice of the United States Supreme Court on the first Monday after the July 4th Holiday July 9th!
Opportunities only present themselves if you are out there looking for them.  Be aggressive and seize them when they come.
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign &amp; Obama Administration there was never a special councel appointed!
.@ColinCowherd said such nice things about me during the debate that I thought I'd do his show @TheHerd on Monday (2:30pm EST).
When the economy is bad @BarackObama wants to raise taxes. When the economy is good @BarackObama wants to raise taxes. Notice a trend?
.@CNN is all negative when it comes to me. I don't watch it anymore.
If President Obama had crossed his stated Red Line In The Sand the Syrian disaster would have ended long ago! Animal Assad would have been history!
Great decision by @SpeakerBoehner in placing @TGowdySC as chairman of the Benghazi select committee. Gowdy is a seasoned prosecutor.
... Icahn Kravis Apollo and most others--but nobody says they went bankrupt!
....President Obama never had the legal right to sign DACA and he indicated so at the time of signing. But In any event how can he have the right to sign and I don’t have the right to “unsigned.” Totally illegal document which would actually give the President new powers.
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing why @MittRomney is a great nominee gas prices and why George Will is a loser. 
...the Crown Prince. He is waiting for the results of the investigations being done by the Saudis and Turkey and just gave a news conference to that effect.
....only made it worse! If they cannot agree to a ceasefire during these very important peace talks and would even kill 12 innocent people then they probably don’t have the power to negotiate a meaningful agreement anyway. How many more decades are they willing to fight?
Via @IBDeditorials: “Most Americans Label Obama Presidency A Failure” 
This week my Administration is hosting the first-ever #IRFMinisterial. The U.S. will continue to promote #ReligiousFreedom around the world. Nations that support religious freedom are far more free prosperous &amp; peaceful. Great job @VP @SecPompeo @IRF_Ambassador &amp; @StateDept!
I just had an amazing day in Mumbai India. Building an almost 80 story building super luxury which is doing great! Press is going wild.
Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism I don't want congrats I want toughness &amp; vigilance. We must be smart!
I make no apologies for this country my pride in it or my desire to see us become strong and rich again. (cont)  16:24:23,189,21,false,193012177995694081Twitter Web Client,My @fox8news interview discussing the passing of my longtime friend Dick Clark.  A true TV legend who will be missed.,04-19-2012 16:16:20,22,2,false,193010149697396738Twitter Web Client,Vanity Fair party at Tribeca Film Festival was a bust.,04-19-2012 16:10:18,39,14,false,193008632651190272Twitter Web Client,I knew disgusting and unwanted porn star @REPWEINER was a sleazebag the first time I met him. Thank goodness he was revealed (so to speak).,04-19-2012 15:28:00,348,348,false,192997987637665792Twitter Web Client,#CelebrityApprentice ranked #1 among ABC CBS and NBC in all key demos from 10-11PM. It won the 10PM hour by a 53% margin in 18-49 rating.,04-19-2012 14:13:56,63,13,false,192979345600557056Twitter Web Client,By @BarackObama's design the middle class will be hit with record taxes under ObamaCare through inflation   REPEAL!,04-18-2012 18:52:55,107,12,false,192687167921848323Twitter Web Client,Vanity Fair circulation down 20 percent. My third rate stalker should start looking for a new job.,04-18-2012 18:05:38,32,13,false,192675268094214145TwitLonger Beta,Obama's Secret Service catastrophe has openly revealed a great lack of respect for our President. If they (cont)  16:43:41,113,13,false,192654643870965760Twitter Web Client,Gloria Allred is always talking about me. She needs publicity. She is by far a better PR agent than lawyer.,04-18-2012 15:42:27,59,18,false,192639236590145538Twitter Web Client,Under @BarackObama 5 major banks now control 56% of economy from 43% in 2007   Another catastrophe is brewing.,04-18-2012 15:08:09,252,16,false,192630601919111169Twitter Web Client,Yesterday was @BarackObama's favorite day of the year--he collects our taxes to redistribute.,04-18-2012 14:12:48,759,208,false,192616676217454593Twitter Web Client,Our ally Canada is 'frustrated' by @BarackObama's radical anti-gas policies  BHO is forcing Canada to send gas to China.,04-17-2012 18:30:16,196,95,false,192319079300870145TwitLonger Beta,Enjoyed watching @ericbolling $ @SarahPalinUSA's @FoxNews special #PainatthePump over the weekend. (cont)  17:51:41,19,5,false,192309370841858048TwitLonger Beta,While @BarackObama watches China is trying to have the yuan overtake our dollar as the international (cont)  16:51:48,95,10,false,192294299679989760Twitter Web Client,He @MittRomney would do a great job on Saturday Night Live. @nbcsnl,04-17-2012 16:19:14,33,7,false,192286105448628224Twitter Web Client,Paul Teutul Sr. is a fantastic guy. Although I fired him on #CelebApprentice we will remain great friends. I love the bike he made for me.,04-17-2012 16:15:52,49,10,false,192285256068505600TwitLonger Beta,I have captured the smell of success. Meet me and the new Success" @Macys Herald Square April 18 5:30pm first (cont) 
The media is unrelenting. They will only go with and report a story in a negative light. I called Brexit (Hillary was wrong) watch November
I will be traveling to Florida tomorrow to meet with our great Coast Guard FEMA and many of the brave first responders &amp; others.
By popular demand I will be tweeting during tomorrow's record 14th season premiere of @ApprenticeNBC on @nbc at 9/8c 
17 years since September 11th!
The shale boom is saving our economy  Good for jobs national security &amp; trade balance. Frack Now &amp; Frack Fast!
.@MittRomney needs to make @BarackObama regret that he ever asked for his tax records.
In Britain more Muslims join ISIS than join the British army.
Heading to Montana and Florida today! Everyone is excited about the Jobs Numbers - 250000 new jobs in October. Also wages rising. Wow!
A hurricane will be coming to Tampa. My @RNC convention surprise hits Monday night!
I just passed a 10 block long gas line going to LGA airport a terrible situation!

.@TheRevAl came to my Trump Tower office to apologize for calling me a racist--very nice apology accepted!
Thank you to all of the men and women who protect &amp; serve our communities 24/7/365! #LawEnforcementAppreciationDay… 
Our country has to come together. We have to start working with and really liking  each other. The whole world is watching Baltimore.
Getting ready to go on stage at the #AFBF100 in New Orleans - packed house! I will try and match the great game played yesterday by the New Orleans Saints and their incredible QB Drew Brees. People here are very excited by the team. Going on stage now! 
#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou 
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. - Steve Jobs
Iowa was amazing today. Great crowd great people. Thanks will be back soon!
Congratulation to Adam Scott and all of the folks at Trump National Doral on producing a really great WGC Tournament. Amazing finish!
Everyone here is talking about why John Podesta refused to give the DNC server to the FBI and the CIA. Disgraceful!
FLASHBACK via @Reuters from 2004: “Donald Trump Would 'Fire' Bush Over Iraq Invasion” It's called great vision.  
New Poll Shows Donald Trump Blowing Everyone Else Out of the Water. 
With the fantastic ratings last weekend @meetthepress &amp; @ThisWeekABC I think it’s only fair that I go on @FoxNewsSunday w/ Chris Wallace.
Social Media is totally discriminating against Republican/Conservative voices. Speaking loudly and clearly for the Trump Administration we won’t let that happen. They are closing down the opinions of many people on the RIGHT while at the same time doing nothing to others.......
“Nancy Pelosi cares more about power than she does about principle. She did not want to go down this road. She realizes this is a huge loser for Democrats. The Founders envisioned the worst people being in politics yet they couldn’t envision this. You have these people taking...
I have been FAR tougher on Russia than Obama Bush or Clinton. Maybe tougher than any other President. At the same time &amp; as I have often said getting along with Russia is a good thing not a bad thing. I fully expect that someday we will have good relations with Russia again!
I will renegotiate NAFTA. If I can’t make a great deal we’re going to tear it up. We’re going to get this economy running again. #Debate
My @Newsmax_Media interview discussing OPEC US gas resources @MittRomney and running a campaign against @BarackObama 
.@usgsa A momentous day. Great job on Old Post Office--we will make you proud!
Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the debate?
Heading to Billy Graham Funeral. A Special Man!
It’s all turning and fast! MVP Heckler. 
Bruce Ohr of the “Justice” Department (can you believe he is still there) is accused of helping disgraced Christopher Steele “find dirt on Trump.” Ohr’s wife Nelly was in on the act big time - worked for Fusion GPS on Fake Dossier. @foxandfriends
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away AMERICA will become the world's great magnet for INNOVATION &amp; JOB CREATION.
Corrupt politician Adam Schiff’s lies are growing by the day. Keep fighting tough Republicans you are dealing with human scum who have taken Due Process and all of the Republican Party’s rights away from us during the most unfair hearings in American History......
Great going Andy Roddick! Another victory for a fabulous player. Brooklyn Decker is good luck.
I will be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at 11am in Manhattan. Details to follow.
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower Chicago has received accolades for design service &amp; our signature restaurant "Sixteen" 
The cheap 12 inch sq. marble tiles behind speaker at UN always bothered me. I will replace with beautiful large marble slabs if they ask me.
Graydon Carter is laughing at the stupidity of Chuck Townsend on his contract renewal--- even he doesn't believe it! @CondeNastCorp
The Democrats want Billions of Dollars for Foreign Aid but they don’t want to spend a small fraction of that number on properly securing our Border. Figure that one out!
Via Hardball with Chris Matthews   
Because of my Administration drug prices are down for the first time in almost 50 years — but the American people need Congress to help. I like Sen. Grassley’s drug pricing bill very much and it’s great to see Speaker Pelosi’s bill today. Let’s get it done in a bipartisan way!
Are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the DNC illegally gave Hillary the questions to the debate?
Will be speaking with Germany and France this morning.
My warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting. God bless you!
I always said @BarackObama will attack Iran in some form prior to the election.
I will be doing the @TODAYshow with my wife Melania and the rest of my family in a major Town Hall. Hopefully it will be fun! Enjoy.7A.M.
.....THIS SHOULD NEVER HAPPEN TO A PRESIDENT AGAIN!
With two champion style courses @TrumpGolfDC graces 600 rolling acres along the peaceful and scenic Potomac River 
I can’t believe that Nancy Pelosi’s District in San Francisco is in such horrible shape that the City itself is in violation of many sanitary &amp; environmental orders causing it to owe the Federal Government billions of dollars - and all she works on is Impeachment.....
#ElectionDay  
I am no fan of President Obama but to show you how dishonest the phony Washington Post is: 
The ObamaCare website was hacked. $5B dollars later and the site can’t even secure your personal information.
The great people of New Hampshire who I love are not properly served by the dying Union Leader newspaper.
The Greatest Witch Hunt In American History!

Congrats @MittRomney on a huge NV victory. Let’s make @BarackObama a one term president  #OneTermFund
Instinct has a lot to do with timing. You have to be patient &amp; wait for your instincts to tell you the best time to make your move.
France and President @EmanuelMacrone have done a really great job thus far with a very important G-7. Lunch with Emanuel was the best meeting we have yet had. Likewise evening meeting with World Leaders went very well. Progress being made!
Entrepreneurs:  Believe in yourself. If you don't no one else will either.
A lovely letter from the daughter of the late great John Wayne. Our country could use a John Wayne right now. 
Russia and Ukraine just swapped large numbers of prisoners. Very good news perhaps a first giant step to peace. Congratulations to both countries!
Had a great time on @gretawire’s inaugural 7PM show. Congrats to Greta  on the new spot!
Via @Newsmax_Media: "Robb Report: Trump Scotland Best Golf Course in the World" 
Great news that @ehasselbeck will be joining @foxandfriends.  Elisabeth is a tremendous person and will be missed on @theviewtv.
In answer to your questions about my favorite impersonator the answer is Darrell Hammond.
Very little discussion of all the purposely false and defamatory stories put out this week by the Fake News Media. They are out of control - correct reporting means nothing to them. Major lies written then forced to be withdrawn after they are exposed...a stain on America!
Why haven't they released the final Missouri victory for us yet? Could it be because Cruz's guy runs Missouri?
Romney campaign used me in 6 primary states and won every one- they should have used me in Florida and Ohio &amp; he would be President.
Heading to Alabama now big crowd!
Trump Turnberry is a spectacular place--and home to four of the greatest Open Championships of all time. 
General Anthony Tata: “President Trump is a man of his word &amp; he said he was going to be tough on the Border and he is tough on the Border. He has rightfully strengthened the Border in the face of an unprecedented threat. It’s the right move by President Trump.” Thanks General!
There will be NO change to your 401(k). This has always been a great and popular middle class tax break that works and it stays!
Watch these two great people talk about the Impeachment Hoax. Will be by far the best hour on television! 
.....I did NOT know of the meeting with my son Don jr. Sounds to me like someone is trying to make up stories in order to get himself out of an unrelated jam (Taxi cabs maybe?). He even retained Bill and Crooked Hillary’s lawyer. Gee I wonder if they helped him make the choice!
Thank you West Chester Pennsylvania!#PAPrimary # 
No person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life. - Samuel Goldwyn
.@greta: Look forward to watching Greta's interview tonight at 7.00 p.m. with Marine Andrew Tahmooressi. #Marinefreed
Via @BreitbartNews by mboyle1: "EXCLUSIVE - DONALD TRUMP CONFIRMED TO SPEAK AT #CPAC2014"   @ACUConservative @CPACnews
Corporations have NEVER made as much money as they are making now. Thank you Stuart Varney @foxandfriends Jobs are starting to roarwatch!
.@HillaryClinton #ICYMI- "WE ARE NOT IN A NARRATIVE FIGHT."@Mike_Pence #MAGA 
California leads the nation by far in both the number of homeless people and the percentage increase in the homeless population - two terrible stats. Crazy Nancy should focus on that in her very down district and helping her incompetent governor with the big homeless problem!
and knew they were in big trouble - which is why they cancelled their big fireworks at the last minute.THEY SAW A MOVEMENT LIKE NEVER BEFORE
Let us give thanks for all that we have and let us boldly face the exciting new frontiers that lie ahead. Happy Th… 
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats—both with delegates &amp; otherwise. He should show them &amp; run as an Independent.
Great @Esquiremag piece - '@DonaldJTrumpJr: What I've Learned' 
Leaving today for California to inspect my fantastic golf course &amp; club on the Palos Verdes peninsula. Big success. 
Trump at CPAC: 'We Have to Get the Momentum Back'  via @WSJ's @WSJVideo
...Re: China--I told you that a long time ago. 
Wrong--@BarackObama's '08 campaign manager &amp; current Senior WH Advisor collected $100G fee from Iranian affiliate 
Tonight we forcefully condemn the blatant corruption of the Democrat Party the Fake News Media and the rogue bureaucrats of the Deep State. The only message these radicals will understand is a crushing defeat on November 3 2020! #KAG2020 
Hypocrite! in '06 @BarackObama called private equity "the best opportunity for long-term economic vitality" 
Six months after our TAX CUTS more than 6 MILLION workers have received bonuses pay raises and retirement account contributions.#TaxCutsandJobsAct 
Years ago when Media was legitimate people known as “Fact Checkers” would always call to check and see if a story was accurate. Nowadays they don’t use “Fact Checkers” anymore they just write whatever they want!
Wall is moving along strong tall and quickly. Thank you Jim for all of your help! 
The #AmazonWashingtonPost sometimes referred to as the guardian of Amazon not paying internet taxes (which they should) is FAKE NEWS!
I am watching Crooked Hillary speak. Same old stuff our country needs change!
.@BillRancic  Bill fantastic job this morning on @foxandfriends - you are a total winner and I am proud of you as first Apprentice CHAMP!
My @SteveDeaceShow int. on China the economy and my upcoming keynote at @theFAMiLYLEADER Leadership Summit 
.@chucktodd is a nice guy  but just hopeless. He knows so little about politics and in particular winning!  I fixed his rating problem.
Memorial service today for beautiful and incredible Heather Heyer a truly special young woman. She will be long remembered by all!
Meeting with African American Pastors at Trump Tower was amazing. Wonderful news conference followed. Now off to Georgia for big speech!
....this legislation with desperately needed immigration reform. We must have something good if not GREAT come out of these two tragic events!
The Democrats are trying to belittle the concept of a Wall calling it old fashioned. The fact is there is nothing else’s that will work and that has been true for thousands of years. It’s like the wheel there is nothing better. I know tech better than anyone &amp; technology.....
Thank you Florida- can't wait to see you Friday in Miami! Join me: 
Even the Democrats now say that our Southern Border is a Crisis and a National Emergency. Hopefully we will not be getting any more BAD (outrageous) court decisions!
Former winner @bretmichaels  returns to All-Star @ApprenticeNBC March 3rd on @NBC. Bret shows once again why he is a champion!
.@MittRomney shouldn't give additional tax returns until @BarackObama gives his passport records college records &amp; applications...
.@dbongino  You were fantastic in defending both the Second Amendment and me last night on @CNN. Don Lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock
Why did @MittRomney give his tax returns without demanding that Obama release his college records &amp; applications in return?
....vindication &amp; exoneration from the Russian WikiLeaks and every other form of HOAX perpetrated by the DNC Radical Democrats and others. This is really big “stuff” especially coming from a highly respected judge who was appointed by President Clinton. The Witch Hunt Ends!
Success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less.
How bad is the New York Times—the most inaccurate coverage constantly. Always trying to belittle. Paper has lost its way!
Thank you to @MSNBC! 
It was my great honor to welcome President @EmmanuelMacron of France to the United States here in New York City this evening! #UNGA 
Along with a soaring bar of sky-bound gold @TrumpLasVegas’ pool deck overlooks the City of Lights  
Thanks. 
Great American heroes who averted an attack in France. THANK YOU! Spencer Stone Anthony Sadler &amp; Alex Skarlatos. 
.@foxandfriends  in five minutes!
Lyin' Ted Cruz lost all five races on Tuesday-and he was just given the jinx - a Lindsey Graham endorsement. Also backed Jeb. Lindsey got 0!
So many people are angry at my comments on Mexico—but face it—Mexico is totally ripping off the US. Our politicians are dummies!
I will be meeting with Henry Kissinger at 1:45pm. Will be discussing North Korea China and the Middle East.
On my way see you soon Cape Girardeau Missouri! #MAGARally  
Our Great Larry Kudlow who has been working so hard on trade and the economy has just suffered a heart attack. He is now in Walter Reed Medical Center.
Iger where is my call of apology? You and ABC have offended millions of people and they demand a response. How is Brian Ross doing? He tanked the market with an ABC lie yet no apology. Double Standard!
Why can't the leaders of the Republican Party see that I am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger stronger party!
....The King said that the Saudi people are greatly angered by the barbaric actions of the shooter and that this person in no way shape or form represents the feelings of the Saudi people who love the American people.
Everybody knows why Obama would not show his college applications --- they are just not willing to say!
Pocahontas just stated that the Democrats lead by the legendary Crooked Hillary Clinton rigged the Primaries! Lets go FBI &amp; Justice Dept.
We should have a contest as to which of the Networks plus CNN and not including Fox is the most dishonest corrupt and/or distorted in its political coverage of your favorite President (me). They are all bad. Winner to receive the FAKE NEWS TROPHY!
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @foxnews at 10PM tonight. Enjoy!
“Remarks by President Trump to the 73rd Session of the United Nations General Assembly” ➡️ 
Eli Manning. Great Athlete. Great Guy. @NYGiants great teamwork!
A great evening with incredible people in New Hampshire! 
Great job on @Greta @DonaldJTrumpJr. Nobody could have done it better!
Entrepreneurs: Remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules.
Watch @foxandfriends now on Podesta and Russia!
Rubio was very disloyal to Bush his mentor when he decided to run against him. Both said they "love" each other.They don't - word is hate!
Everyone is asking me to cover The Apprentice LIVE on twitter. I will do so. Tonight 9 to 11. IT WILL BE A GREAT EVENING OF TELEVISION!
LOUISIANA! Extreme Democrat John Bel Edwards has sided with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer to support Sanctuary Cities High Taxes and Open Borders. He is crushing Louisiana’s economy and your Second Amendment rights....
.....saying enough. Democrat voters want to hear the politicians talking about issues. This is a huge distraction and will only help Donald Trump get elected.” @JedediahBila  “Greatest President since Ronald Reagan” said a counter-protester. LehighValleyLive
I’m in the Oval Office. Democrats come back from vacation now and give us the votes necessary for Border Security including the Wall. You voted yes in 2006 and 2013. One more yes but with me in office I’ll get it built and Fast!
I have now spent more time in Vietnam than Da Nang Dick Blumenthal the third rate Senator from Connecticut (how is Connecticut doing?). His war stories of his heroism in Vietnam were a total fraud - he was never even there. We talked about it today with Vietnamese leaders!
The Caravan is largely broken up thanks to the strong immigration laws of Mexico and their willingness to use them so as not to cause a giant scene at our Border. Because of the Trump Administrations actions Border crossings are at a still UNACCEPTABLE 46 year low. Stop drugs!
Now the Fed can show their stuff!
Great unity in the Republican Party. Want to once and for all put an end to stoppable crime and drugs! Border Security and Wall. No doubt!
Why did @DanaPerino beg me for a tweet (endorsement) when her book was launched?

.@realDonaldTrump is going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE -- Crooked is going to raise taxes BIG LEAGUE! #DrainTheSwamp… 
Louisiana get out and vote REPUBLICAN before going to the big game today. A runoff will be a tremendous win for your Great State - lower taxes and car insurance and better protection of your 2nd Amendment! Fantastic being with you last night!
....stem the tide of Migration through Mexico and to our Southern Border. This is being done to greatly reduce or eliminate Illegal Immigration coming from Mexico and into the United States. Details of the agreement will be released shortly by the State Department. Thank you!
Heading to Trump National Doral to check the progress prior to the start of the Cadillac Championship on Thursday. I’ll be there all week
Dress your best. Trump Signature Collection exclusively available @Macys tops all male business attire 
Wow it is unbelievable how distorted one-sided and biased the media is against us. The failing @nytimes is a joke. @CNN is laughable!
Welcome to the @WhiteHouse Amir Sabah al-Ahmed al-Jaber al-Sabah of Kuwait! Joint press conference coming up soon:  
#IndianaJones and #Ghostbusters- what's wrong??? 
The Amateur! First @BarackObama was caught bowing to the Saudi King but now the President of Mexico!  
.@alexsalmond RT @NOBLE74 I live in Aberdeenshire &amp; I'm with you you have made a big difference to that bit (cont) 
Via @golf_com by @joepassov: “@TrumpFerryPoint Will Be One of Nation's Best Public Courses”   
If the Democrats had won the Election in 2016 GDP which was about 1% and going down would have been minus 4% instead of up 4.2%. I opened up our beautiful economic engine with Regulation and Tax Cuts. Our system was choking and would have been made worse. Still plenty to do!
Great being in New Hampshire last night. I would say that was the biggest political Rally in New Hampshire history. Incredible evening!
Happy Thanksgiving to all. Have a great day and look forward to the future. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Strange but I see wacko Bernie Sanders allies coming over to me because I'm lowering taxes while he will double &amp; triple them a disaster!
At the request of the Vice Premier of China Liu He and due to the fact that the People's Republic of China will be celebrating their 70th Anniversary....
Elijah Cummings never even went to the Southern Border and then he screams at the very good people who despite Congresses failure to fix the Loopholes and Asylum make it work (crossings are way down and the Wall is being built). Even with zero Dem help Border getting strong!
The @TuckerCarlson opening statement about our once cherished and great FBI was so sad to watch. James Comey's leadership was a disaster!
Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the path of California’s wildfires. I encourage everyone to heed the advice and orders of local and state officials. THANK YOU to all First Responders for your incredible work! 
....What right does Crazy Nancy have to hold up this Senate trial. None! She has a bad case and would rather not have a negative decision. This Witch Hunt must end NOW with a trial in the Senate or let her default &amp; lose. No more time should be wasted on this Impeachment Scam!
Just got a great new selection of ties &amp; shirts @Macys.  Go buy them now for Father’s Day—they’re beautiful!
May jobless numbers have been readjusted to 8.2%.  @BarackObama's economy is a disaster  New numbers tomorrow.
Cryin’ Chuck Schumer is now asking for “fairness” when he and the Democrat House members worked together to make sure I got ZERO fairness in the House. So what else is new?
.@GOP has leverage. Must stay united &amp; on message.
Pennsylvania is in play @MittRomney. All undecideds in Philly suburbs should ask themselves - who do you trust most on @Israel?
AP-NORC POLL: “Immigration among the top concerns in 2019.” People want to stop drugs and criminals at the Border. Want Border Security! Tell the Dems to do the inevitable now rather than later. The wait is costly and dangerous!
....trampled on our Constitution and they have done irreparable harm to our Republic. The American people are going to speak up and speak out about this. I think this guarantees Trump’s re-election in 2020.” Jason Meister

Thank you! 
As I said today and many times before “I have GREAT confidence in MY intelligence people.” However I also recognize that in order to build a brighter future we cannot exclusively focus on the past – as the world’s two largest nuclear powers we must get along! #HELSINKI2018
Europe and the U.S. must immediately stop taking in people from Syria. This will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! So sad!
Honoring the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to America. Home of the free because of the brave. #MemorialDay🇺🇸
My persona will never be that of a wallflower - I’d rather build walls than cling to them --Donald J. Trump
Nominating Chuck Hagel for SOD is the wrong move for Obama.  He doesn’t need the fight.  Too much political capital will be wasted.
On the red carpet at the NYC premiere of Dark Knight Rises with @melaniatrump via @NewYorkObserver's @velvet_roper 
I'll be on @greta ON THE RECORD tonight at 7 PM
....which he is a member. When @RepAdamSchiff took calls from another person also very successfully purporting to be a Russian Operative did he call the FBI or even think to call the FBI? NO! The fact is that the phony Witch Hunt is a giant scam where Democrats...
...extremism and all reference was pointing to Qatar. Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism!
South Carolina rally last night was so unbelievably exciting (and fun). I am now off to Iowa for two big rallies - packed houses. Love it!
By popular(extremely) demand I will be live tweeting the #Oscars2014 on Sunday night. Tell all your friends I will not be pulling punches!
Thank you Kristy have a great year! 
Rise high in affordable luxury. Trump Parc Stamford offers gracious living with entertainment spaces 
....Transgender individuals to  serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming.....
I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie!
I will be going to Puerto Rico on Tuesday with Melania. Will hopefully be able to stop at the U.S. Virgin Islands (people working hard).
I aim very high and then just keep pushing and pushing to get what I'm after. - The Art of the Deal
Thank you @GolfMagazine for your fantastic review of The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral - "BEST U.S. RESORT RENOVATION" - &amp; "ALL TIME"
If I’m the third most envied man in America the small group of haters and losers must be nauseas.
Speaking to a record crowd of over 20000 people in Charlotte Arena this Saturday morning—look forward to it!
Check out Ivanka's new FaceBook page and keep up with what's happening--from The Celebrity Apprentice to jewlery to free tickets and more..
Welcome Prime Minister Abe! 
“Remarks by President Trump at ‘Global Call to Action on the World Drug Problem’ Event” #UNGA➡️ 
“We simply cannot allow people to pour into the United States undetected undocumented unchecked...” Barrack Obama 2005. I voted when I was a Senator to build a barrier to try to prevent illegal immigrants from coming in...” Hillary Clinton 2015.
The Whistleblower’s complaint is completely different and at odds from my actual conversation with the new President of Ukraine. The so-called “Whistleblower” knew practically NOTHING in that those ridiculous charges were far more dramatic &amp; wrong just like Liddle’ Adam Schiff..
China's submarines will soon be carrying nukes   They will be sent to patrol our coasts Obama won't do anything.
Middle Eastern countries must participate militarily (no running away) and big league financially in order for us to go in and save them!
I've realized that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less. Get out there and go for it.
The Trump portrait of an unsustainable Border Crisis is dead on. “In the last two years ICE officers made 266000 arrests of aliens with Criminal Records including those charged or convicted of 100000 assaults 30000 sex crimes &amp; 4000 violent killings.” America’s Southern....
Mexico has the absolute power not to let these large “Caravans” of people enter their country. They must stop them at their Northern Border which they can do because their border laws work not allow them to pass through into our country which has no effective border laws.....
Do not go back into Iraq unless they agree in a signed formal instrument to give the U.S. 50% of their oil reserves.Make the deal dummies!
Career Advice from Donald Trump  via @BNDarticles by @brittneyplz
.@FLOTUS &amp; I were honored to host our first WH Congressional Picnic. A wonderful evening &amp; tradition. @MarineBand:… 
Big legal win today. U.S. judge sided with the Trump Administration and rejected the attempt to stop the government from building a great Border Wall on the Southern Border. Now this important project can go forward!
Again I have nothing to do with the Atlantic City closing - I have not even been there in many years. Some press was accurate some not!
ICYMI @IvankaTrump’s int. on @TODAYshow discussing @Joan_Rivers &amp; contestant rivalries on @ApprenticeNBC   
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is polling very poorly in Florida. The people can't stand him for missing so many votes - poor work ethic!
Via @USATODAYsports: “Last year it was Tiger Woods with the walk-off”  @CadillacChamp @DoralResort #TrumpDoral
To The Extraordinary Men and Women of the United States Military: 
The meeting next week with China will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits...
“A Catastrophic Media Failure” 
Great job on the Larry King Live Gulf Telethon last night--$1.3 million was raised in 2 hours.
Will be in Novi Michigan this Friday at 5:00pm. Join the MOVEMENT! Tickets available at:  
No Amnesty is not a part of my offer. It is a 3 year extension of DACA. Amnesty will be used only on a much bigger deal whether on immigration or something else. Likewise there will be no big push to remove the 11000000 plus people who are here illegally-but be careful Nancy!
....China which is for the first time doing poorly against us is spending a fortune on ads and P.R. trying to convince and scare our politicians to fight me on Tariffs- because they are really hurting their economy. Likewise other countries. We are Winning but must be strong!
Good news - @MittRomney has pulled ahead in Wisconsin   WIth @PaulRyanVP on the ticket Wisconsin is in play.
The terrorist came into our country through what is called the "Diversity Visa Lottery Program" a Chuck Schumer beauty. I want merit based.
There is no amount of testimony or document production that can satisfy Jerry Nadler or Shifty Adam Schiff. It is now time to focus exclusively on properly running our great Country!
A photo delivered yesterday that will be displayed in the upper/lower press hall. Thank you Abbas! 
The Amazon Washington Post front page story yesterday was total Fake News. They said “Advisors wrote new talking points and handed him reams of opposition research on the four Congresswomen.” Now really does that sound like me? What advisors there were no talking points....
A new Republican Star is born. Great going @EliseStefanik! 
Why didn't movie Lincoln use Ford's Theater for big scene instead of the stage of an unrelated theater?
I never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way you shouldn’t want to be there either.
Always pretend that you’re working for yourself. You’ll do a wonderful job. It’s simple but it works.
I thought people weren’t celebrating? They were cheering all over even this savage from Orlando. I was right. 
“Donald Trump offers political advice to Palm Beach Republicans”  via @SunSentinel
Spoke to Virginia Governor @RalphNortham last night and the Mayor and Vice Mayor of Virginia Beach this morning to offer condolences to that great community. The Federal Government is there and will be for whatever they may need. God bless the families and all!
We have wasted an enormous amount of blood and treasure in Afghanistan. Their government has zero appreciation. Let's get out!
We gave Nadler and his Trump hating Dems the complete Mueller Report (we didn’t have to) and even Mueller himself but now that both were a total BUST they say it wasn’t good enough. Nothing will ever be good enough for them. Witch Hunt!
Alabama was great last night amazing people. 30000 folks  was largest crowd of political season. Nice!
Thank you Waukesha Wisconsin! Full transcript of my speech #FollowTheMoney: 
I am interviewed on the  @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Then at 10:00 I am interviewed by @donlemon on @CNN. Enjoy!
.@EWErickson is a total low life--- read his past tweets. A dummy with no “it” factor. Will fade fast.
Get out and vote! I am your voice and I will fight for you! We will make America great again! 
Muhammad Ali is dead at 74! A truly great champion and a wonderful guy. He will be missed by all!
Another new poll. Thank you for your support! Join the MOVEMENT today! #ImWithYou  
....Tariffs will make our country much richer than it is today. Only fools would disagree. We are using them to negotiate fair trade deals and if countries are still unwilling to negotiate they will pay us vast sums of money in the form of Tariffs. We win either way......
Fair Trade is now to be called Fool Trade if it is not Reciprocal. According to a Canada release they make almost 100 Billion Dollars in Trade with U.S. (guess they were bragging and got caught!). Minimum is 17B. Tax Dairy from us at 270%. Then Justin acts hurt when called out!
Sean's interview with Bob Woodward on @hannityshow was very interesting--Woodward was great. 
26000 unreported sexual assults in the military-only 238 convictions. What did these geniuses expect when they put men &amp; women together?
I will be on @wolfblitzer for a @CNNSitRoom interview today. Please join us 5PM ET.
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Just signed a critical bill to formalize drought contingency plans for the Colorado River. Thanks to @SenMcSallyAZ for getting it done. Big deal for Arizona!
Obama’s budget spends $2B making our navy ships algae-powered  The strong world is laughing at us.
It is far more costly for the Federal Reserve to cut deeper if the economy actually does in the future turn down! Very inexpensive in fact productive  to move now. The Fed raised &amp; tightened far too much &amp; too fast. In other words they missed it (Big!). Don’t miss it again!
.@KevinHart4real joined @woodmank104 @katek104 @K1047 &amp; was asked about his thoughts on @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 Thanks Kevin--so nice!
“Patriotism is supporting your country all the time and your government when it deserves it.” – Mark Twain
9 million fewer people voted for Obama this election than last &amp; yet the Republicans lost—do you think they might be doing something wrong!
#CelebApprentice @apprenticenbc returns tonight at 9/8c on NBC- 
With @greta in Washington D.C. Old Post Office under construction. Tune in tonight at 7PM EST! 
THANK YOU ILLINOIS! Let's not forget to get family &amp; friends- out to VOTE IN 2016!  
The POLICE in Paris did a fantastic job. Very brave - not easy!
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength not a lack of knowledge but (cont)  20:29:49,304,97,false,208294233063424000Twitter Web Client,US job cuts jumped 53% in May from   This is the Obama recovery?,05-31-2012 20:26:36,129,17,false,208293422543536128Twitter Web Client,Pathetic! Since @GovWalker is going to win the recall @BarackObama is trying to disown the endorsement of Tom Barrett  19:27:29,109,13,false,208278544634228737Twitter Web Client,Q1 GDP has just been revised down to 1.9%   The economy is in deep trouble.,05-31-2012 19:24:07,102,10,false,208277697279963137Twitter Web Client,Does anyone believe that @BarackObama did not fully write or review the 1991 publisher booklet?,05-31-2012 18:18:27,53,9,false,208261171269210112Twitter Web Client,When will @davidaxelrod realize he is on a fool's errand trying to defend @BarackObama's ineptitude?,05-31-2012 18:02:17,84,12,false,208257102869835778Twitter Web Client,Dine with The Donald and Mitt  17:54:54,38,11,false,208255247724986368Twitter Web Client,Looking forward to meeting everyone at the North Carolina GOP this Friday where I will be the keynote speaker at the dinner. #GOP,05-31-2012 17:47:53,38,14,false,208253478676611073TwitLonger Beta,China and Saudi Arabia recently struck a deal which is the largest expansion by any oil company in the world" (cont) 
Bombings all over Iraq today.That country is falling apart-such a horrible waste of lives and 1.5 trillion dollars (and I told you so!).
Unsustainable. With our $17T debt &amp; $90T in unfunded liabilities government “blatantly” wasted $30B this year 
I will be live tweeting!
“This is yet again an example of Democrats projecting THEIR criminal acts on President Trump. President Trump is an innocent man. It is a lawless coup attempt against a duly elected President.” @replouiegohmert @BreitbartNews
अमेरिका और भारत अपने देशों को मजबूत बनाएँगे  अपने लोगों को सम्पन्न बनाएँगे बड़े सपने देखने वालों को और बड़ा बनाएँगे और अपना भविष्य पहले से कहीं अधिक उज्जवल बनाएँगे... और यह तो शुरुआत ही है।
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
PROMISES MADE PROMISES KEPT! #SHALEINSIGHT2019 
Join me this Saturday in Wheeling West Virginia at 7pmE! Tickets:  
Looking forward to speaking at 1:30PM tomorrow in Nashua at @NHGOP @FITNsummit!. Let's Make America Great Again! #FITN
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. --Vidal Sassoon
With Caravans marching through Mexico and toward our Country Republicans must be prepared to do whatever is necessary for STRONG Border Security. Dems do nothing. If there is no Wall there is no Security. Human Trafficking Drugs and Criminals of all dimensionns - KEEP OUT!
....and the Democrat National Committee-The Democrat Party apparatus-has been caught using donor Dollars to Collude with Russian Intelligence to attack a domestic political opponent (me). The FBI has no leadership. The Director is protecting the same gang.....that tried to....
“Meanwhile the Dayton Ohio shooter had a history of supporting political figures like Bernie Sanders Elizabeth Warren and ANTIFA.” @OANN  I hope other news outlets will report this as opposed to Fake News. Thank you!
Rape is a huge problem in the U.S. military. Over 19000 rapes last year.
Third rate reporters Amy Chozick and Maggie Haberman of the failing @nytimes are totally in the Hillary circle of bias. Think about Bill!
You’re all wrong—check the facts! UK is massively subsidizing Scotland’s wind turbines &amp; the people don’t want them.
Just watched lightweight Marco Rubio lying to a small crowd about my past record. He is not as smart as Cruz and may be an even bigger liar
The @GOP should not agree to the ridiculous debate terms that @CNBC is asking unless there is a major benefit to the party.
.@Omarosa’s meltdown—was it for real? @DennisRodman thinks she could be an Oscar winner for that performance… #CelebApprentice
Republican Senators are working very hard to get Tax Cuts and Tax Reform approved. Hopefully it will not be long and they do not want to disappoint the American public!
I just got back from Russia-learned lots &amp; lots. Moscow is a very interesting and amazing place! U.S. MUST BE VERY SMART AND VERY STRATEGIC.
“In 2018 alone 20000 illegal aliens with criminal records were apprehended trying to cross the Border and there was a 122% increase in fentanyl being smuggled between ports of entry. Last month alone more than 20000 minors were smuggled into the U.S.” @seanhannity
Great morning at Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter Florida with @JackNicklaus and @TigerWoods! 
I will do far more for women than Hillary and I will keep our country safe something which she will not be able to do-no strength/stamina!
Have a great Memorial Day and remember that we will soon MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Miss Universe Pageant will be on August 23 (9-11 p.m. on NBC ET) with Bret Michaels and Natalie Morales to co-host live from Las Vegas
Via @nypost by @JonathonTrugman: "Donald Trump’s resume backs his run for president" 
JOBS! JOBS! JOBS! 
See you in New Hampshire! 
I'll be on The Late Show with David Letterman tonight--be sure to tune in for a great show. 11:30 pm on CBS.
The Mainstream Media hates to cover this! 
I am pleased to announce that I intend to nominate highly respected Admiral Ronny L. Jackson MD as the new Secretary of Veterans Affairs....
It's true... Dennis is really into this-very animated. I have never seen him this way before.
I will be having a 1:30 P.M. Press Conference at the White House to discuss the latest CoronaVirus developments. Thank you!
George Will was pushing for @JonHuntsman for the GOP nomination in December...said he was going to win. (cont) 
Thank you! #GOPDebate 
Just out: TRUMP GOP DEBATE - 18000000. CLINTON DEMOCRAT DEBATE - 6700000. And they were on major network vs. cable!
Who will be the next @TheRealTeenUSA? Find out this Saturday at 8PM ET on missteenusa.com  #TeenUSA
The ‘Jexodus’ movement encourages Jewish people to leave the Democrat Party. Total disrespect! Republicans are waiting with open arms. Remember Jerusalem (U.S. Embassy) and the horrible Iran Nuclear Deal! @OANN  @foxandfriends
From the great author of Rich Dad Poor Dad-- Robert Kiyosaki-- here is a very nice article. 
7. The badly flawed Paris Climate Agreement protects the polluters hurts Americans and cost a fortune. NOT ON MY WATCH!8. I want crystal clean water and the cleanest and the purest air on the planet – we’ve now got that!
I will be on @foxandfriends  in ten minutes - enjoy!
Yesterday was Matt Drudge's birthday --Happy Birthday @DRUDGE--and great job!
“Compete with yourself to be the best you can be.” – Think Like a Champion
Congratulations to Boris Johnson on his great WIN! Britain and the United States will now be free to strike a massive new Trade Deal after BREXIT. This deal has the potential to be far bigger and more lucrative than any deal that could be made with the E.U. Celebrate Boris!
Are all the illegals pouring into our country vaccinated? I don't think so. Great danger to U.S.
Weiner says many more pictures may be out there—this is just what NYC needs a pervert Mayor.
It was my great honor to sign our new Defense Bill into law and to pay tribute to the greatest soldiers in the history of the world: THE U.S. ARMY. The National Defense Authorization Act is the most significant investment in our Military and our warfighters in modern history! 
Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Make your work count.
#TimeToGetTough presents bold solutions on taxes national security the debt dealing with OPEC and China and defeating @BarackObama.
I will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor at 4:00 P.M. (prior to the #SuperBowl Pre-game Show) on Fox Network. Enjoy!
Do you think crooked @AGSchneiderman will ever challenge the NFL tax status? No—too many friends and contributors in @nfl?
Thank you Roanoke Virginia - this a MOVEMENT - join us today!Sign up:  
Yesterday I explained to @wolfblitzercnn on @CNNSitRoom why @BarackObama doesn't deserve credit for killing Bin Laden 
....the area and start a new war all over again. Turkey is a member of NATO. Others say STAY OUT let the Kurds fight their own battles (even with our financial help). I say hit Turkey very hard financially &amp; with sanctions if they don’t play by the rules! I am watching closely.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
You've got something unique to offer. Find out what it is. Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist?
I was on the TODAY Show this morning and then visited Regis & Kelly. The Celebrity Apprentice starts this Sunday night—don’t miss it!
Congratulations to @BretBaier on the immediate &amp; tremendous success of his book ‘Special Heart.’ Already in its third printing!
Thank you @morningmika and @JoeNBC  for all of your nice words and comments on the debate!
I will be going to Atlanta Georgia tomorrow—here’s the info:  Hope to see you there! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
The situation with Russia is much more dangerous than most people may think - and could lead to World War III. WE NEED GREAT LEADERSHIP FAST
For those asking the Republicans only have 51 votes in the Senate and they need 60. That is why we need to win more Republicans in 2018 Election! We can then be even tougher on  Crime (and Border) and even better to our Military &amp; Veterans!
Breitbart gets it! Vote now--Obama should release his college application records &amp; grades. He says he loves (cont) 
Hillary said "I really deplore the tone and inflammatory rhetoric of his campaign." I deplore the death and destruction she caused-stupidity
Loved Dallas and the tremendous crowd last night. Will be back!
Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me.Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election!
is = if (Spell)! Not like Chris. 
Bad “actress” Debra The Mess Messing is in hot water. She wants to create a “Blacklist” of Trump supporters &amp; is being accused of McCarthyism. Is also being accused of being a Racist because of the terrible things she said about blacks and mental illness. If Roseanne Barr....
Thank you. 
“@HoganSeaisle129: @realDonaldTrump who who who ... Say it just say it #CelebApprentice” Watch and see what happens!
Thank you. 
Amazing--@VanityFair survived one more day without folding. The clock is ticking...
Do you ever notice that lightweight @megynkelly constantly goes after me but when I hit back it is totally  sexist. She is highly overrated!
Heading to Washington this morning. Much work to do. Focus on trade and military. #MAGA
To unleash the full power of the Federal Government in this effort today I am officially declaring a National Emergency. 
Our new Miss USA Alyssa Campanella came up to my office today for a visit. We're proud to have her as our new title holder.
For reasons only they can explain the @USChamber wants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them better.
My thoughts on the Geico ad and more in today's video blog.... 
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 5 minutes.
I am all alone (poor me) in the White House waiting for the Democrats to come back and make a deal on desperately needed Border Security. At some point the Democrats not wanting to make a deal will cost our Country more money than the Border Wall we are all talking about. Crazy!
All I heard in the SOTU was proposals for more govt more spending and more bureaucrats. Very bad!
The Do Nothing Democrats get 3 Constitutional lawyers for their Impeachment hoax (they will need them!) the Republicans get one. Oh that sounds fair!
We have 1800 ISIS Prisoners taken hostage in our final battles to destroy 100% of the Caliphate in Syria. Decisions are now being made as to what to do with these dangerous prisoners....
great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! While I am not mandated to ....
The Mainstream Media is out of control. They constantly lie and cheat in order to get their Radical Left Democrat views out their for all to see. It has never been this bad. They have gone bonkers &amp; no longer care what is right or wrong. This large scale false reporting is sick!
“President Trump has done more for minority groups in this country than any president in decades.”  @LouDobbs
Why gas prices will rise Miss Canada/Miss Universe and #CelebApprentice in today's #trumpvlog... 
Great company! 
South Korea must in some form pay for our help-the U.S. must stop being stupid!
Thank you Richmond Virginia! #Trump2016 
Wow new Reuters Poll just out. Big lead if you want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  TRUMP 37  CRUZ 11 This is at the top of Drudge!
My interview on @theviewtv discussing #TimeToGetTough the GOP primary and the Newsmax-@iontv  debate(starts at 23:00) 
Historic Milestone indeed! 
Money is really cheap so this is a great time to buy a house-but be sure to lock in long term financing (without which don't buy).
Great job @EricTrump! Proud of you! #AmericaFirst # 
I knew last year that @TIME Magazine lost all credibility when they didn't include me in their Top 100...
Many people have commented that my fragrance “Success”  is the best scent &amp; lasts the longest. Try it &amp; let me know what you think!
I am sure the Chinese are getting anxious. They watch the polls. @MittRomney won't let them cheat us anymore.
The GOP Debate Scorecard: Donald Trump and Energy  by Wayne Allyn Root. 
“The Democrats are getting hit and slammed on Impeachment. It is getting less and less popular by the day.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends
Rexnord of Indiana is moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers. This is happening all over our country. No more!
...Court Justice &amp; I turned him down (he’s been terrible ever since) Shep Smith @donnabrazile (who gave Crooked Hillary the debate questions &amp; got fired from @CNN) &amp; others @FoxNews doesn’t deliver for US anymore. It is so different than it used to be. Oh well I’m President!

The greatest overreach in the history of our Country. The Dems are obstructing justice and will not get anything done. A big fat fishing expedition desperately in search of a crime when in fact the real crime is what the Dems are doing and have done!

“Positive thinking is not merely wishful thinking...
Thank you Rudy! @JudgeJeanine 
Why did @AGSchneiderman have to fill out 3 successive ballots on Election Day? And this is our A.G.
Heading over to the @UN to meet with Ambassador @NikkiHaley and all of her great representatives! #USA🇺🇸
DRAIN THE SWAMP!
The San Fran crash was totally the pilot's fault - may be too late for drug testing RIDICULOUS!
Big progress being made in ridding our country of MS-13 gang members and gang members in general. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
In 1960 there were approximately 20000 pages in the Code of Federal Regulations. Today there are over 185000 pages as seen in the Roosevelt Room.Today we CUT THE RED TAPE! It is time to SET FREE OUR DREAMS and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
The Crazed Do Nothing Democrats are turning Impeachment into a routine partisan weapon. That is very bad for our Country and not what the Founders had in mind!!!!
Mexico will pay for the wall - 100%!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #
Ohio vote today for Troy Balderson for Congress. His opponent controlled by Nancy Pelosi is weak on Crime the Border Military Vets your 2nd Amendment - and will end your Tax Cuts. Troy will be a great Congressman. #MAGA
ISIS has infiltrated countries all over Europe by posing as refugees and @HillaryClinton will allow it to happen h… 
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Golf Links Ireland (formerly The Lodge at Doonbeg) is a 5 star resort fronting the Atlantic Ocean 
.@antbaxter—Heard your documentary cost you less than $3000 to make—where did you get that kind of money?
The NFL National Anthem Debate is alive and well again - can’t believe it! Isn’t it in contract that players must stand at attention hand on heart? The $40000000 Commissioner must now make a stand. First time kneeling out for game. Second time kneeling out for season/no pay!
The New York Times reporting is false. They are a true ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Great to welcome Chairman Shin from Lotte Group to the WH. They just invested $3.1 BILLION into Louisiana-biggest investment in U.S. EVER from a South Korean company &amp; thousands more jobs for Americans. Great partners like ROK know the U.S. economy is running stronger than ever! 
.@megynkelly the most overrated anchor at @FoxNews worked hard to explain away the new Monmouth poll 41 to 14 or 27 pt lead. She said 15!
The sub-station in Blackdog is very dangerous on unregulated landfill—fire hazard! @AlexSalmond @pressjournal
Florida Governor Ron DeSantis just signed Bill banning Sanctuary Cities in State &amp; forcing all law enforcement agencies to cooperate with Federal Immigration authorities. Bill prohibits local Gov’t from enacting Sanctuary policies that protect undocumented immigrants...@FoxNews
Only 36 days until the election. @MittRomney needs to stay on offense. Make Obama's terrible record the issue. #TimeToGetTough
...in 2020.” Lou Dobbs stated that this is a fraud on the American public. @peterschweizer stated with certainty that they suppressed negative stories on Hillary Clinton and boosted negative stories on Donald Trump. All very illegal. We are watching Google very closely!
“Revenge is sweet and not fattening.” - Alfred Hitchcock
I’ll never get the support of Dues Crazy union leadership those people who rip-off their membership with ridiculously high dues medical and other expenses while being paid a fortune. But the members love Trump. They look at our record economy tax &amp; reg cuts military etc. WIN!
To Jamie Dimon—I love kicking lightweight @AGSchneiderman’s ass. Stop settling and fight!
....He loves our Military and supports our Vets! Democrat Jim Hood will never give us his vote is anti-Trump and pro-Crooked Hillary. Get out and VOTE for Tate Reeves on November 5th. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Ask yourself "is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?" and your equilibrium will be kept in check if hard times hit.
Great to see that Dr. Kelli Ward is running against Flake Jeff Flake who is WEAK on borders crime and a non-factor in Senate. He's toxic!
Debbie Wasserman Schultz is hard to watch or listen to--no wonder our country is going to hell!
.@NFL: Too much talk not enough action. Stand for the National Anthem.
Entrepreneurs: Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn.
A big new Caravan is heading up to our Southern Border from Honduras. Tell Nancy and Chuck that a drone flying around will not stop them. Only a Wall will work. Only a Wall or Steel Barrier will keep our Country safe! Stop playing political games and end the Shutdown!
Located in Palm Beach FL historic Mar-a-Lago features 20 exquisite acres filled w/ world class amenities 
We will have to see what Russia's next move will be. They may have given him an out of an embarrassing situation or drove into deeper mess!
I am on @foxandfriends - Enjoy!
Thank you Tallahassee Florida! A beautiful evening with the MOVEMENT! Get out &amp; VOTE!#ICYMI- watch here: 
A massive blow to Obama's message - only 38000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs report. That's REALLY bad!
To all of the great people who are working so hard for your Country and not getting paid I say THANK YOU - YOU ARE GREAT PATRIOTS! We must now work together after decades of abuse to finally fix the Humanitarian Criminal &amp; Drug Crisis at our Border. WE WILL WIN BIG!
Waterboarding KSM gave us the intelligence that lead to Bin Laden.
Very thankful for President Xi of China’s kind words on tariffs and automobile barriers...also his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers. We will make great progress together!
Receiving @AmericanCancer Lifetime Achievement Award & chairing @FollowLola debut @CarnegieHall on Jan.19 
....I look forward to working with him in this new capacity as we continue to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! John will be staying until the end of the year. He is a GREAT PATRIOT and I want to personally thank him for his service!
Beautiful morning- thank you @ICLV! 
As a candidate I promised we would pass a massive tax cut for the everyday working Americans. If you make your voices heard this moment will be forever remembered as a great new beginning – the dawn of a brilliant American future shining with PATRIOTISM PROSPERITY AND PRIDE! 
If you are steadfast in your efforts and self respect critics will be harmless. Keep your focus!
I am so disappointed that the Yankeed haven't terminatrd A-Rod's contract. There is no way they would not win in court! Hard to believe.
'Huma Abedin told Clinton her secret email account caused problems'
That would mean that Eliot Spitzer has failed at everything he's done--politics TV &amp; even real (cont) 
.@FrankLuntz I won every poll of the debate tonight by massive margins @DRUDGE_REPORT &amp; @TIME  so where did you find that dumb panel.
The Democrat Congresswomen have been spewing some of the most vile hateful and disgusting things ever said by a politician in the House or Senate &amp; yet they get a free pass and a big embrace from the Democrat Party. Horrible anti-Israel anti-USA pro-terrorist &amp; public.....
Gasoline Prices in the State of California are MUCH HIGHER than anywhere else in the Nation ($2.50 vs. $4.50). I guess those very expensive and unsafe cars that they are mandating just aren’t doing the trick! Don’t worry California relief is on the way. The State doesn’t get it!
“The FBI closed the case on Hillary which was a rigged investigation. They exonerated her even before they ever interviewed her they never even put her under oath.....” and much more. So true Jesse! @WattersWorld
So now it is reported that the Democrats who have excoriated Carter Page about Russia don't want him to testify. He blows away their....
NIELSEN RATINGS: 1.@ThisWeekABC 2.52 viewers 6 SHR1.91RTG .55 25-54  2.@meetthepress 2.24 total viewers 5 SHR1.61RTG .47 25-54
Not so smart after all … Man with name on Duke law library must pay me legal fees after Trump trial victory.
How foolish did @davidaxelrod look yesterday trying to rationalize why @BarackObama accepts donations from Bain? 
Amazing NH poll released! We are getting ready to Make America Great Again! 
Never knew John Kerry had such a good sense of humor! Very impressed! 
“Success breeds success.  The best way to impress people is through results.” – Think Like a Billionaire
.@TrumpNewYork is NYC's only @ForbesInspector 5 Star &amp; @AAAnews 5 Diamond hotel w/a 5 Star &amp; 5 Diamond restaurant 
....Some of those they are harshly treating have been “milking” their country for years!
Even though I am not mandated by law to do so I will be leaving my busineses before January 20th so that I can focus full time on the......
#USStateVisit🇺🇸🇬🇧 
Thank you @AnnCoulter for your nice words. The U.S. is becoming a dumping ground for the world. Pols don't get it. Make America Great Again!
Remember @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. and Celebrity Apprentice at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!

Beautiful evening in Mesa Arizona with GREAT PATRIOTS - thank you!  #MAGARally🇺🇸replay:  
Thank you so much @JonVoight!
The wonderful Diamond and Silk have been treated so horribly by Facebook. They work so hard and what has been done to them is very sad - and we’re looking into. It’s getting worse and worse for Conservatives on social media!
Academy Award winning actor (and great guy!) @jonvoight is fantastic in the role of Mickey Donovan in the big television hit Ray Donovan. From Midnight Cowboy to Deliverance to The Champ (one of the best ever boxing movies) &amp; many others Jon delivers BIG. Also LOVES THE USA!
Trump Organization's first project in India Trump Towers Pune will epitomize inspired living and timeless elegance 
Remember that things are cyclical so be resilient be patient be creative and remain positive. - Think Like a Champion
Thank you Joe. So good for our workers! 
Wow Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Toronto was just ranked #1 out of 138 hotels in Toronto! @TrumpToronto
As I have long stated we are so tied in with China and Asia that their markets are now taking the U.S. market down. Get smart U.S.A.
Congratulations! 'First New Coal Mine of Trump Era Opens in Pennsylvania' 
Excited to be travelling to New Hampshire on Monday. The Granite State is a model for the country. Live Free or Die!
The Tea Party delivered the House for @GOP so they could be fiscally responsible. Instead they have been irresponsible!
Iran's continued public threats of annihilating @Israel are unacceptable. Iran's nuclear drive must be stopped. #TimeToGetTough
Republicans must stick together! 
...confidence that President Al Sisi will handle situation properly.
Terrible story on front page of NYTimes about lightweight @AGSchneiderman   Does Eric wear eyeliner?
Remember Anthony Wiener continued sending sick pics. long after his resignation from Congress and his apology-zero control over himself!
To the great people of Kentucky please go out and vote for Matt Bevin today. Very important. He has done a fantastic job for you and America! #MAGA

The safest way to preserve Medicare is with a robust and vibrant economy. We should lower corporate and capital gain taxes immediately.
Consumer Sentiment in the month of May is the highest in 15 years. Very nice! @FoxNews
“It is clear that there is none of the bipartisan support that Speaker Pelosi said for months was essential for Impeachment.” Chris Wallace @FoxNews
I want to thank Rush Limbaugh for the tremendous support he has given to the MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN Movement and our KEEP AMERICA GREAT Agenda! He is a major star who never wavered despite the Fake News Hits he has had to endure. His voice is far bigger than theirs!
Via @Newsmax_Media by @ChrisRuddyNMX: "Donald Trump and the End of Free Speech" 
I know nothing about an Air Force plane landing at an airport (which I do not own and have nothing to do with) near Turnberry Resort (which I do own) in Scotland and filling up with fuel with the crew staying overnight at Turnberry (they have good taste!). NOTHING TO DO WITH ME
Scary thought--@JoeBiden is a heartbeat away from the Presidency.
Which National Costume do you think should win? 
With the run on our dollar about to take place commodity prices will rise. Gold silver &amp; timber will spike-- also certain real estate.
Guess which POTUS has held more fundraisers than the previous 5 combined?  @BarackObama is (cont) 
Why does @FoxNews give @KarlRove so much airtime. He (and other Fox pundits) is so biased. Still thinks Romney won. Unfair coverage of Trump
Donald Trump Sends @FallonTonight to Highest Friday Rating in 18 Months. @JimmyFallon that is #HUGE!
The National Association of Manufacturers just announced that 95.1% of Manufacturers “have a positive outlook for their companies.”  This is the best number in the Association’s history!
Via @DailyCaller by @NeilMunroDC: “Trump Wants Ebola Travel Ban” 
Congratulations @TigerWoods - you are truly one of a kind! 
Obama stop the flights to and from West Africa NOW - before it is too late! Can't you see what's happening? Can you be that thick (stupid)?
Great book just out by very successful businessman @AndyPuzder. Always known as somebody who knows how to win “Capitalist Comeback” will be a big hit!
.@RealDonaldTrump wants a SAFE America w/ stronger borders no amnesty and an END to sanctuary cities. He is… 
I'm going to the @Yankees game tonight to root them on--they always win when I am there.
If Karl Rove &amp; @GOP Establishment continue to attack the Tea Party who delivered in 2010 then there will be a 3rd Party in 2016.
Great meetings and dinner tonight in Vietnam with Kim Jong Un of North Korea. Very good dialogue. Resuming tomorrow!
Attorney General William Barr’s Press Conference today at 9:30 AM ET. Watch on @FoxNews @OANN
Thank you! #MAGA2020 
Andy Williams has died. He was a friend of mine and a great guy.
I just answered my Facebook fan's questions in the latest #AskTheDonald- watch the video- 
Can you imagine if I had the small crowds that Hillary is drawing today in Pennsylvania. It would be a major media event! @CNN @FoxNews
Oh the wonders of the Arab Spring. Our new 'ally' the Muslim Brotherhood hosted Ahmadinejad yesterday   No more aid.
Congrats to Barack Obama on April’s job report. Over 800000 left the work force w/average hourly wages &amp; weekly hours staying flat. Bad!
Canadians: My ultra luxury private plane will be featured on Sunday's episode of #MightyPlanes  on @DiscoveryCanada--don't miss it at 8 ET!
The @USCG @FEMA and all others along with other countries that have been helping have been asked to move people in the badly hit sections of the Bahamas to other sections of the Bahamas....
Please tweet me your questions to answer in my #trumpvlog.
On my way to New Hampshire- expecting a big and spirited crowd! #FITN #Trump2016  
I still hold the all-time attendance and pay per view record at @WWE.
Entrepreneurs:  Ask yourself "is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?" and your equilibrium will be kept in check if/when hard times hit.
A Federal Judge is allowing the Nick Sandman libel suit to move forward against the thoroughly disgusting Washington Post (which is no longer available at the White House!). He could now have a good chance of winning. Go Nick!
Somebody hacked the DNC but why did they not have "hacking defense" like the RNC has and why have they not responded to the terrible......
Riley Rone was a great young man. We will miss him dearly. 
One of the very exciting things to come out of my meeting with President Xi of China is his promise to me to criminalize the sale of deadly Fentanyl coming into the United States. It will now be considered a “controlled substance.” This could be a game changer on what is.......
“Nearly one million more blacks and two million more Hispanics are employed than when Barrack Obama left office and minorities account for more than half of all new jobs created during the Trump Presidency. Unemployment among black women has hovered near 5% for the last six.....
Consumer spending fell in September   Another indicator the 7.8% unemployment number is cooked.
A record high 6.7% of Americans are living in extreme poverty. This is tragic.  We can do better.
Can you imagine if Bush’s administration drafted a memo legalizing the killing of Americans?! Democrats are such hypocrites.
....fiction to Congress and the American People?  I demand his deposition. He is a fraud just like the Russia Hoax was and the Ukraine Hoax is now. When do the Do Nothing Democrats pay a price for what they are doing to our Country &amp; when do the Republicans finally fight back?
When I left Conference Room for short meetings with Japan and other countries I asked Ivanka to hold seat. Very standard. Angela M agrees!
Chairman Kim realizes perhaps better than anyone else that without nuclear weapons his country could fast become one of the great economic powers anywhere in the World. Because of its location and people (and him) it has more potential for rapid growth than any other nation!
They are taking the Democrat Nomination away from Crazy Bernie just like last time. Some things never change!
#PeaceOfficersMemorialDay 
If Republicans are going to pass great future legislation in the Senate they must immediately go to a 51 vote majority not senseless 60...
This is what REAL PRIDE in our COUNTRY is all about! #USA🇺🇸 
Great knockout on Saturday by Juan Manuel Marquez on Manny Pacquiao.  A great fight!
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!! 
LinkedIn Workforce Report: January and February were the strongest consecutive months for hiring since August and September 2015
The people of Venezuela are standing for FREEDOM and DEMOCRACY – and the United States of America is standing right by their side!
On top of the disrespect shown by Russia don’t forget they still have Snowden who has given them (&amp; everyone) massive US secrets.
Let the Arab countries take care of Egypt-they have more to gain and plenty of money..It's time for the U.S. to stop being stupid.NO DOLLARS

I agree Mike - thank you to all of our law enforcement officers! #VPDebate "Police officers are the best of us..."@Mike_Pence
Yesterday in Pittsburgh I was really impressed with Congressman Keith Rothfus (far more so than any other local political figure). His sincere level of compassion grief and sorrow for the events that took place was in its own way very inspiring. Vote for Keith!
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled. Will be great - love you Ohio!
I LOVE ALABAMA! 
While the Pres. of Iran tweets sweet nothings to Obama he forbids the Iranians to use twitter. Very revealing.
Was with @jacknicklaus yesterday--great golfer great architect great guy!
Thank you New Hampshire! Great people -- see you next week! 
House Intelligence Committee rules that there was NO COLLUSION between the Trump Campaign and Russia. As I have been saying all along it is all a big Hoax by the Democrats based on payments and lies. There should never have been a Special Councel appointed. Witch Hunt!
“Get to know yourself.You can’t improve upon something you don’t understand.The more you ask the better you'll know.” Vince Lombardi

Today I signed an Executive Order on Enforcing Statutory Prohibitions on Federal Control of Education. EO:… 
See June 2007 speech--is Obama a total racist?
The "dirty" poll done by @ABC @washingtonpost is a disgrace. Even they admit that many more Democrats were polled. Other polls were good.
Oregon is voting today. Keep the big numbers going - VOTE TRUMP! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am very proud of my friend @OMAROSA. Despite her recent lossshe gracefully performs in the upcoming All-Star @ApprenticeNBC
When the Mueller Report came out showing NO Collusion with Russia (of course) it was supposed to be over back to work for the people. But the Dems have gone “nuts” and it has actually gotten worse! Hope the Republicans win back the House in 2020 or little will get done!
Bad break for @TigerWoods-hits a great shot which hits the pin and kicks into the water-gets a bogey on hole with another great shot-Champ!
Great numbers on the economy. All of our work including the passage of many bills &amp; regulation killing Executive Orders now kicking in!
...Texas will defend them &amp; indemnify them against political harassment by New York State and Governor Cuomo. So many people are leaving New York for Texas and Florida that it is totally under siege. First New York taxes you too high then they sue you just to complete the job
“What happened is that Donald Trump won. Down goes Comey.” @foxandfriends
Am now in L.A. Will be going to the U.S.S. IOWA at 5:30 P.M. to speak to our great VETERANS and other friends!
A Dirty Cop at the highest level. Scum! 
I am in Las Vegas for the @MissUSA 2012 pageant. Watch live tonight on @NBC at 9PM ET. 
Patrick Moore co-founder of Greenpeace: “The whole climate crisis is not only Fake News it’s Fake Science. There is no climate crisis there’s weather and climate all around the world and in fact carbon dioxide is the main building block of all life.” @foxandfriends  Wow!
Thanks @RobertJeffress! 

Obama has admitted that he spends his mornings watching @ESPN. Then he plays golf fundraises &amp; grants amnesty to illegals.
....Greatest Economic BOOM in the history of our Country the best job numbers biggest tax reduction rebuilt military and much more is now OVER. This should never be allowed to happen to another President of the United States again!
Really bad news! The Baltimore house of Elijah Cummings was robbed. Too bad!
Have passion for what you do and be efficient at the same time. - Think Like a Champion

Our relationship with Mexico is getting closer by the hour. Some really good people within both the new and old government and all working closely together....A big Trade Agreement with Mexico could be happening soon!
Congressman John Faso of New York has worked hard and smart. Strong on Crime Borders and our 2nd Amendment John is respected by all. Vote for John. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
The Holiday Season in New York City is a very special time. I love seeing and meeting the many tourists who visit the #TRUMP Tower atrium.
North Korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U.S. It won't happen!
India has long had a field day putting Tariffs on American products. No longer acceptable!
Refugees from Syria are now pouring into our great country. Who knows who they are - some could be ISIS. Is our president insane?
Does anyone agree with Marilu that Gary while 'adorable' is a distraction?
A MUST READ! @AndrewBreitbart's last article--The Vetting Part I: @BarackObama's Love Song to Alinsky 
America’s great USMCA Trade Bill is looking good. It will be the best and most important trade deal ever made by the USA. Good for everybody - Farmers Manufacturers Energy Unions - tremendous support. Importantly we will finally end our Country’s worst Trade Deal NAFTA!
Longest bull run in the history of the stock market congratulations America!
Another new Iowa poll just released. Thank you! #IACaucus #FITN 
Brian Kilmeade over at @foxandfriends got it all wrong. We are not going into another war between people who have been fighting with each other for 200 years. Europe had a chance to get their ISIS prisoners but didn’t want the cost. “Let the USA pay” they said...
I hope @MittRomney now starts asking for any &amp; all of @BarackObama's sealed records--it's time.
Do people notice Hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like I have been doing from the beginning.
The harder I work the luckier I get. -- Samuel Goldwyn
Tom Brady played great today. He is a total champ and a really nice guy a rare combination!
....who got them there. Chris Wallace said “I actually think whether you like his opinions or not that Mayor Pete has a lot of substance...fascinating biography.” Gee he never speaks well of me - I like Mike Wallace better...and Alfred E. Newman will never be President!
Fact: without Texas and states reaping the fracking boom Obama’s job record would go from bad to worse!
Here’s @Joan_Rivers. She &amp; @IvankaTrump make a terrific team as my advisors. #CelebApprentice
Trump National Golf Club Jupiter is close to Palm Beach and designed by Jack Nicklaus--a masterpiece of a course. 
Great new book just out “Taken for Granted How Conservatives Can Win Back Americans That Liberalism Failed” by Gianni Caldwell a young winner! He will be at the Ronald Reagan Library Simi Valley California on Thursday at 6 PM PT. Check it out!
Will be having a News Conference from our beautiful White House at 5:00 P.M. Many things to discuss. Thank you!
It's time for government to stop picking winners &amp; losers. Let’s make sure everyone can achieve the American dream! 
The Radical Left Dems went after me for using the words “drug-infested” concerning Baltimore. Take a look at Elijah C. 
Very low ratings radio host Hugh Hewitt asked me about Suleiman Abu Bake al-Baghdad Hassan Nasrallah and more - typical "gotcha" questions
The US government's foreign debt is at a record $5.29T   China is laughing all the way to the bank.
Great news! #MAGA 
Supreme Court rules in favor of non-union workers who are now as an example able to support a candidate of his or her choice without having those who control the Union deciding for them. Big loss for the coffers of the Democrats!
Jeb has been confused for forty years- 
We are on track to APPREHEND more than one million people coming across the Southern Border this year. Great job by Border Patrol (and others) who are working in a Broken System. Can be fixed by Congress so easily and quickly if only the Democrats would get on board!
Watch this video to see how bad wind turbines are for the environment-  
We all know that chess is a game of strategy. So is business. Think about that and develop a strategy starting today.
In just 2 days the people of Tennessee are going to elect @VoteMarsha Blackburn to the United States Senate to protect your jobs defend your borders and CONTINUE MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Get out on Tuesday and VOTE for Marsha! 
Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes Crooked Hillary Clinton can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money!
Our great financial team is in China trying to negotiate a level playing field on trade! I look forward to being with President Xi in the not too distant future. We will always have a good (great) relationship!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
.@politico which is not read or respected by many may be the most dishonest of the media outlets--- and that is saying something.
.@MissTeenUSA visited today- 
Sleepy Joe Biden just admitted he worked with segregationists and separately has already been very plain about the fact that he will be substantially raising everyone’s taxes if he becomes president. Ridiculously all Democrats want to substantially raise taxes!
Rasmussen and others have my approval ratings at around 50% which is higher than Obama and yet the political pundits love saying my approval ratings are “somewhat low.” They know they are lying when they say it. Turn off the show - FAKE NEWS!
Home of the 2022 @PGAChampionship Trump Nat’l Bedminster features 36 holes designed by famed architect Tom Fazio 
Trade negotiators have just returned from China where the meetings on Trade were very productive. Now at meetings with me at Mar-a-Lago giving the details. In the meantime Billions of Dollars are being paid to the United States by China in the form of Trade Tariffs!
“Get some face time in The Spa at @TrumpLasVegas”   via @Vegascom by Renée Libutti
All starting to unravel with the ridiculous 9 year sentence recommendation! 
THANK YOU! #Trump2016 
Casting sometimes is fate and destiny more than skill and talent from a director's point of view. -- Steven Spielberg
Crooked Hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest incompetent and of very bad judgement.
.@IvankaTrump's Favorite Miami Hot Spots @TrumpGolf @TrumpDoral  
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. 
.@megynkelly the @FoxNews   poll said very plainly I came in second in the debate. All others Time Drudge Slate etc. said I came in 1st.
My speech is right now on C-SPAN 1
Puerto Rico survived the Hurricanes now a financial crisis looms largely of their own making. says Sharyl Attkisson. A total lack of.....
$4 gasoline – wow—OPEC is very happy!
Donald Trump praises @LilJon and welcomes him back to All Star @CelebApprentice  via @HipHopNews24x7
I am very worried that if @BarackObama is re-elected then Medicare will be destroyed. We must take care of our seniors.
Heading to South Carolina now - meeting with fantastic people!
....This money will come from the massive Tariffs being paid to the United States for allowing China and others to do business with us. The Farmers have been “forgotten” for many years. Their time is now!
Great Rally in Pennsylvania last night. Congressman Lloyd Smucker (PA-11) was there and I informed him that he has my complete and total Endorsement for the upcoming 2020 Election. Lloyd has done a great job. I am with him all the way!  #MAGA
The new @BarackObama motto - "You Own Nothing Not Even Your Own Success" ...
Glad to hear North Carolina is solid for @MittRomney.  It started trending for Mitt solidly after my speech at the @NCGOP convention.
Yesterday was another big day for jobs and the Stock Market. Chrysler coming back to U.S. (Michigan) from Mexico and many more companies paying out Tax Cut money to employees. If Dems won in November Market would have TANKED! It was headed for disaster.
#trumpvlog My thoughts on Afghanistan @RickSantorum and why I fired two people on this week's #CelebApprentice... 
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
.@FLGovScott: Amazing race tremendous courage - you deserved this win for a very old fashioned reason - you have been a great governor!
I am having 600 Thanksgiving dinners sent to the Rockaways--prepared by my wonderful Trump Grill/Trump Tower staff. #SandyRelief
.@PennJillette and @StephenBaldwin7's arguments are making the edit room look like the boardroom. #CelebApprentice
The United States needs great deals - and fast. We have to make our country rich again in order to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
Great Book! 
Trump rails on Romney as possible 2016 contender   via @nypost by @GeoffEarle
....and renovated with MUCH MORE to follow shortly. Tens of thousands of illegals are being apprehended (captured) at the Border and NOT allowed into our Country. With another President millions would be pouring in. I am stopping an invasion as the Wall gets built. #MAGA
What is our country coming to when a judge can halt a Homeland Security travel ban and anyone even with bad intentions can come into U.S.?
They found Jessica in Colorado--- body was mutilated--- death to the pervert killer.
FEMA First Responders and Law Enforcement are working really hard on hurricane Florence. As the storm begins to finally recede they will kick into an even higher gear. Very Professional!
Entrepreneurs are all unique. One way to build a business and turn it into a  brand is to know who you are. - Midas Touch
Wow President Obama just landed in Cuba a big deal and Raul Castro wasn't even there to greet him. He greeted Pope and others. No respect
I would gain a whole new respect for President Obama if he would say "look we made a big mistake sorry!" No more lies or deception.
Not good or smart for Obama to be calling Russia a "regional" power or to mention the concept of a nuclear weapon going off in NYC.
Massive overflow crowds in New Hampshire last week. Couldn’t get into packed SNHU Arena. Fake and Corrupt News would like you to believe otherwise. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I watched parts of @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live last night. It is a totally one-sided biased show - nothing funny at all. Equal time for us?
Thank you Governor Phil Bryant - it was my great honor to be there! #MAGA 
WOW! Thank you just landed see everyone soon! #KAG2020🇺🇸
Statement on Clinton Foundation:
ISIS has a new leader. We know exactly who he is!
After witnessing first hand the horror &amp; devastation caused by Hurricane Harveymy heart goes out even more so to the great people of Texas!
“Fans like winners. They come to watch stars – great exciting players who do great exciting things.” - The Art of The Deal
Yesterday the Christmas tree arrived at Rockefeller Plaza.  An iconic event for New York!
Will be landing in Knoxville Tennessee shortly - tremendous crowd expected. It's all very simple we want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Hillary Clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life!
Join me in Delaware Ohio tomorrow at 12:30pm! #DrainTheSwamp Tickets:  
Watching the #GOPConvention#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE
Russia Russia Russia! That’s all you heard at the beginning of this Witch Hunt Hoax...And now Russia has disappeared because I had nothing to do with Russia helping me to get elected. It was a crime that didn’t exist. So now the Dems and their partner the Fake News Media.....
Very nice article from Daily Mail  
Las Vegas' most elite destination @TrumpLasVegas' has 64 stories of golden glass &amp; offers ultimate luxury 
Weekly jobless claims soared to 21.5% a 6 month high  ObamaCare the greatest job killer in US history.
Donald Trump ready to end @ApprenticeNBC for White House run  via via @dcexaminer by @eScarry
Turkey has taken advantage of the United States for many years. They are now holding our wonderful Christian Pastor who I must now ask to represent our Country as a great patriot hostage. We will pay nothing for the release of an innocent man but we are cutting back on Turkey!
Alan Dershowitz: “These are not crimes. He (Mueller) has no authority to be a roving Commissioner. I don’t see any evidence of crimes.”  This is an illegal Hoax that should be ended immediately. Mueller refuses to look at the real crimes on the other side. Where is the IG REPORT?
Fracking poses ZERO health risks   In fact it increases our national security by making us energy independent.
Eric we are all with you and your family! Look forward to seeing you back on T.V. 
We should be focused on clean and beautiful air-not expensive and business closing GLOBAL WARMING-a total hoax!
.@BetteMidler talks about my hair but I'm not allowed to talk about her ugly face or body --- so I won't. Is this a double standard?
Offering top amenities along w/ award winning architectural design  @TrumpChicago’s condominiums are world-class 
Congratulations to @FoxNews for being number one in inauguration ratings. They were many times higher than FAKE NEWS @CNN - public is smart!
Thank you! 
Learning never exhausts the mind. -- Leonardo da Vinci
Had a beautiful dinner last night at Camp David in celebration of the 10th Wedding Anniversary of Ivanka and Jared. Attended by a small number of family and friends it could not have been nicer. Camp David is a special place. Cost of the event will be totally paid for by me!
Trump Vineyard Estates is a breathtaking location to hold special events for all occasions. Watch the video for a look- 
Today I officially updated my budget to include $18 million for our GREAT @SpecialOlympics whose athletes inspire us and make our Nation so PROUD!
Our country is facing a major threat from radical Islamic terrorism. We better get very smart and very tough FAST before it is too late!
I'm on Bill @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 PM. It will be another lively interview about how to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Money may not grow from trees but it does grow from talent hard work and brains. - Think Like a Billionaire
My daughter Ivanka will be on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
Thank you @FaithandFreedom Coalition! An honor joining you today- to discuss our shared values.#RTM2016 #Trump2016 
Nothing done wrong READ THE TRANSCRIPTS!
The United States has a great economic story to tell. Number one in the World by far!
I don’t know who Juaquin Castro is other than the lesser brother of a failed presidential candidate (1%) who makes a fool of himself every time he opens his mouth. Juaquin is not the man that his brother is but his brother according to most is not much. Keep fighting Juaquin!
The only way for Medicare and Social Security to remain solvent is if our economy is healthy. @BarackObama doesn't get it.
The illegal immigrant crime problem is far more serious and threatening than most people understand. Along our (cont)  13:29:09,86,29,false,180284502147469312TwitLonger Beta,When your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode America's military capability you (cont) 
“US tycoon Donald Trump in talks with Ryanair to bring more flights back to Prestwick Airport”   via @Daily_Record
Via @scj by @rodboshart: “Trump: Next president has to be 'great one'” 
Via @thehill by @HenschOnTheHill: “Trump says US roads are 'falling apart'” 

.....Ice Border Patrol and our Military have done a FANTASTIC job of securing our Southern Border. A Great Wall would be however a far easier &amp; less expensive solution. We have already built large new sections &amp; fully renovated others making them like new. The Democrats.....
The Wall Street Journal asks “WHERE IN THE WORLD WAS BARACK OBAMA?”  A very good question!
The MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN agenda is doing very well despite the distraction of the Witch Hunt. Many new jobs high business enthusiasm..
I agree with Kim Jong Un of North Korea that our personal relationship remains very good perhaps the term excellent would be even more accurate and that a third Summit would be good in that we fully understand where we each stand. North Korea has tremendous potential for.......
We have now learned for sure that the Democrats don’t want anything to do with Crazy Bernie. Rigged? First @amyklobuchar &amp; @PeteButtigieg quit the race &amp; come out for Sleepy Joe BEFORE Super Tuesday. Pocahontas says NO &amp; quits race AFTER ELECTION thereby depriving Bernie of at..
Spoke to Bibi @Netanyahu to congratulate him on a great and hard-fought win. The United States is with him and the People of Israel all the way! 
“11000 points gained in the Dow in the 3 years since the Election of President Trump. Today it may hit 29000. That has NEVER happened before in that time frame. That has added 12.8 Trillion Dollars to the VALUE of American Business.” @Varneyco @FoxNews  The best is yet to come!
In my office with Banana Joe who just won the @WKCDOGS at @MSGnyc. 
Wow even lowly Rand Paul has just past @JebBush in the new @CNN Poll. Jeb is at 3% I'm at 39%. Stop throwing your money down the drain!
.@FloydMayweather  Good luck tonight Floyd.
Praying for everyone in Florida. Hoping the hurricane dissipates but in any event please be careful.
...does not include the Fake Washington Post which is used as a “lobbyist” and should so  REGISTER. If the P.O. “increased its parcel rates Amazon’s shipping costs would rise by $2.6 Billion.” This Post Office scam must stop. Amazon must pay real costs (and taxes) now!

Thank you General. #Trump2016 
Such an amazing game &amp; place! 
With great patriots in Mason City who also want to bring the American Dream back! We can Make America Great Again! 
I will be signing our 738 Billion Dollar Defense Spending Bill today. It will include 12 weeks  Paid Parental Leave gives our troops a raise importantly creates the SPACE FORCE SOUTHERN BORDER WALL FUNDING repeals “Cadillac Tax” on Health Plans raises smocking age to 21! BIG
Will be back soon Virginia. We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16 
Go Admiral Ronny! 
So nice thank you! 
In ’08 @PaulRyanVP predicted that US headed toward bankruptcy  @BarackObama has added over $6T in debt since. Scary.

In the upcoming New Year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total VICTORY in all we do!
Once you consent to some concession you can never cancel it and put things back the way they are. - Howard Hughes
Good luck with the book George should do well! 
The U.S. manufacturing sector has suffered its greatest order losses under @BarackObama. He has stood idle while China steals our jobs.
If you can count the amount of time you put into a project on your fingers then you haven’t spent enough time on it.
Good luck Vince this will be great! 
Syria has prepared for an attack based on all of our "talk" - they have moved targeted ammunition and supplies to new locations.Amazing!
....fraudulently and illegally inserted his made up &amp; twisted words into my call with the Ukrainian President to make it look like I did something very wrong. He then boldly read those words to Congress and millions of people defaming &amp; libeling me. He must resign from Congress!
Big defeat last night in Nevada for Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio. @KarlRove on @FoxNews is working hard to belittle my victory. Rove is sick!
John McCain called thousands of people "crazies" when they came to seek help on illegal immigration last week in Phoenix. He owes apology!
If elected I will undo all of Obama’s executive orders. I will deliver. Let’s Make America Great Again! 
The acclaimed @TrumpChicago soars 92 stories high. You’re either staying in @TrumpChicago or in its shadow. 
Our gov’t should immediately stop sending $’s to Mexico no friend until they release Marine &amp; stop allowing immigrant inflow into U.S.
In my administration EVERY American will be treated equally protected equally and honored equally #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Mexico is killing the United States economically because their leaders and negotiators are FAR smarter than ours. But nobody beats Trump!
He @BarackObama invited his top campaign bundlers and donors to the British State Dinner  So corrupt!
Who the hell is Joy-Ann Reid? Never met her she knows ZERO about me has NO talent and truly doesn’t have the “it” factor needed for success in showbiz. Had a bad reputation and now works for the Comcast/NBC losers making up phony stories about me. Low Ratings. Fake News!
I can’t believe he would choose @OMAROSA as his first choice! She is hard to handle. #CelebApprentice
Thank you West Virginia! All across the country Americans of every kind are coming together w/one simple goal: to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
The Democrat Party in Iowa really messed up but the Republican Party did not. I had the largest re-election vote in the history of that great state by far beating President Obama’s previous record by a lot. Also 97% Plus of the vote! Thank you Iowa!
Happy Birthday to Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas a friend and great man! 
China is buying so many of our companies-- it’s really getting bad.
Occupy Wall Street is at it again- go out and get a job. It's actually easier work and far more rewarding.
Bain did not list @MittRomney as an Executive on its website in 2000  @BarackObama's Saul Alinsky tactics won't work!
Playing politics with the Keystone decision? @BarackObama vetos 20000 jobs and cheaper oil.
Big win for Republicans as Democrats cave on Shutdown. Now I want a big win for everyone including Republicans Democrats and DACA but especially for our Great Military and Border Security. Should be able to get there. See you at the negotiating table!
.@TheJuanWilliams you never speak well of me &amp; yet when I saw you at Fox you ran over like a child and wanted a picture. Please share pic!
It is amazing how often I am right only to be criticized by the media. Illegal immigration take the oil build the wall Muslims NATO!
Wow looks like James Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton long before the investigation was over...and so much more. A rigged system!
My interview with Michael Patrick Shiels on WJIM in Lansing on behalf of @MittRomney 
A good example of how our country wastes money...  #trumpvlog
“It’s a mean &amp; nasty world out there the Middle East in particular. This is a long and historic commitment &amp; one that is absolutely vital to America’s national security.” @SecPompeo  I agree 100%. In addition many Billions of Dollars of purchases made in U.S. big Jobs &amp; Oil!
“Donald Trump was framed back in 2016.” @MariaBartiromo  100% correct Maria and we can never let this happen to another president again!
I have a lawsuit in Mexico’s corrupt court system that I won but so far can’t collect. Don’t do business with Mexico!
Truly weird Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky reminds me of a spoiled brat without a properly functioning brain. He was terrible at DEBATE!
Wow @CNN is so negative. Their panel is a joke biased and very dumb. I'm turning to @FoxNews where we get a fair shake! Mike will do great
A strong Poland is a blessing to the nations of Europe and a strong Europe is a blessing to the West and to the world. 
It is outrageous that Poisonous Synthetic Heroin Fentanyl comes pouring into the U.S. Postal System from China. We can and must END THIS NOW! The Senate should pass the STOP ACT – and firmly STOP this poison from killing our children and destroying our country. No more delay!
It was a pleasure to host my friends President Andrzej Duda and Mrs. Agata Kornhauser-Duda of Poland at the @WhiteHouse today. U.S.-Poland ties are at an all-time high. Thank you for being such an exemplary Ally! 

I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 this morning. Plenty to talk about!
CNN/ORC Poll results just out for Nevada—WOW! Trump 38 Carson 22 Fiorina 8 Bush 6 Cruz 4  
THE TRUTH! The Witch Hunt is dead. Thank you @marcthiessen. 
I applaud @netanyahu for announcing that he will show up at the UN to defend @Israel. A true US friend and great leader.
We will NEVER FORGET the victims who lost their lives one year ago today in the horrific #PulseNightClub shooting.… 
Watch my latest appearance on Squawk Box .... 
Why are armed drones being released over our homeland by the Government? Seems excessive.
I will be interviewed by @seanhannity at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
.@lolojones given a raw deal in @nytimes story--not fair.
Schiff is giving Republicans NO WITNESSES NO LAWYER &amp; NO DUE PROCESS! It is a totally one sided Witch Hunt. This can’t be making the Democrats look good. Such a farce!
“What you dream about is what you will do. If you cannot even dream of doing big things you will never do anything big in life.”- Think Big
Obama is looking rhetorical and weak. @MittRomney is looking strong and sharp.
Wow! Morning Joe &amp; Psycho ratings have really crashed. Very small audience. People are tired of hearing Fake News delivered with an anger that is not to be believed. Sad when the show was sane they helped get me elected. Thanks! Was on all the time. Lost all of its juice!
Congratulations to @ehasselbeck on her successful first day as co-host of @foxandfriends! Great to be in studio today for Elisabeth.
Obama did much better than he did last time--but still lost decisively.
.@VattenfallGroup wants out of their Aberdeen windfarm fiasco so badly but @AlexSalmond won’t let them—he’s (cont) 
Entrepreneurs: Successful negotiation means knowing what the other side wants. You've got to know where they're coming from. Pay attention!
Very disappointed in Prime Minister Stefan Löfven for being unable to act. Sweden has let our African American Community down in the United States. I watched the tapes of A$AP Rocky and he was being followed and harassed by troublemakers. Treat Americans fairly! #FreeRocky
Ted Cruz should be disqualified from his fraudulent win in Iowa. Weak RNC and Republican leadership probably won't let this happen! Sad.
I am glad America is starting to get to know @MittRomney the way I know him. A wonderful &amp; decent family man (cont) 
The race for DNC Chairman was of course totally "rigged." Bernie's guy like Bernie himself never had a chance. Clinton demanded Perez!
He would be crazy to play in L.A. - really bad coach who can't adjust to his players!
Don King and so many other African Americans who know me well and endorsed me would not have done so if they thought I was a racist!
Whether I choose him or not for "State"- Rex Tillerson the Chairman &amp; CEO of ExxonMobil is a world class player and dealmaker. Stay tuned!
Republicans and Democrats must come together now to make America great again!
USA has the greatest business people in the world but we let political hacks negotiate our deals. We need change! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
.@BarackObama-Hood: Rob our children's future by borrowing from the Chinese to pay for socialist programs that will bankrupt us.
Rick Santorum making a strong point on the Newsmax-@iontv debate: @RickSantorum. 
Thank you to Rachel @Maddow for putting our Military on full display and showing how GREAT a job the Federal Government is doing! Also a special thanks to General Semonite a Patriot of the highest order and a truly talented engineer and builder! 
Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia?
...whether there are "tapes" or recordings of my conversations with James Comey but I did not make and do not have any such recordings.
The Republican Senate just passed bipartisan humanitarian assistance for our Southern Border 84-8! In addition to aid Congress must close the catastrophic loopholes that are driving the Crisis. We must end incentives for Smuggling Children Trafficking Women and Selling Drugs.
Ever see @bluemangroup in performance? They’re fantastic. And so are Penn &amp; Teller. Don’t miss them. #CelebApprentice
China is subsidizing its product in order that it can continue to be sold in the USA. Many firms are leaving China for other countries including the United States in order to avoid paying the Tariffs. No visible increase in costs or inflation but U.S. is taking in Billions!
Business is easy. Dealing with people is hard. If you are an entrepreneur your most important job is to choose who works with you.
Weak and totally conflicted people like @TheRickWilson shouldn't be allowed on television unless given an I.Q. test. Dumb as a rock!  @CNN
.@VattenfallGroup has topped Carbon Data’s rankings of the most carbon-intensive companies in the EU’s emissions trading scheme.
Via @DailyMail by @chriskitching: “Luxury penthouse at @TrumpChicago skyscraper sells for record $17M” 
Read the Transcript!
.@alexsalmond @pressjournal RT @GailLorene  Ask our Canadian neighbors who abhor the windfarms.  And poor Scotland
My @nbc @todayshow interview discussing my @RNC video &amp; why @MittRomney should not apologize 
“I pride myself on being obstinate stubborn &amp; tough.  I think those are important qualities found in successful people.” – Think Big
Inauguration Day is turning out to be even bigger than expected. January 20th Washington D.C. Have fun!
Praying for the families of the two Iowa police who were ambushed this morning. An attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all.
Thank you to Chuck &amp; all. USMCA is going to be GREAT! 
Rumor has it Apple is going to release iPhones with bigger screens. That's good news.
The threat from radical Islamic terrorism is very real just look at what is happening in Europe and the Middle-East. Courts must act fast!
Wow! Was just told that my son’s book “Triggered” is Number One on The New York Times Bestseller List. Congratulations Don!
Hillary won't call out radical Islam! She will be soundly defeated.
Obama should stop running down the stairs when getting off Air Force One.  Doesn’t look presidential and at some point he will take a fall.
“The great question is not whether you have failed but whether you are content with failure.” - Laurence J. Peter
Going to Columbus Ohio today for a tremendous rally of thousands. The silent majority is no longer silent!
I recently had a terrific meeting with a bipartisan group of freshman lawmakers who feel very strongly in favor of Congressional term limits. I gave them my full support and endorsement for their efforts. #DrainTheSwamp
Steve Moore a great pro-growth economist and a truly fine person has decided to withdraw from the Fed process. Steve won the battle of ideas including Tax Cuts....
New job numbers once again show no growth or recovery. Unemployment has been over 8% for 41 straight months--now up to 8.3%
The Fake News is at it again this time trying to hurt one of the finest people I know General John Kelly by saying he will soon be.....
America's relationship with China is at a crossroads. We only have a short window of time to make the tough (cont)  20:59:30,43,11,false,172425301853351937TwitLonger Beta,We need to bring manufacturing jobs back home where they belong." #TimeToGetTough 
Making my speech. #WWEHOF 
“President Trump is not getting the credit he deserves for the economy. Tax Cut bonuses to more than 2000000 workers. Most explosive Stock Market rally that we’ve seen in modern times. 18000 to 26000 from Election and grounded in profitability and growth. All Trump not 0...
Ask yourself "Is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?" and your equilibrium will be kept in check if/when hard times hit.
Iran is playing with fire - they don't appreciate how "kind" President Obama was to them. Not me!
Earlier today I spoke with @GovMattBevin of Kentucky regarding yesterday’s shooting at Marshall County High School. My thoughts and prayers are with Bailey Holt Preston Cope their families and all of the wounded victims who are in recovery. We are with you!
“How to travel like a billionaire! Inside Donald Trump's £63m private jet”  via @travelmail by @AndreaMagrath
Just had a great conversation with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. I told him that the just completed Olympic venue is magnificent. He has done an incredible job one that will make him very proud. Good things will happen for Japan and their great Prime Minister. Lots of options!
“Congressman Van Drew (D-NJ) SLAMS Democrats for ‘fracturing the Nation’ with Impeachment probe. ‘We already know how it’s going to end.” @FoxNews
Crippling loopholes in our laws have enabled MS-13 gang members and other criminals to infiltrate our communities - and Democrats in Congress REFUSE to close these loopholes including the disgraceful practice known as Catch-and-Release. Democrats must abandon their resistance... 
DRAIN THE SWAMP!
“I like the fact that the President is making the case (Border Security &amp; Crime) to the American people. Now we know where Nancy Pelosi Chuck Schumer &amp; the Democrats stand which is no Border Security. Will be big 2020 issue.” Matt Schlapp Chair ACU. Bigger than anyone knows!
The Oil Companies collude with OPEC to keep oil artificially overvalued. They need to be reigned in.
Enjoyed watching @MonicaCrowley's analysis of my @BillOreilly interview. Great points! Thank you Monica.
The FDA must immediately stop allowing massive dose vaccinations in babies. It is mind boggling that they allow this practice to continue.
Have you heard? China just told Obama to jump. Obama asked how high.
It appears that @THEGaryBusey is entranced with @MELANIATRUMP- and rightly so! #CelebApprentice
Melania and I extend our warmest greetings to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in the United States in Israel and around the world.
The Republicans owe an apology for blowing the 2012 election. How could they lose to Obama?!
Be prepared for a sensational episode of The Apprentice tomorrow night 10 pm on NBC.
A great book! 
Will be landing soon. Looking forward to seeing our next Senator from Montana Matt Rosendale. He will represent our Country well far better than Jon Tester who will vote with Cryin’ Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi - never with us!
Someone please tell the Radical Left Mayor of Minneapolis that he can’t price out Free Speech. Probably illegal! I stand strongly &amp; proudly with the great Police Officers and Law Enforcement of Minneapolis and the Great State of Minnesota! See you Thursday Night!
I wonder how much money dumb @BuzzFeed and even dumber Ben Smith loooose each year? They have zero credibility - totally irrelevant and sad!
Looking forward to touring the @sigsauerinc world headquarters tomorrow! One of the top gun manufacturers in the US! #GunRights #TCOT
Just won the lawsuit on leadership of Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB. A big win for the Consumer!
May God be w/ the people of Sutherland Springs Texas. The FBI &amp; law enforcement are on the scene. I am monitoring the situation from Japan.
.....What’s gone on the last three years is not reasonable. The majority has been so abusive.”
Mexico is doing great at the Border but China is letting us down in that they have not been buying the agricultural products from our great Farmers that they said they would. Hopefully they will start soon!
'Trump won the third debate'
Iraq's government is treating us like fools. We should demand their oil.
If Shifty Adam Schiff who is a corrupt politician who fraudulently made up what I said on the “call” is allowed to release transcripts of the Never Trumpers &amp; others that are &amp; were interviewed he will change the words that were said to suit the Dems purposes. Republicans...
The deal I just made with China is by far the greatest and biggest deal ever made for our Great Patriot Farmers in the history of our Country. In fact there is a question as to whether or not this much product can be produced? Our farmers will figure it out. Thank you China!
Great meeting this morning with President @AlsisiOfficial of Egypt at the Hôtel du Palais in Biarritz France! #G7Summit 
Dopey Sugar.@Lord_Sugar  ...Your net worth doesn't even qualify you to host the Apprentice.  Keep making me money.
My @greta int. discussing $25000 gift to USMC Tahmooressi Obama’s trip to China &amp; the 2014 election results 
On my way - see you all shortly!  
I hear @billmaher really bombed in Springfield--people were leaving show way early--stupid guy!
Each of you is fulfilling a vital role in our nation – you are challenging the media gatekeepers and the corporate censors to bring the facts straight to the American People. Together you reach more people than any television broadcast BY FAR! #SocialMediaSummit 
Must read editorial via @IBDeditorials: "ObamaCare's Bitter Irony: It May Increase Number Of Uninsured" 
If you live in a state with early voting you should be voting as soon as possible. Bring your friends and family with you.
.@LindseyGrahamSC and Lyin' Ted Cruz are two politicians who are very much alike - ALL TALK AND NO ACTION! Both talk about ISIS do nothing!
We will get this done for our great Miners! 
So if African-American unemployment is now at the lowest number in history median income the highest and you then add all of the other things I have done how do Democrats who have done NOTHING for African-Americans but TALK win the Black Vote?  And it will only get better!
My @CNN interview with @piersmorgan explaining why Mitt should not apologize  
Now China is trying to take over a U.S. airbase   This is only the beginning. They only understand toughness!
Big Rally in Kentucky TONIGHT for a man who has worked really hard &amp; done a GREAT job Gov @MattBevin. Kentucky is having the best economic year ever under Matt’s leadership. He is a fantastic guy who loves our Military our Vets and our 2A. Vote Tuesday! 
We stand in absolute solidarity with the people of the United Kingdom. 
Chinese President XI XINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of North Korea. President XI told me he appreciates that the U.S. is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative. China continues to be helpful!
Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals --  and see each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
We should not bail out any of the European countries or banks.
Why doesn't Fake News talk about Podesta ties to Russia as covered by @FoxNews or money from Russia to Clinton - sale of  Uranium?
Internal REAL Polls show I am beating all of the Dem candidates. The Fake News Polls (here we go again just like 2016) show losing or tied. Their polls will be proven corrupt on November 3rd just like the Fake News is corrupt!
Where were all the @VanityFair exposes on "When Rev. Wright disciples go to Washington?"  Sad!
#USMCA🇺🇸🇲🇽🇨🇦 
Today it was my honor to welcome the Amir of Kuwait to the @WhiteHouse!  
Iran is toying with our president - buying time and laughing at the stupidity of our leadership. Syria and now this! What's next?
Everybody's talking about my doing twitter during the likely very boring debate tonight. @realDonaldTrump #DemDebate
Getting ready to leave for Melbourne Florida. See you all soon!
Monday night at 8:00 will be must see television. Our wonderful Joan Rivers plays a major role as my advisor on the Apprentice. AMAZING!
The disastrous IG Report on James Comey shows in the strongest of terms how unfairly I and tens of millions of great people who support me were treated. Our rights and liberties were illegally stripped away by this dishonest fool. We should be given our stolen time back?
Florida Ethics Commission Advocate comes down hard on Rubio. So do two people who worked with him. Said he used the wrong credit card! Sure.
.@claudiajordan’s judgment wasn’t the best in who she chose to come back to the boardroom—that was her demise. #CelebApprentice
United States weekly jobless claims just hit a 50 year low. The economy is doing GREAT!
As usual China said they were going to be buying “big” from our great American Farmers. So far they have not done what they said. Maybe this will be different!
I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs trade and immigration will be big factors. I will bring jobs back home - make great deals!
...over the years I would return to criticism that it wasn’t good enough – that I should have gotten Saint Petersburg in addition! Much of our news media is indeed the enemy of the people and all the Dems...
With Terry McAuliffe Gov of Virginia at the Trump Winery in Charlottesville VA--largest on East Coast. @GovernorVA 
We must keep "evil" out of our country!
Crooked’s top aides were MIRED in massive conflicts of interests at the State Dept. We MUST #DrainTheSwamp  #Debate
By popular request I will also be tweeting live during the Vice Presidential debate  Thursday night. It will be very interesting I promise.
Congratulations to @newtgingrich‎ on being signed to co-host @CNN Crossfire. Great move by Jeff Zucker.
North Korea disrespected the wishes of China &amp; its highly respected President when it launched though unsuccessfully a missile today. Bad!
We should be focusing on beautiful clean air &amp; not on wasteful &amp; very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit! China &amp; others are hurting our air
Great job on @CNN tonight @heytana. We are all proud of you! Also congrats on a great son - he is going places.
The Republican Establishment has been pushing for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio to say anything to "hit" Trump.I signed the pledge-careful
Amnesty is suicide for Republicans.Not one of those 12 million who broke our laws will vote Republican.Obama is laughing at @GOP.
I will be interviewed on @CNN  @NewDay  at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
So sad that Burt Reynolds has lost all of his money. I wish he came to me for advice--he would be rich as hell!
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing @BarackObama's #WHCD my Scotland property &amp; @BarackObama using Bin Laden's death 
Truth will ultimately prevail where there is pains to bring it to light. --George Washington
While @BarackObama seeks to further destroy  our credit our economy continues to hemorrhage jobs. Such a total failure---as a President.
Now it looks like the fore person in the jury in the Roger Stone case had significant bias. Add that to everything else and this is not looking good for the “Justice” Department. @foxandfriends @FoxNews
Why doesn’t @MittRomney just endorse @marcorubio already.Should have done it before NH or Nevada where he had a little sway. Too latenow!
Sorry banks when we accused lightweight AG Eric Schneiderman of not going after banks he started going after banks—but years too late!
So funny to see the CNN Fake Suppression Polls and false rhetoric. Watch for real results Tuesday. We are lucky CNN’s ratings are so low. Don’t fall for the Suppression Game. Go out &amp; VOTE. Remember we now have perhaps the greatest Economy (JOBS) in the history of our Country!
Sebelius didn't test $635M (probably $1B) ObamaCare website until “a couple of days leading up to the launch.” 
What do you think about the push to put women into high intensity combat situations?
The @nytimes purposely covers me so inaccurately. I want other nations to pay the U.S. for our defense of them. We are the suckers-no more!
Joint Press Conference with Prime Minister Saad Hariri of Lebanon beginning shortly. Join us live!➡️ 
.@OMAROSA You were fantastic on television this weekend. Thank you so much – you are a loyal friend!
I think @TheRevAl should take this challenge. Axelrod was too scared. RT: @RonKaufmanIntrn: Kaufstache vs. Sharpstache.
....@kilmeade   “I want to know about Hillary Clinton with the Dossier? I want to know if there was FISA abuse? We’re still waiting for that report!” @ainsleyearhardt  @foxandfriends
If that perfect phone call with the President of Ukraine Isn’t considered appropriate then no future President can EVER again speak to another foreign leader!
In order to stay competitive in your industry it is imperative to keep up to date on all news. A great commodity is information.
.@DannyZuker  Danny--You're a total loser!
The new reality.  China’s economy ‘underpins’ global demand  Our leaders just watched as China took full control.
I must say that some of these college football games are great tonight-very exciting-I wish I had more time to watch!
Apprentice will be amazing tomorrow night!
Marco Rubio is a total lightweight who I wouldn’t hire to run one of my smaller companies - a highly overrated politician!
Via @washingtonpost 9/18/01. I want an apology! Many people have tweeted that I am right!  
I told you so-@politico just lost it's top person. Poor results and no money to pay him. If they were legit they would be doing far better!
Thank you. 
A rare case where the U.S. should help- 
Today is #TrumpTuesday on @SquawkCNBC 7:30 AM. Tune in!
I had a great time in D.C. yesterday at the Trump International Hotel- OPO groundbreaking ceremony. Watch- 
Jobless claims in the United States have reached their lowest (BEST) level in over 50 years!
Just got back from South Carolina. Going to Alabama tomorrow!
during a general election. I for one am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind --
In the just out @FoxNews Poll I easily beat Hillary Clinton - and I havn't even focused on her yet. On our way: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Newt!  
I will not let the families of The Remembrance Project down! #
Happy 70th Birthday @USAirForce! 
“Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES.” 
Remember that Marco Rubio is very weak on illegal immigration. South Carolina needs strength as illegals and Syrians pour in. Don't allow it
A respected coal miner and great dad! Rest In Peace! 
I'll be interviewed by Greta Van Susteren @Gretawire tonight at 10 pm ET on Fox.
.@MittRomney's @RNC convention came in over $3M under budget.  Barack’s @DNC convention is over $10M in debt.  What a surprise!
People are disgusted and embarrassed by the Fake News Media as headed by the @nytimes @washingtonpost @comcast &amp; MSDNC @ABC @CBSNews and more. They no longer believe what they see and read and for good reason. Fake News is indeed THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Emin from Russia--a very talented guy. All proceeds go to help the Philippines. @eminofficial #missuniverse 
New Virginia poll- thank you! We are going to show the whole world that America is back – BIGGER and BETTER and S… 
Rumor has it - Pataki Kasich &amp; Senator Lindsey Graham are dropping out of the race very soon. Hope it's not true they're so easy to beat!
When will @TedCruz give all the New York based campaign contributions back to the special interests that control him.
Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump campaign - "quietly working to boost Clinton." So where is the investigation A.G. @seanhannity
Before I or anyone saw the classified and/or highly confidential hacking intelligence report it was leaked out to @NBCNews. So serious!
Today we just passed 1.4 million twitter followers..
Michele Bachmann will finish dead last tonight in Iowa because she is disloyal and a terrible boss. Sadly it is over for Michele.
....The Dems and their committees are going “nuts.” The Republicans never did this to President Obama there would be no time left to run government. I hear other committee heads will do the same thing. Even stealing people who work at White House! A continuation of Witch Hunt!
I love Michigan one of the reasons we are doing such a GREAT job for them during this horrible Pandemic. Yet your Governor Gretchen “Half” Whitmer is way in over her head she doesn’t have a clue. Likes blaming everyone for her own ineptitude! #MAGA
#ThankYouTour2016 Tue: West Allis WI. Thur: Hershey PA. Fri: Orlando FL. Sat: Mobile AL. Tickets:… 
Based on the Kentucky results Mitch McConnell @senatemajldr will win BIG in Kentucky next year!
ObamaCare will continue to stop entrepreneurship slow growth and halt research &amp; development. Defund Repeal &amp; Replace!
wanting to sell their product cars A.C. units etc. back across the border. This tax will make leaving financially difficult but.....
“President Donald J. Trump Proclaims March 25 2018 as Greek Independence Day: A National Day of Celebration of Greek and American Democracy”  
Back by popular demand the fabulous @LilJon returns to the record setting 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice.  The fans love him!
I (we) broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a Republican Primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go! Thank you.
Manufacturers’ record-high optimism reported in the 1st qtr has carried into the 2nd qtr of 2017 via @ShopFloorNAM: 
...There is also something appropriate about keeping him in the home of the horrible crime he committed. Should move fast. DEATH PENALTY!
Great day at the #G20Summit in Buenos Aires Argentina. Thank you! 
I am doing On the Record With Greta Van Susteren at 10 P.M. on Fox. We will be talking about the bad economy and other subjects of interest!
I will be on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Enjoy!
Michaels Cohen’s attorney clarified the record saying his client does not know if President Trump knew about the Trump Tower meeting (out of which came nothing!). The answer is that I did NOT know about the meeting. Just another phony story by the Fake News Media!
Shows how dumb Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) of the dying Union Leader is to put out the letter I wrote saying why I didn't do his failed debate!
Still a buyer's market. Buy directly from a bank. They want to offload properties that have defaulted will give good prices &amp; financing.
The elites want Common Core so they can take education out of parental control. NO! Let's Make America Great Again! 
We will soon be at a point with our incompetent politicians where we will be treating illegal immigrants better than our veterans.

When little Morty Zuckerman closes his failing @NYDailyNews will I at least be given some credit? Will happen soon.

Hence legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations. The Presidency is a far more important task!
The best thing you can do is deal from strength and leverage is the biggest strength you have. Leverage is (cont)  18:30:27,104,35,false,186883308733480960Twitter Web Client,Chinese demand is raising the price of oil to$123/Barrel  We need to use our own energy resources.,04-02-2012 18:03:42,135,7,false,186876578368716801Twitter Web Client,The @BarackObama administration is far more enthusiastic about boosting food-stamp enrollment than about preventing fraud." #TimeToGetTough
“God's word is the same yesterday and today and a million years from now.” - @Franklin_Graham
Obama’s job approval is at 37% a record low. @GOP &amp; @SpeakerBoehner have the leverage &amp; momentum. Delay ObamaCare for all Americans!
Looking forward to my meeting with Tim Cook of Apple. We will be talking about many things including how the U.S. has been treated unfairly for many years by many countries on trade.

Governor @MattBevin has done a wonderful job for the people of Kentucky! He continues to protect your very important Second Amendment. Matt is Strong on Crime and the Border he Loves our Great Vets and Military. Matt has my Complete and Total Endorsement and always has!
The highly anticipated meeting between Kim Jong Un and myself will take place in Singapore on June 12th. We will both try to make it a very special moment for World Peace!
If NFL fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our Flag &amp; Country you will see change take place fast. Fire or suspend!
Prior to departing Wisconsin I was briefed on the shooting at Capital Gazette in Annapolis Maryland. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families. Thank you to all of the First Responders who are currently on the scene.
Great day of bilateral meetings at #ASEANSummit on trade which we are turning around to be great deals for our country! 
The freezing cold weather across the country is brutal.  Must be all that global warming.
“Stock had the Best First Half since 1997.” @WallStreetJour  Our Country is doing great - the talk of the world!
The @MissUSA 2012 contestants standing outside of Trump Tower in New York City-  @MissUSA 2012 tomorrow at 9PM ET NBC.
.@MissUSA Olivia Culpo has been a star a young Audrey Hepburn.
“It takes guts to win fortunately most people don’t have guts!" -- Donald J. Trump
Donald Trump Jr. Ivanka Trump Eric Trump and myself in front of The Old Post Office D.C. on Pennsylvania... 
CNN’S slogan is CNN THE MOST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS. Everyone knows this is not true that this could in fact be a fraud on the American Public. There are many outlets that are far more trusted than Fake News CNN. Their slogan should be CNN THE LEAST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS!
So many people who know nothing about me are commenting all over T.V. and the media as though they have great D.J.T. insight. Know NOTHING!
Spent the weekend in LA checking out Trump National Golf Club on the Pacific Ocean. An amazing place!  
China is adding great stimulus to its economy while at the same time keeping interest rates low. Our Federal Reserve has incessantly lifted interest rates even though inflation is very low and instituted a very big dose of quantitative tightening. We have the potential to go...
Iran made a very big mistake!
America's hearts &amp; prayers are with the people of #PuertoRico &amp; the #USVI. We will get through this - and we will get through this TOGETHER! 
In Austin Texas with some of our amazing Border Patrol Agents. I will not let them down!  
Great job being done by the @VP and the CoronaVirus Task Force. Thank you!
Major League Baseball: The best thing you can do is let @PeteRose_14---your all time hits leader---into the Hall of Fame. It's time!
A total miscarriage of justice! 
“Mueller’s report was pure political garbage!” @SeanHannity 
Does Madonna know something we all don't about Barack? At a concert she said "we have a black Muslim in the White House."
Donald Trump’s  Breaks $1M for Comedian Adam Carolla: New crowdfunding site sets record 
My interview with @NYDNGatecrasher discussing @BarackObama's #WHCD and my endorsement of @MittRomney 
Thank you to @foxandfriends for exposing the truth. Perhaps that’s why your ratings are soooo much better than your untruthful competition!
I want to negotiate my own and much better trade deals for our country. MUST INCLUDE CURRENCY MANIPULATION (and more). DO NOT LET PASS!

From the Wall Street Journal: "Google Steps Into Autism Research" re @autismspeaks 
Be sure to watch the Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday night 9 pm on NBC. 
Great job @ChrisPlanteShow! 
We are getting rid of all Glenfiddich garbage alcohol from Trump properties.
I just wrapped up a Q&amp;A @TwitterNYC. Thanks for all your questions! #AskTrump 
.....Will the FBI ever recover it’s once stellar reputation so badly damaged by Comey McCabe Peter S and his lover the lovely Lisa Page and other top officials now dismissed or fired? So many of the great men and women of the FBI have been hurt by these clowns and losers!
Donald Trump Reviews Oscars: Django 'Racist' Ceremony 'Boring' Set 'Tacky'...  via @eonline
It is so imperative that we have the right justices. #DrainTheSwamp #Debates #BigLeagueTruth 
English taxpayers should stop subsidizing the destruction of Scotland by paying massive subsidies for ugly wind turbines.
Very exciting. I will be at Macy’s Herald Square this Wednesday at 5:30pm to celebrate the launch of Trump Home crystal!
My @gretawire interview where I discuss fixing the economy killing Bin Laden the John Edwards trial and fair trade.
Thank you Piers they don't know what they're getting into.  
The failing @nytimes should focus on fair and balanced reporting rather than constant hit jobs on me. Yesterday 3 boring articles today2!
In Miami tracking @TrumpDoral’s $250M renovations. Will be America's top resort. @PGATOUR just signed for 10 yr ext. 
Congratulations to  @GreggJarrett on The TREMENDOUS success of his just out book “The Russia Hoax The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton &amp; Frame Donald Trump.” Already number one on Amazon. Hard work from a brilliant guy. It’s the Real Story of the Rigged Witch Hunt!
Fellow inductee @SammartinoBruno and me. #WWEHOF 
Russia started their anti-US campaign in 2014 long before I announced that I would run for President. The results of the election were not impacted. The Trump campaign did nothing wrong - no collusion!
More than 4000 are fighting the Camp and Woolsey Fires in California that have burned over 170000 acres. Our hearts are with those fighting the fires the 52000 who have evacuated and the families of the 11 who have died. The destruction is catastrophic. God Bless them all.
Record setting gas prices in the U.S. -- we're really looking dumb. Lots of $'s being made on us.
Obama Care is already having a devastating impact on our economy.
I am fully prepared to use the full power of the Federal Government to deal with our current challenge of the CoronaVirus!
Hillary Clinton is the only candidate on stage who voted for the Iraq War. #Debates2016 #MAGA 
A clip from last night's @Late_Show where I detail my charitable offer to Obama and Dave describes his terrible grades 
I am watching the NFL DRAFT will be interesting! A lot of talent but only a few will become STARS.

Sleepy eyes @chucktodd -- whenever you mention me unfairly I will likewise mention you.
A beautiful article by @IvankaTrump on my newly opened golf course in NYC Trump Links Ferry Point 
Thank you Anne! 
Set the bar high--do the best you possibly can. Be focused disciplined and alert every single day.
Plan a perfect weekend for the holidays in NYC's hottest neighborhood using @TrumpSoHo’s 20% offer 
This is the right TAX CUT @ the RIGHT TIME. We will ALL succeed &amp; grow TOGETHER – as one team one people &amp; one American family. #TaxReform 
Little @MacMiller sent me an expensive plaque for making his song “Donald Trump” such a big hit. Mac you still... 
The trade deal is a disaster she was always for it! #DemDebate
I'm just so tired of listening to the same old rhetoric and words day after day from our President. It's time to stop talking-WORK!
Just received a full briefing on the tragic shooting at NAS Pensacola in Florida and spoke to @GovRonDeSantis. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families during this difficult time. We are continuing to monitor the situation as the investigation is ongoing.
Many dead including women and children in mindless CHEMICAL attack in Syria. Area of atrocity is in lockdown and encircled by Syrian Army making it completely inaccessible to outside world. President Putin Russia and Iran are responsible for backing Animal Assad. Big price...
It is that time of the year.  The Trump Wollman Skating Rink is open to the public in Central Park.  The greatest ice rink in the country.
The dealmaker is cunning secretive focused and never settles for less than he wants. --The America We Deserve
Representatives Omar and Tlaib are the face of the Democrat Party and they HATE Israel!
Just in big news- I have been declared the winner of the CNMI Rep Caucus with 72.8% of the vote! Thank you! #SuperTuesday #VoteTrump
Good for the consumer gasoline prices coming down!
Republicans are totally deprived of their rights in this Impeachment Witch Hunt. No lawyers no questions no transparency! The good news is that the Radical Left Dems have No Case. It is all based on their Fraud and Fabrication!
As President I wanted to share with Russia (at an openly scheduled W.H. meeting) which I have the absolute right to do facts pertaining....
Very few people read the National Review because it only knows how to criticize but not how to lead.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain # 
Tomorrow night's episode of The Apprentice delivers excitement at QVC along with appearances by Isaac Mizrahi and Cathie Black. 10 pm on NBC
It was an honor to welcome President @MarianoraJoy of Spain. Thank you for standing w/ us in our efforts to isolate the brutal #NoKo regime. 
Wow did you just hear Bill Clinton's statement on how bad ObamaCare is. Hillary not happy. As I have been saying REPEAL AND REPLACE!
Congratulations to @FoxNews! 
Remember Republicans the Democrats already had 17 witnesses we were given NONE! Witnesses are up to the House not up to the Senate. Don’t let the Dems play you!
'CNBC Time magazine online polls say Donald Trump won the first presidential debate' via @WashTimes. #
I am considering a VETO of the Omnibus Spending Bill based on the fact that the 800000 plus DACA recipients have been totally abandoned by the Democrats (not even mentioned in Bill) and the BORDER WALL which is desperately needed for our National Defense is not fully funded.
The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc?
The Iran Deal is defective at its core. If we do nothing we know what will happen. In just a short time the world’s leading state sponsor of terror will be on the cusp of acquiring the world’s most dangerous weapons.... 
Ted Cruz lifts the Bible high into the air and then lies like a dog-over and over again! The Evangelicals in S.C. figured him out &amp; said no!
....interview including the Vice President of the United States!
Watch my appearance on @Letterman from last night- 
A country that does not control or respect its own borders is a country destined for failure. Secure our borders!
Pete Stauber is running for Congress in Minnesota. He will make for a great Congressman. Pete is strong on crime and borders loves our Military Vets and Second Amendment. Vote for Pete tomorrow. He has my full and total Endorsement!
Have a great Good Friday and a Happy Easter.
Heading back home from Singapore after a truly amazing visit. Great progress was made on the denuclearization of North Korea. Hostages are back home will be getting the remains of our great heroes back to their families no missiles shot no research happening sites closing...
The Democrats' solution is the same solution they have for everything--tax tax tax. Just one problem: it doesn't work  #TimeToGetTough
.@Lord_Sugar....but you wouldn’t notice because you have no vision and you are a total loser.
A-Rod is now looking for an expensive home in Beverly Hills--why aren't the @Yankees terminating his contract for misrepresentation?
Sooooo true @LindseyGrahamSC! 
Read my tweets you dopes-of course he should get a trial-but fast (not a 12 year disaster).
So Obama and Congress can waste billions in Iraq &amp; Afghanistan building roads &amp; schools but can’t get money to the NJ &amp; NY Sandy victims?
.@ErraticSLK  Shout out = work hard!
Thank you Missouri - I love you!
Join me at 2:00pmEST today - live from Trump Tower - via Facebook &amp; Periscope! 
By failing to prepare you are preparing to fail. -- Benjamin Franklin
Getting ready to go on @KellyandMichael - two great people!
My @msnbc int w/ @krystalball at #WHCD on my 2016 timetable saving Social Security &amp; Making America Great Again! 
They will never be satisfied! 
I find the photos of these children killed in Newtown in the New York Post heartbreaking.#Angels
New National GOP Zogby Poll#MakeAmericaGreatAgain # 
In some ways it is sad. We all wanted @BarackObama to succeed. It's not worked out that way.
Both @BarackObama and China have embraced OWS. All want the decline of America. Time for the protesters to go home.
Join us at 10pmE on @ABC2020 @ABC with @BarbaraJWalters! #MeetTheTrumps #ABC2020 
THANK YOU IDAHO! #KAG2020 
.@AnnCoulter has been amazing. We will win and establish strong borders we will build a WALL and Mexico will pay. We will be great again!
The Immigration Law Institute’s Christopher Hajec says “The Supreme Court has to look st whether DACA is lawful. What they are looking at now is whether Trump’s recision of DACA is lawful. Must consider lawfulness of DACA itself. Looks very odd that President Trump doesn’t.....
To the people of South Carolina Tom Steyer is a joke laughed at by everyone a total incompetent. He made money in coal now he “hates” coal. Did you see him fawning over Crazy Bernie? Has no chance a loser for South Carolina doesn’t deserve your vote!
Thank you Bill. So true! 
President George H.W. Bush led a long successful and beautiful life.  Whenever I was with him I saw his absolute joy for life and true pride in his family. His accomplishments were great from beginning to end. He was a truly wonderful man and will be missed by all!
Now that the election is over watch Chrysler ship @Jeep production to China--my prediction.

A wonderfully written article concerning Israel by @JasonDovEsq 
Just received applause at #NCGOPcon when I said  "People ask me why I may run for President-- I might so we can Make America Great Again!
Epic crowd in Moon Township Pennsylvania tonight. Thank you! Get out on Tuesday and VOTE for Rick @Saccone4PA18. Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Just another disgruntled former employee who got fired for gross incompetence! 
All are very scripted and rehearsed two (at least) should not be on the stage.
We need a PRESIDENT with strength stamina heart and incredible deal making skill if our country is ever going to be able to prosper again!
....always continue. Every Republican Senator except Romney many highly religious people all very smart voted against the Impeachment Hoax. @SenCapito was all in (a great person). I was told by many that Manchin was just a puppet for Schumer &amp; Pelosi. That’s all he is!
...and safe. Questions were asked about why the CIA &amp; FBI had to ask the DNC 13 times for their SERVER and were rejected still don't....
Vanity Fair which looks like it is on its last legs is bending over backwards in apologizing for the minor hit they took at Crooked H. Anna Wintour who was all set to be Amb to Court of St James’s &amp; a big fundraiser for CH is beside herself in grief &amp; begging for forgiveness!
Thank you Speaker @PRyan!#AmericaFirst #Trump2016  
In beautiful Miami inspecting the progress of @TrumpDoral’s $250 million conversion into the country's #1 resort.
NEVADA! Tomorrow is the deadline to register Republican.Visit:  from @IvankaTrump: 
...then he who continues the attack wins.” - Ulysses S. Grant
Loved doing the debate...won Drudge and all on-line polls! Amazing evening moderators did an outstanding job.
The White House will be hosting a very big and very important Social Media Summit today. Would I have become President without Social Media? Yes (probably)! At its conclusion we will all go to the beautiful Rose Garden for a News Conference on the Census and Citizenship.
Budd and Mark two great patriots for Congress! 
The Blue Monster Golf Course officially opens tomorrow at Trump National Doral with a ribbon cutting ceremony. GREAT COURSE GREAT REVIEWS!
Sohrab Ahmari New York Post “The Trump Campaign raised $10 million in the two days following the impeachment (Scam) vote. It seems the Democrats have shot themselves in the foot in one more way. They set up a process they know is not going to lead to the Presidents removal &amp;...
Looking forward to being honored with the prestigious ‘Friend of Israel’ award at the @Algemeiner Gala Dinner 
It’s more important to be smart than tough. I know businessmen who are brutally tough but they’re not smart.” – Think Like A Billionaire,11-28-2012 16:21:16,655,226,false,273823886724968448Twitter Web Client,@DJT_biggest_fan @IvankaTrump  Ivanka is a great example.,11-28-2012 15:10:04,1,1,false,273805968830259200Twitter Web Client,@FromJoachim2You  Congratulations and all the best to you.,11-28-2012 15:02:09,0,0,false,273803974786834432Twitter Web Client,@mselesky @CelebApprentice @TraceAdkins  March 3rd.,11-28-2012 14:59:17,1,1,false,273803253915983872Twitter Web Client,@LouisWalshXFact @CelebApprentice @TraceAdkins  They raise a great deal of money for good causes and work hard at it.,11-28-2012 14:58:47,1,0,false,273803127310925825Twitter Web Client,@BrainyRedhead @CelebApprentice @TraceAdkins Thanks--it will be great.,11-28-2012 14:56:19,0,0,false,273802507527020544Twitter Web Client,Are you ready for the All Star @CelebApprentice?  @TraceAdkins is back in the upcoming season...which is the best yet!,11-28-2012 14:43:47,63,59,false,273799353989222400Twitter Web Client,Join @ericbolling to get @vanessariddle to 100k followers. Beautiful girl with stage 4 cancer. 23:47:30,319,76,false,273573798215819265Twitter Web Client,The best thing you can do is deal from strength and leverage is the biggest strength you have.” – THE ART OF THE DEAL
Read the Transcripts!

Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool. Icahn Black Zell—but nobody says they went bankrupt!
My @CNBCClosingBell interview discussing America's financial uncertainty due to @BarackObama and the job report 
It was great seeing @MissUniverse and @MissTeenUSA yesterday- 
Really sad news: The great Arnold Palmer the "King" has died. There was no-one like him - a true champion! He will be truly missed.
Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes but they don't quit. - Conrad Hilton
“China presents three big threats to the United States in its outrageous currency manipulation its systematic (cont) 
The @nfl ratings continue to fall every week and will keep dropping. Boring games--too many flags--too soft!
MONDAY - 11/7/2016Scranton Pennsylvania at 5:30pm. Rapids Michigan at 11pm.… 
Ohio had the biggest budget increase in the U.S. If it were not for striking oil they would be bust! Governor Kasich in favor of TPP fraud!
Our American comeback story begins 11/8/16. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT again for everyone! Watch:… 
Crooked Hillary -- Makes History! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
I guess Rupert Murdoch and the @nypost don't like Donald Trump. Such false reporting about my big hit in Iowa. Even my enemies said "bull."
.@bobschieffer did an excellent job as debate moderator last night. I only wish Mitt was more aggressive!
Nancy Pelosi has behaved so irrationally &amp; has gone so far to the left that she has now officially become a Radical Democrat. She is so petrified of the “lefties” in her party that she has lost control...And by the way clean up the streets in San Francisco they are disgusting!
I'm a Republican but not a fan of the last George Bush-he also was a lousy President (Iraq etc.). In fact he was so bad he gave us Obama!
I look very much forward to debating whoever the lucky person is who stumbles across the finish line in the little watched Do Nothing Democrat Debates. My record is so good on the Economy and all else including debating that perhaps I would consider more than 3 debates.....
Republican Senators are working very hard to get there with no help from the Democrats. Not easy! Perhaps just let OCare crash &amp; burn!
How can a dummy dope like Harry Hurt who wrote a failed book about me but doesn’t know me or anything about me be on TV discussing Trump?
Congressman @DenverRiggleman of the 5th District in Virginia is a popular guy who really knows how to get the job done! Really big help with Tax Cuts the Military and our great Vets. He has my Total Endorsement!
How Trump Won--And How The Media Missed It 
Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 7:30 pm.   
I am honored to be chosen by Gray Line for their NY Ride of Fame Campaign. Today we had the ribbon cutting ceremony in front of Trump Tower.
The biggest and best results coming out of the good GDP report was that the quarterly Trade Deficit has been reduced by $52 Billion and of course the historically low unemployment numbers especially for African Americans Hispanics Asians and Women.
The Mayor of San Juan who was very complimentary only a few days ago has now been told by the Democrats that you must be nasty to Trump.
Going to Salt Lake City Utah for a big rally. Lyin' Ted Cruz should not be allowed to win there - Mormons don't like LIARS! I beat Hillary
Together we can save American JOBS American LIVES and AMERICAN FUTURES! #Debates 
I am now in Texas doing a big fundraiser for the Republican Party and a @FoxNews Special on the BORDER and with victims of border crime!
.@carlosbeltran15 is playing great for St. Louis Cardinals. They made a wise decision.
The Fake News Media is going Crazy! They make up stories without any backup sources or proof. Many of the stories written about me and the good people surrounding me are total fiction. Problem is when you complain you just give them more publicity. But I’ll complain anyway!
Will be starting The White House news conference at 5:15 P.M. Eastern.
Entrepreneurs:  Everything starts with you. Realize that you're in charge.  Whatever happens you're responsible.
A very sad time for America when the Supreme Court of the United States won’t allow a question of “Is this person a Citizen of the United States?” to be asked on the #2020 Census! Going on for a long time. I have asked the Department of Commerce and the Department of Justice....
When will @AlexSalmond realize that he's destroying Scotland--the most beautiful countryside in the world w/ his stupid wind turbines?
Success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
George Ross and I have done some great real estate deals together. He’s a tough negotiator. #CelebApprentice
Very smart not to be involved in the intense fighting along the Turkish Border for a change. Those that mistakenly got us into the Middle East Wars are still pushing to fight. They have no idea what a bad decision they have made. Why are they not asking for a Declaration of War?
SCHIFF'S "FACT" WITNESSES! 
“Democrats repeatedly claimed impeachment was an urgent matter but now Nancy Pelosi uses stall tactics to obstruct the Senate.” @replouiegohmert @HeyTammyBruce @FoxNews  It’s all part of the Impeachment Hoax!
Wow it’s now official. ObamaCare website has topped $1B  Will soon be up to $1.5B
.@BillMaher didn’t come through with his promised $5 million for charity so today I will sue him.
I was relentless because more often than you would think sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure. NEVER GIVE UP!
Ted Cruz along with Jeb Bush pushed Justice John Roberts onto the Supreme Court. Roberts could have killed ObamaCare twice but didn't!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy! @FoxNews
Amazing! Thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #
Conde Nast made a big mistake going into the World Trade Center. The place is a total disaster and I feel this is only the beginning!
ObamaCare is a total disaster. Hillary Clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive. Doesn't work I will REPEAL AND REPLACE!
Vote for your favorite @MissUSA contestant --- the 2013 #MissUSA Fan Vote at  !
Anyone reading this profile of Marco Rubio would never vote for him. Never made ten cents &amp; is totally controlled!
Dow just broke 25000. Tremendous news!
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM.
Entrepreneurs: Trust your instincts even after you've honed your skills. They're there for a reason.
Both Commiecast MSNBC &amp; Fake News CNN are watching their Ratings TANK.  Fredo on CNN is dying. Don’t know why @FoxNews wants to be more like them? They’ll all die together as other outlets take their place. Only pro Trump Fox shows do well. Rest are nothing. How’s Shep doing?
How can Ted Cruz be an Evangelical Christian when he lies so much and is so dishonest?
Barack Obama's delivery on Saturday night was excellent--cute mention of Trump--and I am flattered to be mentioned. @BarackObama
Agreed-- @piersmorgan says he and @OMAROSA have a “communication malfunction.” #CelebApprentice
“Not a single American citizen has been charged with anything related to Russian Collusion not one person.” @TuckerCarlson  It was all an illegal Witch Hunt!
Mitt Romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog. Now he calls me racist-but I am least racist person there is
Great line from @TheGaryBusey:  “I am an angel in an earth suit.” Do you agree? #CelebApprentice
Glad to hear Derek Jeter just removed his boot and is practicing on the field for @yankees.  Derek is a true champion.
NBC NEWS is wrong again! They cite “sources” which are constantly wrong. Problem is like so many others the sources probably don’t exist they are fabricated fiction! NBC my former home with the Apprentice is now as bad as Fake News CNN. Sad!
Before Kids Can Go Places They Need a Place To Go -- the motto of The Police Athletic League an organization I'm  very proud to support
It was a great honor to be with King Abdullah II of Jordan and his delegation this morning. We had a GREAT bilateral meeting!🇺🇸🇯🇴 
THANK YOU! #MAGA #KAG2020 
Do  not go where the path may lead go instead where there is no path and leave a  trail.--Ralph  Waldo Emerson
Via Newsmax. Nice article thank you so much.   
Just tried watching Modern Family - written by a moron really boring. Writer has the mind of a very dumb and backward child. Sorry Danny!
....A man named @VanJones68 and many others were profusely grateful (at that time!). I SIGNED IT INTO LAW no one else did &amp; Republicans deserve much credit. But now that it is passed people that had virtually nothing to do with it are taking the praise. Guys like boring.....
In addition to doing a lousy job in taking care of our Vets John McCain let us down by losing to Barack Obama in his run for President!
We spend billions of dollars helping nations all over the World but with hurricane Sandy and Oklahoma tornado not one nation helped us!
Great news on the 2018 budget @SenateMajLdr McConnell - first step toward delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for the American people! #TaxReform 
“One man with courage is a majority.” - Thomas Jefferson
.@GovMikeDeWine just updated me on the devastation from the many tornadoes that struck Ohio early this morning. My Administration fully supports the people of the great State of Ohio as they begin the cleanup and recovery.
Crude is about to pass $90/barrel.  The OPEC monopoly must be broken.  They are robbing our country blind.
.@BarackObama is bankrupting this country. His budget adds another $4.4T to the debt putting us over $20T in total debt by 2016.
Watching @trishstratuscom get inducted from the sold out crowd. #WWEHOF. 
Armed Educators (and trusted people who work within a school) love our students and will protect them. Very smart people. Must be firearms adept &amp; have annual training. Should get yearly bonus. Shootings will not happen again - a big &amp; very inexpensive deterrent. Up to States.
Entrepreneurs: Don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best. Don't sell yourself short!
Rumor has it that Senator Joe Donnelly of Indiana is paying for Facebook ads for his so-called opponent on the libertarian ticket. Donnelly is trying to steal the election? Isn’t that what Russia did!?
Senate is working hard on America’s Transportation Infrastructure Act. Will have BIG IMPACT on our highways and roads all across our Nation. Interest strong from Republicans and Democrats. Do I hear the beautiful word BIPARTISAN? Get it done. I am with you!
My @gretawire interview where I discuss the #ObamaCare USC argument gas prices & @IvankaTrump's new clothing line 
THANK YOU WISCONSIN! #VoteTrump next Tuesday April 5th! # 
.@JudgeJeanine Pirro is following up her #1 Best Seller with another book that is destined to also be #1 – “Radicals Resistance and Revenge: The Left's Plot to Remake America.” Out today go get it!
“Our company has grown since Trump has taken control of the White House &amp; the Presidency in the sense that we have better opportunities now to do what we’ve been wanting to do for quite some time and that is to create manufacturing jobs. I believe that President Trump has.....
“Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results.” – Think Like a Billionaire
This week we came one step closer to reaching the goal of aligning the skills taught in our nation’s classrooms with the jobs of the future. 
Many incredible things are happening right now for our Country. After years of being ripped off by other nations on both Trade Deals and the Military things are changing fast. Big progress is being made. America is respected again. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Egypt is turning into a hot bed of radical Islam. The current protest is another coup attempt.  We should never have abandoned Mubarak.
Economic growth can save Social Security Medicare and America.
....Other aspects of the deal are also great - technology financial services 16-20 Billion in Boeing Planes etc. but WOW the Farmers really hit pay dirt! @ChuckGrassley @joniernst @debfisher @BenSasse  Thank you to all Republicans in Congress for your invaluable help!
A very big Caravan of over 20000 people started up through Mexico. It has been reduced in size by Mexico but is still coming. Mexico must apprehend the remainder or we will be forced to close that section of the Border &amp; call up the Military. The Coyotes &amp; Cartels have weapons!
I wonder why @BarackObama is not going to the NAACP Convention. Is it because he can't answer questions about 14.7% Black unemployment?
Just took off for ceremony @ Pearl Harbor. Will then be heading to Japan SKorea China Vietnam &amp; the Philippines. Will never let you down!
Great Tweet today by Tyler Q. Houlton @SpoxDHS on the #FakeNews being put out by @CNN a proud member of the Opposition Party. @TSA is doing a great job!
Negotiation tip #2:  I always go into the deal anticipating the worst...
Hillary Clinton didn't go to Louisiana and now she didn't go to Mexico. She doesn't have the drive or stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The deal with Iran will go down as one of the most incompetent ever made. The U.S. lost on virtually every point. We just don't win anymore!
.@JohnLegere  @TMobile  John focus on running your company I think the service is terrible! Try hiring some good managers.
REPUBLICANS MUST STICK TOGETHER AND FIGHT! 
I’ve known @hardball_chris for a long time &amp; sadly he gets dumber each &amp; every year--&amp; started from a very low base.
I allowed White House Counsel Don McGahn and all other requested members of the White House Staff to fully cooperate with the Special Counsel. In addition we readily gave over one million pages of documents. Most transparent in history. No Collusion No Obstruction. Witch Hunt!
Will the Keystone XL pipeline finally be approved? Will create over 100000 jobs and make us more energy independent.
“Learn know and show. It’s a proven formula. Put it to use starting today.” – Think Like a Champion
...case against him &amp; now wants to clear his name by showing "the false or misleading testimony by James Comey John Brennan..." Witch Hunt!
I hope you all are looking at the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection of ties shirts &amp; cufflinks @Macys—great for Christmas &amp; holidays.
Making a big speech in Alabama today. So many people we had to move to a football stadium! Come and join us!
Proud of our great First Lady - and she loves doing this! 
The worst thing Hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. Just watch.
AMERICA FIRST!
Via @globegazette by @GGMaryP: “Trump: We'll bring American dream back” 
We will never forget our fallen HEROES. It was our great honor to be with you today! #FlagsIn 
Would anyone in the music industry treat a Democrat like this? @RealMeatLoaf is being punished for his political views 
Donald Trump: Yahoo Marissa Mayer Are Right; Employees Should Not Work From Home  via @HuffPostSmBiz
Just left Liberty University. Chancellor Jerry Falwell Jr.&amp; his father have done an amazing job...great school &amp; the students were fantastic
.@latoyajackson is once again at the top of her game in the upcoming All Star season of @CelebApprentice.  Amazing in the boardroom...
Glad to hear that @taylorswift13 will be co-hosting the Grammy nominations special on 12.5.  Taylor is terrific!
I am convinced that if @AlexSalmond had not pushed ugly wind turbines all over Scotland the vote would have been much better for him!
Sen. Jeff Flake(y) who is unelectable in the Great State of Arizona (quit race anemic polls) was caught (purposely) on “mike” saying bad things about your favorite President. He’ll be a NO on tax cuts because his political career anyway is “toast.”
“You go around Pennsylvania and you see Trump signs everywhere. The Donald Trump situation is bigger than the Reagan Revolution. Donald Trump has inspired us.” @RjHarris15  WHP580
Do you think @SenTedCruz knows about @bobvanderplaats dealings? Actually I doubt it!
Visited a great family of a young man under major surgery at the amazing Walter Reed Medical Center. Those are truly some of the best doctors anywhere in the world. Also began phase one of my yearly physical. Everything very good (great!). Will complete next year.
Thank you to Doug Parker and American Airlines for all of the help you have given to the U.S. with Hurricane flights. Fantastic job!
Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to "leak" into the public. One last shot at me.Are we living in Nazi Germany?
“Peace is not absence of conflict it is the ability to handle conflict by peaceful means.” – Pres. Ronald Reagan
Join us in Salt Lake City Utah- tonight!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #
Word is that @Greta Van Susteren was let go by her out of control bosses at @NBC &amp; @Comcast because she refused to go along w/ 'Trump hate!'
Honor to have been interviewed by the very wonderful @bishopwtjackson in Detroit last week - tune in at 9pmE. Enjoy! 
Has the media picked up the new Zogby poll that was just put out? I doubt it! 

Which National Costume do you think should win? 
Watched North Dakota’s Rep. Kevin Cramer easily win debate with Senator Heidi Heitkamp. Great job Kevin you will be a great Senator!
We may get out of ObamaCare because the train wreck is impossible to implement   It is a disaster.
We need to secure our borders ASAP. No games we must be smart tough and vigilant. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN &amp; MAKE AMERICA STRONG AGAIN!
.....would order a new trial I’m not so sure about Judge Jackson I don’t know.” @Judgenap (Andrew Napolitano) @foxandfriends
.@mdamelincourt  Thanks M you are doing a great job at Trump Toronto!
READ THE TRANSCRIPTS!
Eric did a great job with his Eric Trump Foundation annual charity outing. I'm proud of him.  
I hope everyone is having a great Christmas then tomorrow it’s back to work in order to Make America Great Again (which is happening faster than anyone anticipated)!
Derek get well soon the @Yankees need youl.
Busy day—working on buying a major property—and creating lots of jobs.
Ivanka and Joan Rivers will be working hard tonight at the Live Finale - everybody must watch the OPENING at 9.
Just spoke with Prime Minister @GiuseppeConteIT of Italy concerning many subjects including the fact that Italy is now taking a very hard line on illegal immigration...
The Paley Center for Media is a great place to visit when you’re in NYC. #CelebApprentice
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Now the world is looking to China for an economic 'lift'   @BarackObama has ruined our economic hegemony.
Join me in Phoenix Arizona today at 4pm! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst  
Iran is threatening to shut the Strait of Hormuz and @BarackObama won't approve the Keystone pipeline. His energy policy makes America weak.
Back by popular demand @latoyajackson returns to the 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice. She is fierce in the Board Room!
The United States has an $800 Billion Dollar Yearly Trade Deficit because of our “very stupid” trade deals and policies. Our jobs and wealth are being given to other countries that have taken advantage of us for years. They laugh at what fools our leaders have been. No more!
New CBS poll. #
We will have the votes for Healthcare but not for the reconciliation deadline of Friday after which we need 60. Get rid of Filibuster Rule!
The Clinton's are the real predators...
Could somebody please explain to the Democrats (we need their votes) that our Country losses 250 Billion Dollars a year on illegal immigration not including the terrible drug flow. Top Border Security including a Wall is $25 Billion. Pays for itself in two months. Get it done!
Sleepy Joe Biden’s victory in the South Carolina Democrat Primary should be the end of Mini Mike Bloomberg’s Joke of a campaign. After the worst debate performance in the history of presidential debates  Mini Mike now has Biden split up his very few voters taking many away!
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
President should not be telling the Washington Redskins to change their name-our country has far bigger problems! FOCUS on themnot nonsense
Re Negotiation: Patience is an enormous virtue &amp; needs to be cultivated for successful negotiations on any level.
Hillary flunky who lost big. For the 100th time I never "mocked" a disabled reporter (would never do that) but simply showed him.......
.@ShawnJohnson Congratulations on your engagement --- he is a lucky guy. You are  a true winner and will be an amazing couple.
I am on my way! See you all soon! 
Good night of television! 8:00 PM @WattersWorld  9:00 PM @JudgeJeanine with interview of @RudyGiuliani followed by Greg G. Honest commentary is always nice!
.@realDonaldTrump is PRO-LIFE PRO-FAMILY #BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016 
Our views trump the rest for the #Thanksgiving #MacysParade. Stay @TrumpNewYork for exclusive parade access 

For the Democrats to interview in open hearings a convicted liar &amp; fraudster at the same time as the very important Nuclear Summit with North Korea is perhaps a new low in American politics and may have contributed to the “walk.” Never done when a president is overseas. Shame!
We can create jobs in the American economy by protecting our own manufacturing sector.
I will be in PR on Tues. to further ensure we continue doing everything possible to assist &amp; support the people in their time of great need.
It’s Thursday.  How much did OPEC steal from all of us today?
Sebastian Gorka a very talented man who I got to know well while he was working at the White House has just written an excellent book “Why We Fight.” Much will be learned from this very good read!
Busy day planned.  Looking forward to watching President Macron of France address a Joint Session of Congress today. This is a great honor and seldom allowed to be done...he will be GREAT!
Thank you Pennsylvania. I love you! 
In my new book #TimeToGetTough I make a full financial disclosure detailing my net worth.  
Happy 102nd birthday to President Ronald Reagan. Every day that passes Reagan's presidency looks better and better.
Entrepreneurs: Set the example and you'll be a magnet for the right people. That's the best way to work with people you like.
#Trump360 Watch this 360 video of my speech last night at Trump Tower- 
We have been serving as policemen in Afghanistan and that was not meant to be the job of our Great Soldiers the finest on earth. Over the last four days we have been hitting our Enemy harder than at any time in the last ten years!
Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan and myself this morning building an even deeper and better relationship while playing a quick round of golf at Trump International Golf Club. 
Looking forward to being hosted &amp; interviewed next Monday by David Rubenstein at the @TheEconomicClub   
I will be doing @SquawkCNBC at 7:30.
Washington needs common sense conservative solutions. Let’s make America great again! 
So now the Radical Left Dems don’t talk about Collusion anymore because the Mueller Report said there was No Collusion they only want to talk about Obstruction even though there was No Obstruction or No Crime - except for the crimes committed by the other side!
Publicity seeking Lindsey Graham falsely stated that I said there is moral equivalency between the KKK neo-Nazis &amp; white supremacists......
I look forward to VETOING the just passed Democrat inspired Resolution which would OPEN BORDERS while increasing Crime Drugs and Trafficking in our Country. I thank all of the Strong Republicans who voted to support Border Security and our desperately needed WALL!
U.S. Senator Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) issued the following statement today regarding the 2016 presidential election: 
Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
The Fed's reckless monetary policies will cause problems in the years to come. The Fed has to be reined in or we will soon be Greece.
“@DamacOfficial Announces @TigerWoods to Create Golf Course for Trump World Golf Club Dubai”  via @BusinessWire
.@Erik_Paulsen @Jason2CD @JimHagedornMN and @PeteStauber love our Country and the Great State of Minnesota. They are winners and always get the job done We need them all in Congress for #MAGA. Border Military Vets 2nd A. Go Vote Minnesota. They have my Strong Endorsement!
Our country has a big heart. And it's a point of national pride that we take care of our own." #TimeToGetTough (cont) 
Make our borders strong and stop illegal immigration. Even President Obama agrees- 
Thank you @GOPLeader! 
Thank you - so nice.
The Economy is strong and good whereas the rest of the world is not doing so well. Despite this the Fake News Media together with their Partner the Democrat Party are working overtime to convince people that we are in or will soon be going into a Recession. They are.....
Here's the deal: when your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode America's military (cont)  16:11:16,61,6,false,187935447207526401TwitLonger Beta,Here's the solution on China: get tough. Slap a 25 percent tax on China's products if they don't set a real (cont) 
Uranium deal to Russia with Clinton help and Obama Administration knowledge is the biggest story that Fake Media doesn't want to follow!
The leaders of virtually every country that I met at the G-20 congratulated me on our great economy. Many countries are having difficulties on that score. We have the best economy anywhere in the world with GREAT &amp; UNLIMITED potential looking into the future!
It was just explained to me that for next weeks Fake Hearing (trial) in the House as they interview Never Trumpers and others I get NO LAWYER &amp; NO DUE PROCESS. It is a Pelosi Schiff Scam against the Republican Party and me. This Witch Hunt should not be allowed to proceed!
Rising 70 stories over Panama Bay @TrumpPanama offers our elite amenities in Latin Americas tallest building  
Happy #Hanukkah 
The failing @nytimes is truly one of the worst newspapers. They knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check. Really bad people!
Unthinkable devastation from the tsunami disaster in Indonesia. More than two hundred dead and nearly a thousand injured or unaccounted for. We are praying for recovery and healing. America is with you!
“An investigation into NOTHING.” The wonderful @trish_regan on the Mueller Witch Hunt!
Today @FLOTUS Melania and I are honored to host the 2019 @WhiteHouse Easter Egg Roll! 
.....shouting of the F...word among many other terrible things and the petrified Dems run for the hills. Why isn’t the House voting to rebuke the filthy and hate laced things they have said? Because they are the Radical Left and the Democrats are afraid to take them on. Sad!
Realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge. Everything starts with you.
“The reason we have the Special Counsel investigation is that James Comey (a dirty cop) leaked his memos to a friend who leaked them to the press on purpose.” @KennedyNation Totally illegal!
“What’s completely unacceptable is for Congesswoman Omar to target Jews in this case Stephen Miller.” Jeff Ballabon B2 Strategic CEO.  @Varneyco
....As usual Powell let us down but at least he is ending quantitative tightening which shouldn’t have started in the first place - no inflation. We are winning anyway but I am certainly not getting much help from the Federal Reserve!
Great new poll- thank you America!#Trump2016 #ImWithYou 
.@ForbesInspector 5 Star &amp; @TripAdvisor #1 Luxury Hotel @TrumpToronto offers style luxury &amp; impeccable service 
Also tune in to the @TodayShow at 7:00am. I will be on to discuss the campaign my new ads and #CrippledAmerica.
Jack Welch thinks Sam Palmisano retired CEO of IBM should be the next CEO of MICROSOFT. Interesting!
I campaigned on Border Security which you cannot have without a strong and powerful Wall. Our Southern Border has long been an “Open Wound” where drugs criminals (including human traffickers) and illegals would pour into our Country. Dems should get back here an fix now!
.@AP continues to do extremely dishonest reporting. Always looking for a hit to bring them back into relevancy—ain’t working!
Looking forward to the Florida rally tomorrow. Big crowd expected!
....call the FBI about these calls and meetings? How ridiculous! I would never be trusted again. With that being said my full answer is rarely played by the Fake News Media. They purposely leave out the part that matters.
“A lot of people feel defeated...Trump always wins. It seems like nothing can stop him.” Danny Villazon  @nytimes @DanaPerino @FoxNews  But isn’t that what you want from your President?
Doing interview today with Maria Bartiromo at 10:00 A.M. on @FoxNews - ENJOY!
Don’t believe Kay Hagan on Ebola travel ban. She also promised that you would keep your healthcare plan under ObamaCare. Vote @ThomTillis!
...to terrorism and airline flight safety. Humanitarian reasons plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS &amp; terrorism.
New and great selection of ties shirts and cufflinks@Macy's - check them out!
Great New Poll  
Senator Chuck Schumer helping to import Europes problems said Col.Tony Shaffer. We will stop this craziness!  @foxandfriends
The fight against ISIS starts at our border. ‘At least’ 10 ISIS have been caught crossing the Mexico border. Build a wall!
I will be interviewed by Anderson Cooper at 8pm on @CNN from New Hampshire. Should be very interesting!
Looks like I was right about NATO. I had no doubt. 
Dopey @ariannahuff should force her reporters to be accurate—if she has that power.
Obama's deal raises taxes on 77% of national households.  With Obama Care taxes kicking in now everyone will be paying for his 2nd term.
Our two great republics are linked together by the timeless bonds of history culture and destiny. We are people who cherish our values protect our civilization and recognize the image of God in every human soul. 
I hear a failing New York newspaper is going to publish one of my old cell phone numbers. So original - just one of many!
Another Fake Story on @NBCNews that I offered Pardons to Homeland Securiy personnel in case they broke the law regarding illegal immigration and sanctuary cities. Of course this is not true. Mainstream Media is corrupt and getting worse if that is possible every day!
Great victory for people of Blackdog Scotland. They defeated substation stopping inefficient &amp; ugly wind turbines.@AlexSalmond
.@LouieGohmertTX1 is a Fantastic Republican from the Great State of Texas! He fully supports our #MAGA and #KAG Agenda Border WALL Military Vets and your Second Amendment. Louie is my friend and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
I have an idea for @JebBush whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name &amp; don’t be ashamed of it!
I will Chair the United Nations Security Council meeting on Iran next week!
CHAIN MIGRATION must end now! Some people come in and they bring their whole family with them who can be truly evil. NOT ACCEPTABLE! 
PROMISES KEPT! 
Remember when @BarackObama promised you could keep your coverage? Study shows 1 in 10 employers will drop health care 
Why do people give @KarlRove contributions when they know he is a loser who has no idea how to win? 
On my way to Pensacola Florida. See everyone soon! #MAGA 
“Palin’s brand among evangelicals is as gold as the faucets in Trump tower” said Ralph Reed the chairman of the Faith &amp; Freedom Coalition.
Congratulations to @BillCassidy on a decisive win this past Saturday. Bill will be a pro-growth &amp; pro-energy Senator.
The purpose of China’s massive military buildup on the Nork’s border is to intimidate us. China attacked us during the Korean War.
Who can figure out the true meaning of "covfefe" ???  Enjoy!
Congratulations to my son Eric for making the Forbes 30 under 30 list. He's done a great job!  
.@lancearmstrong really blew it--went down in flames--too bad!
PAY TO PLAY POLITICS. #CrookedHillary 
My @SquawkCNBC #TrumpTuesday interview discussing QE3 @MittRomney's leaked comments Middle East &amp; US oil capability 
After spending more than $35000000 over a two year period interviewing 500 people using 18 Trump Hating Angry Democrats &amp; 49 FBI Agents - all culminating in a more than 400 page Report showing NO COLLUSION - why would the Democrats in Congress now need Robert Mueller.......
Will be giving a Full Pardon to Dinesh D’Souza today. He was treated very unfairly by our government!
See you tomorrow! #CHAMPS 
I will be talking about my wonderful experience in Iowa and the simultaneous unfair treatment by the media-later in New Hampshire. Big crowd
Badly failing presidential candidate @KamalaHarris will not go to a very wonderful largely African American event today because yesterday I recieved a major award at the same event for being able to produce &amp; sign into law major Criminal Justice Reform legislation which will..
....absolutely no pressure. I don’t know of any crime that was committed where the actual victim wasn’t aware of it....and they got the call they got the meeting and they got the money. Unbelievably the Democrats have weaponized the Impeachment process they have....
Everytime someone tweets that I wear a wig realize to yourself that you are dealing with "them" - just another sad &amp; lonely hater and loser!
Busy doing phoners this week with Neil Cavuto Wolf Blitzer Fox & Friends and Larry Kudlow....check out  
Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. Now all he can do is be a spoiler never a nice thing to do. I will beat Hillary!
True! 
A Fake Story by Politico. Made up sources. Thank you Mount Vernon! 
Spitzer never made 10 cents on his own-he worked for his very rich father (a friend of mine who never thought much of Eliot as a businessman
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
“Patriotism is supporting your country all the time and your government when it deserves it.” - Mark Twain
I hear @JoeNBC of rapidly fading @Morning_Joe is pushing hard for a third party candidate to run. This will guarantee a Crooked Hillary win.
Happy Birthday @USNavy! 
Almost 500000 Manufacturing Jobs created since I won the Election. Remember when my opponents were saying that we couldn’t create this type of job anymore. Wrong in fact these are among our best and most important jobs!
THANK YOU @TPUSA! #MAGA 
Hurricane is good luck for Obama again- he will buy the election by handing out billions of dollars.
#ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
We are gathered today to hear directly from the AMERICAN VICTIMS of ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION. These are the American Citizens permanently separated from their loved ones b/c they were killed by criminal illegal aliens. These are the families the media ignores...
President Xi and I will always be friends no matter what happens with our dispute on trade. China will take down its Trade Barriers because it is the right thing to do. Taxes will become Reciprocal &amp; a deal will be made on Intellectual Property. Great future for both countries!
At the request of @SenThomTillis I have declared a major disaster for the Great State of North Carolina to help with damages from Hurricane Dorian. Assistance now unlocked to recover stronger than ever! Thom loves N.C. and so do I!
My sons Don and Eric are in Ireland looking at my new club. It will be phenomenal!  @LodgeatDoonbeg
The WALL is well under construction. So far we’re up to 129 miles and by early next year we will have 500 miles completed! 
Americans Elect on track to put an Indy Presidential candidate on the ballot in all 50 states.
Terrible. Wind farms are provided permits by the US government which causes the "programmatic" killing of bald eagles.
“The Democrats haven’t come up with a smocking gun. Nancy Pelosi by raising this to the level of Impeachment has raised the bar impossibly high. This comes after three years of nonstop investigations of Trump the Russian collusion narrative the Mueller Report &amp; now the.....
ISIS is operating a training camp 8 miles outside our Southern border  We need a wall. Deduct costs from Mexico!
“I don’t see the point of being politically correct if that means actually being incorrect.” – Donald J. Trump 'Midas Touch'
Tremendous amounts of money pouring into the United States. People want safety!
Entrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
.@IanJamesPoulter Great going and almost as importantly your clothing line is selling well!
However beautiful the strategy you should occasionally look at the results.  -- Winston Churchill
Lyin' Ted and Kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate. Their donors &amp; special interest groups are not happy with them. Sad!
S&amp;P 500 HITS ALL-TIME HIGH  Congratulations USA!
My interview on @gretawire discussing the economy and @TheHermanCain "Witch Hunt" 
Crazy Nancy wants to dictate terms on the Impeachment Hoax to the Republican Majority Senate but striped away all Due Process no lawyers or witnesses on the Democrat Majority House. The Dems just wish it would all end. Their case is dead their poll numbers are horrendous!
The real trade war began 30 years ago and we lost. This is a bright new Age the Age of Enlightenment. We don’t lose anymore! 
Big day in Texas tomorrow! Having a rally in Fort Worth. Tremendous crowd. Will be exciting! #Trump2016 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The average family has spent $4155 this year filling up the car on $3.50/gallon average. Both record highs. (cont) 
Oil is rising back over $100 barrel. OPEC loves to rip us off. Why shouldn't they--they always get away with it.
Next year @TomBrokaw should be the comedian at the White House Correspondents’ dinner. The only problem is that... 
Same failing @nytimes "reporter" who wrote discredited women's story last week wrote another terrible story on me today- will never learn!
Mexico is paying for the Wall through the new USMCA Trade Deal. Much of the Wall has already been fully renovated or built. We have done a lot of work. $5.6 Billion Dollars that House has approved is very little in comparison to the benefits of National Security. Quick payback!
Thank you to Sue Kruczek who lost her wonderful and talented son Nick to the Opioid scourge for your kind words while on @foxandfriends. We are fighting this terrible epidemic hard - Nick will not have died in vain!
When the Military rips down an old &amp; badly broken Border Wall in an important location &amp; replaces it with a brand new 30 ft. high Steel &amp; Concrete Wall Nancy Pelosi says we are not building a Wall. Wrong and it is going up fast. Brandon Judd just gave us great marks! @FoxNews
Congress should come back to D.C. now and FIX THE IMMIGRATION LAWS!
I’m with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
....was a depleted disaster will soon be stronger than ever before our Vets are finally being taken care of and now have Choice our Courts will have 145 great new Judges and 2 Supreme Court Justices got rid of the disastrous Individual Mandate &amp; will protect Pre-Existing....
Now there is talk of A-Rod being shipped to @Marlins. If A-Rod is not a @yankee next year the fans will be happy.
The FBI local and state law enforcement are working together in El Paso and in Dayton Ohio. Information is rapidly being accumulated in Dayton. Much has already be learned in El Paso. Law enforcement was very rapid in both instances. Updates will be given throughout the day!
....should never have been appointed and there should be no Mueller Report. This was an illegal &amp; conflicted investigation in search of a crime. Russian Collusion was nothing more than an excuse by the Democrats for losing an Election that they thought they were going to win.....
Weekly jobless claims are up once again. The economy cannot recover with Obama in office.
Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Work on what you will be proud to be associated with.
Just out wonderful poll in North Carolina. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Isn’t it ironic that a lot of the wealthy environmentalists use private jets and fight wind farms being placed near their property?
The failing @nytimes was forced to apologize to its subscribers for the poor reporting it did on my election win. Now they are worse!
Thank you @Morning_Joe for explaining to @CNN and @andersoncooper and so many others that I am leading in almost all national &amp; state polls.
....I have directed the Secretary of the Navy Richard Spencer and Chief of Naval Operations John Richardson to immediately withdraw and rescind the awards. I am very happy for Eddie Gallagher and his family!
Join us tomorrow in Kiawah South Carolina! #SCPrimary #VoteTrumpSC#Trump2016 
Via @worldnetdaily by @jerome_corsi: “Donald Trump: Obama’s Jobless Figures ‘Phony.’ Economists agree.”  
Obama and all others have been so weak and so politically correct that terror groups are forming and getting stronger! Shame.
Congratulations to @SixteenChicago @TrumpChicago for being honored with a @MichelinGuideChi two-star rating again this year!
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing the 57th St. crane damage from the storm and extending my $5M offer to Obama 
.@MittRomney did a great job last night. Watch the clip! 
Via @BreitbartNews by @LarryOConnor: "TRUMP: NY MAG AILES STORY 'TOTAL BULLS**T'"   It was total bullshit!
“Our Constitution was made only for a moral &amp; religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.”-- John Adams
It does matter! 
At some point and for the good of the country I predict we will start working with the Democrats in a Bipartisan fashion. Infrastructure would be a perfect place to start. After having foolishly spent $7 trillion in the Middle East it is time to start rebuilding our country!
“There is no crime here. I just think this whole thing should be rejected out of hand. I wouldn’t waste a minute of taxpayer dollars or time on this. Entertaining this Impeachment is a joke.” Laura Ingraham @IngrahamAngle @FoxNews
Great Republican Geary Higgins has my complete and total Endorsement for Virginia Senate 13th District. He is strong on Crime the Border our Military Cutting Taxes and protecting your 2nd Amendment. Dem John Bell will take your guns &amp; raise your taxes. Vote for Geary Higgins
Thank you Wilmington North Carolina!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
The delegates at the @DNC convention keep shouting "Four More Years." Four more years of 18% real unemployment and another $6T in debt?
Nancy Pelosi just got duped in an interview to admitting that she has been working on impeaching me for “two and a half years.” In other words she lied. This was the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats plan all along long before the Ukraine phone call. Impeachment Hoax!
#CrookedHillary “was at center of negotiating $12M commitment from King Mohammed VI of Morocco” to Clinton Fdn. 
Just arrived in Vietnam. Thank you to all of the people for the great reception in Hanoi. Tremendous crowds and so much love!
Target CEO raves about the Economy. “This is the best consumer environment I’ve seen in my career.” A big statement from a top executive. But virtually everybody is saying this &amp; when our Trade Deals are made &amp; cost cutting done you haven’t seen anything yet!  @DRUDGE_REPORT
CNN: "New GOP polls show Trump's favorability is up" 
My @foxandfriends interview from yesterday 
Congratulations to Connecticut’s Erin Brady on being crowned the 2013 @MissUSA! America will be well-represented in @MissUniverse!
A wonderful evening in South Carolina - big crowd amazing energy!
The unemployment numbers released later this week will show no job growth.  We must start making our own products again. #TimeToGetTough.
Thank you Kansas - I love you! 
Just finished a very good &amp; cordial meeting at the White House with Jay Powell of the Federal Reserve. Everything was discussed including interest rates negative interest low inflation easing Dollar strength &amp; its effect on manufacturing trade with China E.U. &amp; others etc.
Environmental regulations stop Border Patrol from protecting 40% of the border  A coup for the migrant Democrats.
For political purposes only Obama is planning to hit Libya for the Benghazi embassy attack right before the election?
“The President has absolutely demonstrated no wrongdoing whatsoever &amp; that the Special Counsel has no evidence of any wrongdoing. In other words it’s time to end this Witch Hunt.” @LouDobbs   Russian “collusion” was just an excuse by the Democrats for having lost the Election!
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain
Est. in 1906 @TrumpTurnberry is home to the iconic Ailsa @The_Open Championship course four times over 
A great article by @NolteNCspelling out the truth on Mexico trade the border &amp; illegals. Thank you @BreitbartNews 
I’m in the White House waiting. The Democrats are everywhere but Washington as people await their pay. They are having fun and not even talking!
Notice that illegal immigrants will be given ObamaCare and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our VETERANS #DemDebate
Isn't it ridiculous starting today new Ebola screenings go into effect for people coming from West Africa. Just stop the flights dummies!
Thank you @DonaldJTrumpJr! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
Is that all there is? We need a new President - FAST!
Mr. President tell Iran to immediately free the CHRISTIAN PASTOR as a sign of good faith &amp; if they refuse break off talks--big sanctions
...owed to Wall Street and the banks which sadly must be dealt with. Food water and medical are top priorities - and doing well. #FEMA
Hard to believe but if Nancy Pelosi had put our great Trade Deal with Mexico and Canada USMCA up for a vote long ago our economy would be even better. If she doesn’t move quickly it will collapse!
The new hot term that they have recently invented is POLAR VORTEX - give me a break!
Horrible and cowardly terrorist attack on innocent and defenseless worshipers in Egypt. The world cannot tolerate terrorism we must defeat them militarily and discredit the extremist ideology that forms the basis of their existence!
“It's a tough game and you never want to take that aspect out of the game.” – @NYRangers Stanley Cup Champion Mark Messier
#HappyIndependenceDay #July4 #USA🇺🇸 
Obama is going to take away over 90M Americans’ healthcare plans but he is letting Iran keep its nukes. Just think about that.
The Trump Signature Collection exclusively available @Macys offers high end fashion for men. Dress your best. 
Music cues audience participation sounds like a very active Team Power. #CelebApprentice
Get ready for two amazing episodes of Celebrity Apprentice tomorrow night (Monday) at 8:00. Some incredible things happen!
I'm with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
....interview including the Vice President of the United States!
“He who knows when he can fight and when he cannot will be victorious.” -- Sun Tzu
.@USTradeRep just announced an agreement in principle with South Korea on KORUS! A great deal for American and Korean workers. Let’s now focus on our important security relationship.
Thank you for your support! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #
This despite the Fake News and Polls! 
Tiger is playing great. Looks like a big win could happen. Very exciting! @TigerWoods
During my trip to Saudi Arabia I spoke to the leaders of more than 50 Arab &amp; Muslim nations about the need to confront our shared enemies.. 
People the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want but I am calling it what we need and what it is a TRAVEL BAN!
Entrepreneurs: Keep an open mind! Business is a creative endeavor. There are always opportunities and possibilities.
George Will is a political moron. Last month he said Romney couldn't win.
If @Barack Obama is really concerned about carbon emissions and air pollution then maybe he should have (cont)  21:29:06,82,13,false,174244689988423680TwitLonger Beta,The fact is you're not going to see real growth or create real jobs until we get these exorbitant energy costs (cont) 
The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We....
Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work energy and money and nothing to show for it! Waste of time.
“Collusion with Russia was very real. Hillary Clinton and her team 100% colluded with the Russians and so did Adam Schiff who is on tape trying to collude with what he thought was Russians to obtain compromising material on DJT. We also know that Hillary Clinton paid through....
Thank you Georgia!#SuperTuesday #Trump2016
Who are our generals that are allowing this fiasco to happen right before our eyes. Call it the "PLENTY OF NOTICE WAR"
Stock Market up almost 40% since the Election with 7 Trillion Dollars of U.S. value built throughout the economy. Lowest unemployment rate in many decades with Black &amp; Hispanic unemployment lowest in History and Female unemployment lowest in 21 years. Highest confidence ever!
.@oreillyfactor called me a "master marketeer" last night--I am not. I am a great builder--I build great things &amp; people come.
A @senatormcdaniel win is a victory for our country. Chris is a Constitutional Conservative who'll make a difference in Washington.

#TimeToGetTough: Making America #1 Again--my new book--available today.   The book both China and OPEC do NOT want you to read.
Change is not a destination just as hope is not a strategy. -- Rudy Giuliani
On #NationalDoctorsDay we recognize the remarkable men &amp; women who treat their fellow Americans find cures for the diseases &amp; illnesses we face and never waver in their efforts to treat every patient with the dignity respect and empathy they deserve. 
THANK YOU America! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Iran just test-fired a Ballistic Missile capable of reaching Israel.They are also working with North Korea.Not much of an agreement we have!
I have never seen a thin person drinking  Diet Coke.
....to see. Importantly Ambassador Sondland’s tweet which few report stated “I believe you are incorrect about President Trump’s intentions. The President has been crystal clear: no quid pro quo’s of any kind.” That says it ALL!
Happy Easter! I have never been happier or more content because your Country is doing so well with an Economy that is the talk of the World and may be stronger than it has ever been before. Have a great day!
Thank you @RepDougCollins! 
My interview yesterday from Newsmax - "Obama Is  'Now Totally Lost'  Boehner Must Not Fold"  
Hypocrite: @HillaryClinton is the single biggest beneficiary of Citizens United in history by far. #debate #bigleaguetruth
Woody Johnson's comments that he would rather have @MittRomney win the election than his @nyjets win games shows real patriotism.
'Americans overwhelmingly oppose sanctuary cities' 
Hearing word that Russia Syria and to a lesser extent Iran are bombing the hell out of Idlib Province in Syria and indiscriminately killing many innocent civilians. The World is watching this butchery. What is the purpose what will it get you? STOP!
I should release the sad and totally apologetic letter that Penn @pennjillette hand delivered to me. Minds would be changed very fast!
From day one I said that I was going to build a great wall on the SOUTHERN BORDER and much more. Stop illegal immigration. Watch Wednesday!
Great progress has been made by NATO over the last three years. Countries other than the U.S. have agreed to pay 130 Billion Dollars more per year and by 2024 that number will be 400 Billion Dollars. NATO will be richer and stronger than ever before....
....Iran will be held fully responsible for lives lost or damage incurred at any of our facilities. They will pay a very BIG PRICE! This is not a Warning it is a Threat. Happy New Year!
.....remain in the FBI while he himself was being investigated. This is a real issue. It won’t go into a Mueller Report because Mueller is going to protect these guys. Mueller has an interest in creating the illusion of objectivity around his investigation.” ALAN DERSHOWITZ....
Just landed in West Virginia. Big crowd looking forward to seeing everyone soon! #MAGA
Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities &amp; possibilities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them
ICYMI- This week we hosted a #MadeInAmerica event right here at the @WhiteHouse! If it is MADE IN AMERICA it is the BEST! USA🇺🇸 
These politicians like Cruz and Graham who have watched ISIS and many other problems develop for years do nothing to make things better!
Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. Instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged election

Crazy Bernie Sanders recently equated the City of Baltimore to a THIRD WORLD COUNTRY! Based on that statement I assume that Bernie must now be labeled a Racist just as a Republican would if he used that term and standard! The fact is Baltimore can be brought back maybe......
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
The rescue icebreaker trying to free the ship of the GLOBAL WARMING scientists has turned back-the ice is  massive (a record). IRONIC!
Adam Schiff has zero credibility. Another fantasy to hurt the Republican Party!
I like New York Fed President John Williams first statement much better than his second. His first statement is 100% correct in that the Fed “raised” far too fast &amp; too early. Also must stop with the crazy quantitative tightening. We are in a World competition &amp; winning big...
Congratulations to @foxandfriends on being named BY FAR the Number One Rated cable news show. CNN and MSNBC have totally tanked their ratings are terrible. They have zero credibility!
The @AmSpec article "Shakedown Schneiderman" about NY State lightweight @AGSchneiderman is amazing.  
Do you believe this singing? #Oscars
On my way to Iowa - just heard nearly 1000 agriculture groups signed a letter urging Congress to approve the USMCA. Our Patriot Farmers &amp; rural America have spoken! Now Congress must do its job &amp; support these great men and women by passing the bipartisan USMCA Trade Agreement!
“Experience knowledge &amp; prescience are a formidable combination of powers. Do not underestimate any of them.”  Think Like a Champion
....Detention facilities are not Concentration Camps! America has never been stronger than it is now – rebuilt Military highest Stock Market EVER lowest unemployment and more people working than ever before. Keep America Great!
The meeting with Republican Senators yesterday outside of Flake and Corker was a love fest with standing ovations and great ideas for USA!
..my endorsement). He also wanted to be Secretary of State I said "NO THANKS." He is also largely responsible for the horrendous Iran Deal!
I am going to Trump National Doral in Miami this week to check out the $250 million renovation. In construction always watch the money!
#AskTrump @TwitterNYC 
Watch @CNN at 9:00 A.M. @jaketapper. Then interviewed on @ABC @GStephanopoulos at 10:00 A.M. and then at 10:30 A.M. watch Face The Nation.
....33000 Emails that Hillary and her lawyer deleted and acid washed AFTER GETTING A SUBPOENA FROM CONGRESS? That is real Obstruction that the Dems want no part of because their hearings are RIGGED and a disgrace to our Country!
Our @TrumpNewYork is really starting the summer on the right foot with their #wellness program as seen in @TandCmag: 

....Likewise do not want the Kurds to provoke Turkey. Russia Iran and Syria have been the biggest beneficiaries of the long term U.S. policy of destroying ISIS in Syria - natural enemies. We also benefit but it is now time to bring our troops back home. Stop the ENDLESS WARS!
“Prosperity is returning. Donald Trump is doing exactly what he said he would do as a candidate now as the most effective president the most successful president in modern American history.” Thank you to the great Lou Dobbs!
Be prepared there is a small chance that our horrendous leadership could unknowingly lead us into World War III.
It was an honor to welcome President Al Sisi of Egypt to the @WhiteHouse as we renew the historic partnership betwe… 
Why does @ThisWeekABC w/ @GStephanopoulos allow a hater &amp; racist like @tavissmiley to waste good airtime? @ABC can do much better than him!
Get the big picture but be prepared for the picture to change. Be persistent and alert every single day.
Wealth comes from big goals and sustained action toward those goals every day. - Think Big
Resolve never to quit never to give up no matter what the situation.-- @jacknicklaus
We are getting ready to protect Saudi Arabia against Iran &amp; others-sending ships.  How much are they going to pay us toward this protection.
USA should take oil from Iraq in repayment for their liberation.  
Just been informed by @nbc--they want to extend the run of the @ApprenticeNBC by two shows because it is doing so well. Two hours live.
House Democrats want to take action against Israel because it is fighting back against two (maybe four) people that have said unthinkably bad things about it &amp; the Israeli people. Dems have such disdain for Israel! What happened? AOC Plus 4 is the new face of the Democrat Party!
The fact that Sneaky Dianne Feinstein who has on numerous occasions stated that collusion between Trump/Russia has not been found would release testimony in such an underhanded and possibly illegal way totally without authorization is a disgrace. Must have tough Primary!
Justice Roberts did the Republican Party and @MittRomney a great favor. He essentially said ObamaCare is a tax (cont) 
As I predicted 16 states led mostly by Open Border Democrats and the Radical Left have filed a lawsuit in of course the 9th Circuit! California the state that has wasted billions of dollars on their out of control Fast Train with no hope of completion seems in charge!
“He (Jerry Nadler) wants a show. He wants to use Mr. McGahn as a prop to spend three hours claiming that Mr. Trump tried to obstruct the Mueller investigation. YET MR. MUELLER WASN’T OBSTRUCTED IN ANY WAY HIS COPIOUS REPORT WAS RELEASED FOR ALL TO SEE &amp; THERE WAS NO COLLUSION..
Good news: Toyota and Mazda announce giant new Huntsville Alabama plant which will produce over 300000 cars and SUV’s a year and employ 4000 people. Companies are coming back to the U.S. in a very big way. Congratulations Alabama!
Our Native American Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren couldn’t care less about the American worker…does nothing to help!
We are experiencing the coldest weather in more than two decades-most people never remember anything like this. GLOBAL WARMING anyone?
Hypocrites! @JamesOKeefeIII’s new video shows Journal News reporters refusing to designate their homes as ‘gun free’ 
“The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.” – General Douglas MacArthur""
Saudi Arabia should fight their own wars which they won't or pay us an absolute fortune to protect them and their great wealth-$ trillion!
....should be shut down. The Strzok firing shows that the fundamental underpinnings of the investigation were corrupt. It should be shut down by the courts or by honest prosecutors.” Thank you Judicial Watch I couldn’t have said it better myself!
Democrats are now the party of high taxes high crime open borders late-term abortion socialism and blatant corruption. The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker the American Family and the American Dream! #KAG2020 
Donald Trump’s birther event is the greatest trick he’s ever 
You get what you vote for.  21% of small business owners planning to cut their workforce in 2013 
This is dangerous: @BarackObama is seeking to shrink Israeli military funding but gives $1.3Billion to Muslim (cont) 
Will be on @foxandfriends now.
What a shame that @msnbc’s ratings have sunk even lower in 2013. Prime time down 50%. @TheRevAl's are (cont) 
....Now the new big story is that Trump made a lot of money and buys everything for cash he doesn’t need banks. But where did he get all of that cash? Could it be Russia? No I built a great business and don’t need banks but if I did they would be there...and DeutscheBank......
More thoughts on the debt ceiling in today's #trumpvlog... 
.@WSJ Editorial says "Clinton primary vote total is 8646551.Trump's is 7533692"-a knock. But she had only 3 opponents-I had 16.Apologize
Great Gravis Poll on the great state of NH. Also watch @FaceTheNation on CBS &amp; @HowardKurtz #mediabuzz -- both on Sunday.
The full video of my @LibertyU speech   Liberty's largest ever Convocation crowd.
'Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton by 19 points among military veteran voters: poll' #AmericaFirst #
Thank you South Carolina! Together WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #VoteTrumpSC 
“There is no Collusion. All of these investigations are in search of a crime. Democrats have no evidence to impeach President Trump. Ridiculous!” @DevinNunes @FoxNews
Wow! Big pushback on Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York for his really dumb statement about America’s lack of greatness. I have already MADE America Great Again just look at the markets jobs military- setting records and we will do even better. Andrew “choked” badly mistake!
We have put a great team together for our talks with North Korea. Meetings are currently taking place concerning Summit and more. Kim Young Chol the Vice Chairman of North Korea heading now to New York. Solid response to my letter thank you!
I informed John Bolton last night that his services are no longer needed at the White House. I disagreed strongly with many of his suggestions as did others in the Administration and therefore....
No matter what happens today in the Senate Republican House Members should be very proud of themselves. They flew back to Washington from all parts of the World in order to vote for Border Security and the Wall. Not one Democrat voted yes and we won big. I am very proud of you!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING to everyone--I love you all even my many enemies (sometimes!).
In the end you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish!
Poll numbers are starting to look very good. Leading in Florida @CNN Arizona and big jump in Utah. All numbers rising national way up. Wow!
The Failing New York Times! 
John James running as a Republican for the Senate from Michigan is a spectacular young star of the future. We should make him a star of the present. A distinguished West Point Grad and Vet people should Vote Out Schumer Puppet Debbie Stabenow who does nothing for Michigan!
In interview I told @AP that my taxes are under routine audit and I would release my tax returns when audit is complete not after election!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Jon Kyl will be an extraordinary Senator representing an extraordinary state Arizona. I look forward to working with him!
Wow despite the switch to Monday night @ApprenticeNBC ratings were higher than even the Sunday night show.
The #CelebApprentice post @OMAROSA. Will it ever be the same?
We will never forget the 241 American service members killed by Hizballah in Beirut. They died in service to our nation. 
LOUISIANA! Early voting is underway until Saturday it’s time to get out and VOTE to REPLACE Radical Liberal Democrat John Bel Edwards with a great new REPUBLICAN Governor @EddieRispone! #GeauxVotePOLL FINDER:  
Get Snowden back from Russia—he has done tremendous damage to the US &amp; should pay a very heavy price.
“Here’s something about Donald Trump he’s got a top rated show on TV and everything he says becomes a headline.”-@DLoesch  All true!
Governor Jerry Brown announced he will deploy “up to 400 National Guard Troops” to do nothing. The crime rate in California is high enough and the Federal Government will not be paying for Governor Brown’s charade. We need border security and action not words!
Obama still will keep all military recruitment centers &amp; bases Gun Free Zones! It has to stop. MILITARY LIVES MATTER!
Rex Tillerson never threatened to resign. This is Fake News put out by @NBCNews. Low news and reporting standards. No verification from me.
Join me tomorrow in Dubuque Iowa! #IACaucus #Trump2016 
It's amazing that some of the dumbest people on television work for the Wall Street Journal in particular a real dope named Charles Lane!
US Army Reserve @leezeldin will bring Conservative solutions to DC. Next Tuesday vote for Lee in the NY-1 primary. #zeldinforcongress
.@Rosie get better fast. I'm starting to miss you!
#TrumpAdvice 
A woman who got fired after two days of working with Scott Walker - a wacko - now trying to raise funds to fight me.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime supports open borders and wants massive tax hikes. A formula for disaster!
Cryin' Chuck Schumer stated recently "I do not have confidence in him (James Comey) any longer." Then acts so indignant.  #draintheswamp
I will rebuild the military take care of vets and make the world respect the US again! Join me today. Info: 
Spoke to a capacity crowd at Horry County Republican event earlier today. 
Heading to South Carolina really big crowd! Will be back in New Hampshire tomorrow.#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@thehill  Your story about me &amp; the carbon tax is absolutely incorrect—it is just the opposite. I will not support or endorse a carbon tax!
#ObamacareFail #HillarycareFail 
“@marklevinshow: ‘PLUNDER AND DECEIT’”   via @AmSpec by @JeffJlpa1
Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U.S. I can use all the help I can get!
Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack. -- Sun Tzu
Terrific new book out by the wonderful Harris Faulkner “9 Rules of Engagement.” Harris shares lessons from a military family. Enjoy!
North Korea has shown great disrespect for their neighbor China by shooting off yet another ballistic missile...but China is trying hard!
For too long we've been pushed around used by other countries and ill-served by politicians in Washington who (cont)  20:05:18,66,10,false,157916147122053120TwitLonger Beta,The American work ethic is what led generations of Americans to create our once prosperous nation." (cont) 
Nice article on Trump Links at Ferry Point in today's New York Post - the construction is going really well!
Captain Khan killed 12 years ago was a hero but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the weakness of our "leaders" to eradicate it!
For accurate reporting of my @CPACnews speech read @PoliticalTicker @Newsmax_Media @politico @HuffPostPol....
Our Economy is setting records on virtually every front - Probably the best our country has ever done. Tremendous value created since the Election. The World is respecting us again! Companies are moving back to the U.S.A.
China's economy is now projected to overtake the US as the world's largest economy by 2027    #TimeToGetTough
Leaving for New Hampshire now. Making a speech—packed house.  Love it!
150 Clinton E-mails still contain classified information. More sensitive when she was Sec.of State. This is a very big deal.
“8X more new manufacturing jobs now than with Obama.” @FoxNews  @cvpayne
.@SenCoryGardner has done a fantastic job representing the people of Colorado. He really knows how to win. Strong on Crime Borders &amp; the 2nd A Cory fights hard for our Military &amp; Vets. John Hickenlooper is badly damaged after his horrible run for President. Big Primary trouble!
Fort Hood shooting should be declared a terror attack. Respect the wounded and dead.
Via @ConservReview by @JeffJlpa1: "Why Donald Trump is Right" 
Not only did I see it @Doks_Art I think it is fantastic. You are a wonderful artist never give up your dream! 
More waste fraud and abuse - over $460M in food stamps went to ineligible households   Where's the accountability?
Legendary basketball coach Bobby Knight who has 900+ wins many championships and a gold medal will be introducing… 
....Mr. Whitaker is very highly thought of by @SenJoniErnst Senator @ChuckGrassley Ambassador @TerryBranstad Leonard Leo of Federalist Society and many more. I feel certain he will make an outstanding Acting Attorney General!
Be sure to get a copy of @williebosshog's new book American Hunter.
But while Dallas dropped to its knees as a team they all stood up for our National Anthem. Big progress being made-we all love our country!
It is my great honor to support our Veterans with you! You can join me now. Thank you! #
America's primary goal with Iran must be to destroy its nuclear ambitions. Let me put this as plainly as I know (cont)  20:58:28,47,7,false,169525938369998848TwitLonger Beta,We need a dealmaker in the White House who knows how to think innovatively and make smart (cont) 
The Wall is the Wall it has never changed or evolved from the first day I conceived of it. Parts will be of necessity see through and it was never intended to be built in areas where there is natural protection such as mountains wastelands or tough rivers or water.....
Our great Patriot Farmers will be one of the biggest beneficiaries of what is happening now. Hopefully China will do us the honor of continuing to buy our great farm product the best but if not your Country will be making up the difference based on a very high China buy......
Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems &amp; Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered
If Obama was smart he would cancel the Muslim Brotherhood's WH visit later this month. He won't.
With championship links @TrumpScotland’s world-class amenities also include dining &amp; luxury accommodations  
Great POLL numbers are coming out all over. People don't want another four years of Obama and Crooked Hillary would be even worse. #MAGA
#BuyAmericanHireAmerican🇺🇸Watch➡️ 
Tomorrow the House will vote on a strong Farm Bill which includes work requirements. We must support our Nation’s great farmers!

Florida has been very good to me. I am really esxcited to give back at the Sarasota GOP event and @RNC convention. Will be fun!
Order a signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 7:30 pm   
Our many loyal viewers should expect a major announcement very soon on next season's @CelebApprentice. Our fans will be pleased.
Rosechem1 One of the reasons that I like you is because I feel that old American greatness in your mentality. It makes me feel hope! Thx.
#ICYMI: "Will Media Apologize to Trump?" 
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Entrepreneurs: Vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
Wow Lyin' Ted Cruz really went wacko today. Made all sorts of crazy charges. Can't function under pressure - not very presidential. Sad!
Cadillac has made amazing strides in the beauty and quality of their cars. Great management team--congratulations! @Cadillac
“Now that the Dems are going to try &amp; switch from Collusion to some other reason it makes them continue to look like sore losers who didn’t accept the WILL OF THE PEOPLE in the last election - they will do anything to get rid of the President.” @AriFleischer It will never work!
Great news about the work we are doing on illegal immigration! 
Congratulations to Governor Henry McMaster on your BIG election win! South Carolina loves you. We are all proud of you and Peggy! @henrymcmaster
Lightweight shakedown artist AG Eric Schneiderman was exposed in today’s New York Post editorial  
Incredible progress at @trumptowerpde – Punta del  Este Uruguay -- the views are going to be fantastic!  
...for safety. Thank you to the Governor of P.R. and to all of those who are working so closely with our First Responders. Fantastic job!
Thank you Las Vegas Nevada!#Trump2016 #AmericaFirst  
It's almost like the United States has no President - we are a rudderless ship heading for a major disaster. Good luck everyone!
Kasich has already spent $6 million on ads in New Hampshire and his numbers have gone down. People from NH are smart!
Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life. - Golda Meir
Admitted:@BarackObama's Treasury Secretary admitted that their 2013 budget does nothing to address America's (cont) 
“If it weren’t for Donald Trump we would never know how corrupt these Democrats are we would never know for sure that there was a Deep State. Now we know it.” @JudgeJeanine

Americans nationwide have their premiums double and work hours decreased. @GOP must do the right thing stand strong &amp; defund!
After years of rebuilding OTHER nations we are finally rebuilding OUR nation - and we are restoring our confidence and our pride! #CPAC2018 
مردم نجیب ایران، که آمریکا را دوست می دارند، سزاوار دولتی هستند که بیش از تمرکز بر کشتن آنها به جرم احترام خواهی، به آنها کمک کند تا به رؤیاهایشان دست یابند. رهبران ایران به جای آن که ایران را به سمت ویرانی بکشانند، باید هراس افکنی را کنار بنهند و ایران را دوباره باعظمت کنند! 
Mini Mike Bloomberg’s consultants and so-called “advisors”(how did that advice work out? Don’t ask!) are on the “gravy train” and all making a fortune for themselves pushing Mini hard when they knew he never had what it takes. Don’t pay them anymore Mike they led you down....
“Everyone wants to know who needs to be accountable because it took up two years of our lives talking about this Russian involvement. It proved No Collusion &amp; people want to trace it back to see how this all happened?” @ainsleyearhardt @foxandfriends  TREASONOUS HOAX!
They just arrested pol Shelly Silver in New York. Why aren’t they arresting a far bigger crook --@AGSchneiderman?
Entrepreneurs:  Be curious. Discovery breeds discovery just as success breeds success. Don't sell yourself short.
The $9B that @BarackObama spent in 'Stimulus' for Solar Wind Projects created 910 total jobs costing $9.8M each. 
So let’s get this straight! There was No Collusion and in fact the Phony Dossier was a Con Job that was paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. So the 13 Angry Democrats were investigating an event that never happened and that was in fact a made up Fraud. I just fought back....
Steel is coming back fast! U.S. Steel is adding great capacity also. So are others. 
It was not a campaign contribution and there were no violations of the campaign finance laws by me. Fake News!
Wow I made OFF THE RECORD COMMENTS to Bloomberg concerning Canada and this powerful understanding was BLATANTLY VIOLATED. Oh well just more dishonest reporting. I am used to it. At least Canada knows where I stand!
This is what it is all about for the Republican Party! #JobsNotMobs 
A political commentator for @cnn which I no longer watch said "Trump showed some weakness in the Repub Primaries." I set all-time record!
The hearing of Peter Strzok and the other hating frauds at the FBI &amp; DOJ should be shown to the public on live television not a closed door hearing that nobody will see. We should expose these people for what they are - there should be total transparency!
Remember this: Obama wants to raise taxes @MittRomney wants to lower taxes--need I say more!
The President of the Ukraine just stated again in the strongest of language that President Trump applied no pressure and did absolutely nothing wrong. He used the strongest language possible. That should end this Democrat Scam but it won’t because the Dems &amp; Media are FIXED!
Stop flights into the U.S. from West Africa immediately!
The United States of America supports the brave people of Iran who are protesting for their FREEDOM. We have under the Trump Administration and always will!
.....Congratulations to Troy Balderson on a great win in Ohio. A very special and important race!
Beautiful Welcome Ceremony at the Pentagon this morning for our new Secretary of Defense Mark @EsperDoD! 
The @foxnewPolls always inaccurate are heavily weighted toward Dems. So ridiculous - same thing happened in 2016. They got it all wrong. Get a new pollster!
National Review Online: Kristin Davis's Libertarian 'Tough Love' 
.@BillGates and @JimBrownNFL32 in my Trump Tower office yesterday- two great guys! 
President Xi of China and I are working together to give massive Chinese phone company ZTE a way to get back into business fast. Too many jobs in China lost. Commerce Department has been instructed to get it done!
Congrats to @JimmieJohnson a great guy on winning Daytona!
Republican Tax Cuts are looking very good. All are working hard. In the meantime the Stock Market hit another record high!
Hypocrite--@BarackObama has major investments in companies that are outsourcing jobs overseas 
I try to learn from the past but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's where the fun is!
Just returned home to the beautiful White House from Dallas where the Arena was packed to the rafters with the great fans and supporters of the @NRA. It was so wonderful to be there!
Our great Senator (and Star) from the State of Arkansas @TomCottonAR has just completed a wonderful book “Sacred Duty” about Arlington National Cemetery and the men and women who serve with such love and devotion. On sale today make it big!
I’ll bet if I didn’t harass Apple for the last 2 years about the large screen iPhone they wouldn’t have done it—but it bends &amp; breaks!
Trump to host #Oscars? 
...that Open Borders large scale Crime and abolishing ICE is good for them we must get smart and finally do what must be done for the Safety and Security of our Country!
.@DLoesch played great audio from my @CPACnews press conference on her radio show.  Glad she made it!
When will Republican leadership learn that they are being played like a fiddle by the Democrats on Border Security and Building the Wall? Without Borders we don’t have a country. With Open Borders which the Democrats want we have nothing but crime! Finish the Wall!
.....Despite the fact that the Mueller Report was “composed” by Trump Haters and Angry Democrats who had unlimited funds and human resources the end result was No Collusion No Obstruction. Amazing!
I never thought I'd say it in my lifetime but President Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Sotoro is a far worse president than Jimmy Carter!
I am always on the front page of the failing @nytimes but when I won the GOP nomination I'm in the back of the paper. Very dishonest!
One of @GolfWorldUS’ top public courses @TrumpGolfLA's course stands as a testament to the greatness of golf 
I rarely agree with President Obama- however he is 100% correct about Crooked Hillary Clinton. Great ad!
Via The Political Insider: “Donald Trump Just Received The Best News Possible!”  
The Dow just broke 24000 for the first time (another all-time Record). If the Dems had won the Presidential Election the Market would be down 50% from these levels and Consumer Confidence which is also at an all-time high would be “low and glum!”
I will write a $2 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal! 
Looks like Bernie Sanders is history. Sleepy Joe Biden is pulling ahead and think about it I’m only here because of Sleepy Joe and the man who took him off the 1% trash heap President O! China wants Sleepy Joe BADLY!
Pigs get slaughtered … again.  Ft Lauderdale plaintiffs must pay me close to $400k in legal fees after Trump trial victory.
Congratulations to @DianeSawyer on her big ratings win for the evening news. Diane is a spectacular person.
Cruz came to Mississippi there was nobody there he left the state. I had a rally in Madison MS with 10000! Thank you!
“If the freedom of speech is taken away then dumb and silent we may be led like sheep to the slaughter.” - George Washington
When employees are working at home they can never have the same cohesivness as working together as a group...
#TBT WrestleMania 23 
Thank you New Jersey! #Trump2016 
Via @GolfweekMag by @GolfweekBRomine: “@TigerWoods to design Trump course in Dubai” 
USMCA is a massive win for American manufacturers and auto workers! 
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!   … …
More and more the Radical Left is using Commerce to hurt their “Enemy.” They put out the name of a store brand or company and ask their so-called followers not to do business there. They don’t care who gets hurt but also don’t understand that two can play that game!
A vicious accuser of Justice Kavanaugh has just admitted that she was lying her story was totally made up or FAKE! Can you imagine if he didn’t become a Justice of the Supreme Court because of her disgusting False Statements. What about the others? Where are the Dems on this?
It all comes down to one simple question: How much money can you stand to lose? That’s how much risk you should assume.
“@BrandiGlanville @KenyaMoore Talk @ApprenticeNBC Feud”  via @ChristianPost by Virnelli Mercader
Make America Great Again! 
I cannot believe how bad Jeb Bush looks with his insane answer on Iraq and then his numerous corrections which made him look even worse.
Shock! Obamacare's high risk pool spending DOUBLED government estimates   @BarackObama is bankrupting this country!
The Democrats whose votes we need in the Senate will probably vote against Border Security and the Wall even though they know it is DESPERATELY NEEDED. If the Dems vote no there will be a shutdown that will last for a very long time. People don’t want Open Borders and Crime!
NBC terminates "The Chris Matthews Show" 
Spoke at the Congressional @GOP Retreat in Philadelphia PA. this afternoon w/ @VP @SenMajLeader @SpeakerRyan. Th… 
At least ObamaCare/RomneyCare architect Gruber admitted albeit privately that we were lied to by Obama. Gang of Liars.
Join me in Henderson Nevada on Wednesday at 11:30am! #MAGA Tickets: 
Herman Cain handled the pressure of the debate really well.  @THEHermancain
China just called. They want to lend Obama another $1B for the ObamaCare web site.
Meetings between staffs and representatives are going well and quickly....but in the end that doesn’t matter. We will all know soon whether or not a real deal unlike those of the past can happen!
....The Russian Witch Hunt Hoax started as the “insurance policy” long before I even got elected is very bad for our Country. They are Entrapping people for misstatements lies or unrelated things that took place many years ago. Nothing to do with Collusion. A Democrat Scam!
Denver Minnesota and others are bracing for some of the coldest weather on record. What are the global warming geniuses saying about this?
My thoughts and prayers are with the families of our serviceman who was killed and his fellow servicemen who were wounded in Somolia. They are truly all HEROES.
The shirts and ties at Macy's are so good-beautiful and do so well that guys like the one that sued me wrongly want a piece-l kicked his ass
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes (where are E-mails &amp; DNC server) &amp; Intel leakers!
Much of the bad blood with Russia is caused by the Fake &amp; Corrupt Russia Investigation headed up by the all Democrat loyalists or people that worked for Obama. Mueller is most conflicted of all (except Rosenstein who signed FISA &amp; Comey letter). No Collusion so they go crazy!
Enjoyed my meeting with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson of the United Kingdom at @10DowningStreet last night. Talked about numerous subjects including @NATO and Trade.
Watch Eric at 9 am (EST) today on Fox 5 w/ @rosannascotto and David Price to discuss Eric Trump Foundation's $20 million donation to St Jude
....The Radical Left always seems to have an Open Borders Open Arms policy – so this should make them very happy!
“Always be prepared to start.” - Joe Montana
Larry I am not surprised that Candace was great. I would only be surprised if she wasn’t great! 
Every sports fan is treated to an All Star game. The loyal and growing fan base of @CelebApprentice will be getting a much bigger treat!
On Mike and Mike @espn in two minutes!
No Collusion No Obstruction - there has NEVER been a President who has been more transparent. Millions of pages of documents were given to the Mueller Angry Dems plus I allowed everyone to testify including W.H. counsel. I didn’t have to do this but now they want more.....
....place in TRADE it’s taking shape in Military Competition.” Johnathan Ward author and China expert. We are winning and we will win. They should not have broken the deal we had with them. Happy Birthday China!
.@meetthepress and @chucktodd very dishonest in not showing the new @CNN Poll where I am at 39% 21points higher than Cruz. Be honest Chuck!
Lyin' Ted Cruz who can never beat Hillary Clinton and has NO path to victory has chosen a V.P.candidate who failed badly in her own effort
What?!  LaToya is saying Omarosa is one of the nicest people she's met?
We will repeal and replace the horrible disaster known as #Obamacare! 

I never said that China was in the bad TPP trade deal but that China would come in the back door at a later date. @CNN @FoxBusiness
Looking forward to meeting the students of Urbandale High School tomorrow- 
Word is that Mini Mike Bloomberg performed so poorly in the two debates that he is thinking about dropping out of the Democrat Primary. The fact is he was not true to himself and the public was able to quickly figure him out. Not a good experience for Mini Mike!
Governor @MattBevin has done a wonderful job for the people of Kentucky! He continues to protect your very important Second Amendment. Matt is Strong on Crime and the Border he Loves our Great Vets and Military....
Just read @PiersMorgan’s book “Shooting Straight” and whether you love him or hate him (I’m in the first category) it is terrific.
“All four of Gordon Sondland’s lawyers are Democrat Donors.” @TuckerCarlson  Despite this big win today for Republicans!
“I am so tired of hearing the rationalization of the Left in the country because they hate Donald Trump. Inexplicably and without foundation they choose to hate America. The Democrats have truly become the party of hate.” @LouDobbs
.@BoonePickens  Thank you for the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award—a great honor for me from a fantastic man.
Re Real Estate: You don’t necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal…
The innocent bystanders of American poverty are kids. Yet two-thirds of childhood poverty in America is (cont)  15:50:13,68,10,false,197352231174017025TwitLonger Beta,Our Founding fathers got it. They understood that nothing good in life--religious freedom economic freedom (cont) 
The GOP doesn't waste  an opportunity to waste an opportunity. Defunding Obamacare should be central to any deal.
“Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again this time more intelligently.” - Henry Ford
Just interviewed by @LouDobbs. Will be aired tonight at 7pmE on @FoxBusiness. #Dobbs
“State Department has stepped up Hillary Clinton Email probe.” @foxandfriends  You mean the 33000 Emails that she has deleted and acid washed so they can never be found even though she said that all 33000 pertained only to her daughter’s wedding and her Yoga!
Thank you working hard! 
History lesson: There’s a big difference between Hillary Clinton and Abraham Lincoln. For one his nickname is Hone… 
Part of Obama’s new-found confidence is that the Republicans aren’t using their power of ideas properly or effectively.
“Lanny Davis admits being anonymous source in CNN Report.” @BretBaier  Oh well so much for CNN saying it wasn’t Lanny. No wonder their ratings are so low it’s FAKE NEWS!

Paula Deen made a big mistake in using a forbidden word but must be given some credit fot admitting her mistake. She will be back!
.@HBO should fire @BillMaher and bring back @DennisDMZ- someone that is actually funny.
Thank you- Nashua New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #NHPolitics #FITN  
This will be the biggest TAX CUT in the history of our country - and we need it! #TaxReform Read more:  
LIVE on #Periscope: Tax Plan Press Conference#Trump2016  
Susan Rice the former National Security Advisor to President Obama is refusing to testify before a Senate Subcommittee next week on.....
It is a great victory for NYC that A-Rod will never wear pinstripes again.
Marco Rubio couldn't even respond properly to President Obama's State of the Union Speech without pouring sweat &amp; chugging water. He choked!
Kim Jong Un of North Korea proclaims “unwavering faith in President Trump.” Thank you to Chairman Kim. We will get it done together!
Will be on @Morning_Joe live from New Hampshire - 7:00 A.M. Talking about the debate and more!
I love @LibertyUniversity--such great people!
For those of you defending Bret and saying Omarosa should go remember Bret chose O which could also be considered a big mistake!
Roger Goodell of NFL just put out a statement trying to justify the total disrespect certain players show to our country.Tell them to stand!
I am so proud of my daughter Ivanka. To be abused and treated so badly by the media and to still hold her head so high is truly wonderful!
Why isn’t the FBI giving Andrew McCabe text massages to Judicial Watch or appropriate governmental authorities. FBI said they won’t give up even one (I may have to get involved DO NOT DESTROY). What are they hiding? McCabe wife took big campaign dollars from Hillary people......
“Trump should be happy that the FBI was SPYING on his campaign” No James Clapper I am not happy. Spying on a campaign would be illegal and a scandal to boot!
My Administration will follow two simple rules: 
#AmericaFirst! 
A penny saved is a penny earned. -- Benjamin Franklin
“The speed bump has been missteps by the Federal Reserve.” @cvpayne  @foxandfriends  So true!
Via @lohud  by @hoopsmbd: “Buzz builds for @TrumpFerryPoint”
.@mcuban  Mark okay with me but don't start your bullshit again!
True! 
Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump - Your support has been amazing. I will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
‘Better Be Careful’:Donald Trump Warns GOP On Immigration Creating ’12 Million’ New Dem Voters  via @Mediaite
Not only did Egypt destroy its civil society w/ the Muslim Brotherhood now it is a complete economic mess 

China steals United States Navy research drone in international waters - rips it out of water and takes it to China in unprecedented act.
....your companies HOME and making your products in the USA. I will be responding to China’s Tariffs this afternoon. This is a GREAT opportunity for the United States. Also I am ordering all carriers including Fed Ex Amazon UPS and the Post Office to SEARCH FOR &amp; REFUSE....
Hillary said at debate ISIS is "going to people showing videos in order to recruit more radical jihadistst." She made up story-want apology!
A-Rod’s forgery defense is blown  The more he lies the worse it's going to get. @yankees want out of his contract

THE BEST IS YET TO COME! 
London part of trip is going really well. The Queen and the entire Royal family have been fantastic. The relationship with the United Kingdom is very strong. Tremendous crowds of well wishers and people that love our Country. Haven’t seen any protests yet but I’m sure the....
I opposed going into Iraq. Hillary voted for it. As with everything else she's supported it was a DISASTER. 
Russia Russia Russia! That’s all you heard at the beginning of this Witch Hunt Hoax...And now Russia has disappeared because I had nothing to do with Russia helping me to get elected. It was a crime that didn’t exist. So now the Dems and their partner the Fake News Media.....
I hereby demand and will do so officially tomorrow that the Department of Justice look into whether or not the FBI/DOJ infiltrated or surveilled the Trump Campaign for Political Purposes - and if any such demands or requests were made by people within the Obama Administration!
Latin America’s tallest building @TrumpPanama is the perfect getaway location to celebrate the New Year in luxury 
Ms. Goldberg &amp; her blowhard lawyer should be ashamed for having brought this frivolous case. They should pay me damages!
The Washington Times Presidential Debate Poll:TRUMP 77% (18290)CLINTON 17% (4100)#DrainTheSwamp #Debate 
“Trump just took a giant step towards actual welfare reform” 
....and have no intention of doing anything other going on a fishing expedition to see if they can find anything on me - both illegal &amp; unprecedented in U.S. history. There was no Collusion - Investigate the Investigators! Go to work on Drug Price Reductions &amp; Infrastructure!
Someone must be fired at @AOL for that stupid deal they made buying Huffington Post.
Kim Jong Un of North Korea who is obviously a madman who doesn't mind starving or killing his people will be tested like never before!
Entrepreneurs: Absorb assess and then act. Don't negate your own power. Whatever you've been dealt know you can deal with it.
Tariffs on the “dumping” of Steel in the United States have totally revived our Steel Industry. New and expanded plants are happening all over the U.S. We have not only saved this important industry but created many jobs. Also billions paid to our treasury. A BIG WIN FOR U.S.
FOX debate advertising rates falling like a rock! Tune into my special event for the Veterans at 9pm EST!
Wow just in - ObamaCare projected to cause large scale drop in jobs - even Dems are shocked by 2.5 million number. DISASTER!
Thank you Iowa I love you! 
It is time to take care of OUR people to rebuild OUR NATION and to fight for OUR GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS! #TaxReform #USA🇺🇸 
My visit to Japan and friendship with PM Abe will yield many benefits for our great Country. Massive military &amp; energy orders happening+++!
'God be with you all': Trump pledges full support for El Paso shooting victims as lawmakers also grieve  via @usatoday
My interview this morning on Good Morning America  with George Stephanopoulos  
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. - Albert Einstein
“Trump: ‘Very much inclined’ to enter GOP White House race”  via @McClatchyDC by @LightmanDavid
If @BarackObama had such a wonderful academic record why wouldn't he want to show it?
.@foxandfriends in 5 minutes.
The Fed's actions these past 3 years could bring record high inflation in the near future. That would be (cont) 
#CelebrityApprentice contestant @LouFerrigno stopped by to visit today- 
How does Ben Carson survive this problem – really big. Similar story on front page of New York Times.  
Great new book by the brilliant Andrew McCarthy BALL OF COLLUSION THE PLOT TO RIG AN ELECTION AND DESTROY A PRESIDENCY. Get it and some other great new books which I will soon be recommending. They tell you about the Crooked Pols and the Witch Hunt that has now been exposed!
Congratulations to @TrumpDoral's #BlueMonster course for being named one of the 10 Toughest courses on Tour This Year 
China is raising its defense budget by 11%   @BarackObama wants to cut ours by over $1Trillion. Wrong policy.
Always enjoy appearing on @extratv.  @MarioLopezExtra &amp; @mariamenounos were terrific yesterday.
'U.S. Industrial Production Surged in April' 
Our great African American President hasn't exactly had a positive impact on the thugs who are so happily and openly destroying Baltimore!
Working hard thank you! 
With Jemele Hill at the mike it is no wonder ESPN ratings have "tanked" in fact tanked so badly it is the talk of the industry!
The Democrats only want to increase taxes and obstruct. That's all they are good at!
“Taken for Granted” a wonderful new book by Gianno Caldwell on how Conservatism can win back the Americans that Liberalism failed has my full Endorsement!
Our border is being breached daily by criminals. We must build a wall &amp; deduct costs from Mexican foreign aid! 
While my (our) poll numbers are good with the Economy being the best ever if it weren’t for the Rigged Russian Witch Hunt they would be 25 points higher! Highly conflicted Bob Mueller &amp; the 17 Angry Democrats are using this Phony issue to hurt us in the Midterms. No Collusion!
Hundreds of Bikers for Trump just joined me at Bedminster. Quite a scene - great people who truly love our Country!
I loved being at Liberty University today! Record setting crowd unbelievable people! Thank you Jerry and Becki! 
Just watched former Intelligence Official Phillip Mudd become totally unglued and weird while debating wonderful @PARISDENNARD over Brennan’s Security Clearance. Dennard destroyed him but Mudd is in no mental condition to have such a Clearance. Should be REVOKED? @seanhannity
To all haters and losers: I am NOT anti-vaccine but I am against shooting massive doses into tiny children. Spread shots out over time.
In a letter to me sent by Kim Jong Un he stated very nicely that he would like to meet and start negotiations as soon as the joint U.S./South Korea joint exercise are over. It was a long letter much of it complaining about the ridiculous and expensive exercises. It was.....
People are really unhappy with the endless security checks at the new World Trade Center. Durst is a terrible manager. Tenants furious!
.@CarlyFiorina  Ben Carson said in his own book that he has a pathological temper &amp; pathological disease. I didn’t say it he did. Apology?
.@tedcruz you were terrific on @seanhannity tonight. I am going to the border tomorrow.
Governor Gavin N has done a really bad job on taking care of the homeless population in California. If he can’t fix the problem the Federal Govt. will get involved! 
#TBT Saturday Night Live 
...&amp; overwhelming” but this Scam Impeachment was neither. Also very unfair with no Due Process proper representation or witnesses. Now Pelosi is demanding everything the Republicans weren’t allowed to have in the House. Dems want to run majority Republican Senate. Hypocrites!
The House Democrats were unable to get even a single vote from the Republicans on their Impeachment Hoax. The Republicans have never been so united!  The Dem’s case is so bad that they don’t even want to go to trial!
Thank you New York! I love you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Hope you are enjoying your President’s Day our Country is making unprecedented progress!
Got to know Senator @JohnKerry in Aspen Colorado years ago—a very solid and stand-up guy.
The @timestribune - "@EricTrump: Eyes are on Northeast Pa. with gas development"  
Jim is great! 
I'm protesting the @UnionLeader from having anything to do w/ ABC debate. Their unethical record doesn't give them the right to be involved!
Have you seen the new #TRUMP line of clothing apparel and fragrances @Macy's? Selling like hotcakes. Great for Christmas gifts etc.
Perhaps at no time in history have the business fundamentals of U.S. companies been better than they are today!
Ben Carson has never created a job in his life (well maybe a nurse). I have created tens of thousands of jobs it's what I do.
“Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats haven’t met the standards of impeachment. They have to be very careful here.” Jeanne Zaino. @FoxNews
Michael Cohen was one of many lawyers who represented me (unfortunately). He had other clients also. He was just disbarred by the State Supreme Court for lying &amp; fraud. He did bad things unrelated to Trump. He is lying in order to reduce his prison time. Using Crooked’s lawyer!
Zero is getting done with the Democrats in charge of the House. All they want to do is put the Mueller Report behind them and start all over again. No Do-Overs!
A vote to CUT TAXES is a vote to PUT AMERICA FIRST. It is time to take care of OUR WORKERS to protect OUR COMMUNITIES and to REBUILD OUR GREAT COUNTRY!  
Read an excerpt from Think Like A Champion by Donald J. Trump: 
Sugar: @Lord_Sugar--Keep working hard so I make plenty of $ with your show...
I’m on @ETonlineAlert tonight to talk about what the Yankees should have done about A-Rod long ago 
Can you believe that with all of the made up unsourced stories I get from the Fake News Media together with the  $10000000 Russian Witch Hunt (there is no Collusion) I now have my best Poll Numbers in a year. Much of the Media may be corrupt but the People truly get it!
Disgraced and discredited Bob Mueller and his whole group of Angry Democrat Thugs spent over 30 hours with the White House Councel only with my approval for purposes of transparency. Anybody needing that much time when they know there is no Russian Collusion is just someone....
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to visit with our GREAT U.S. MARINES at the Marine Barracks here in Washington D.C. We love you @USMC @MBWDC!  
Thank you Dan! 
The best way out is always through. - Robert Frost
Was going to do a phoner this morning with @jaketapper on @CNN but they could not get their phone equipment to hook in. Will do next week.
“Someone should call Obama up. The Obama Administration spied on a rival presidential campaign using Federal Agencies. I mean that seems like a headline to me?” @TuckerCarlson  It will all start coming out and the Witch Hunt will end. Presidential Harassment!
Without the horror show that is the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats the Stock Markets and Economy would be even better if that is possible and the Border would be closed to the evil of Drugs Gangs and all other problems! #2020
A nation WITHOUT BORDERS is not a nation at all. We must have a wall. The rule of law matters. Jeb just doesn’t get it.
Our president could not make a proper website with $5B. The website still does not work. How can we feel safe about Ebola?!
The Democrats are making a strong push to abolish ICE one of the smartest toughest and most spirited law enforcement groups of men and women that I have ever seen. I have watched ICE liberate towns from the grasp of MS-13 &amp; clean out the toughest of situations. They are great!
Did you agree with my decision? #CelebApprentice
I endorsed @MittRomney not because I agree with him on every issue but because he will get tough with China.
Join me in Sacramento California-tomorrow evening @ 7pm! # 
Great meeting with active &amp; retired law enforcement officers- at the Fraternal Order of Police lodge in Akron Ohio. 
.@TheEconomist Poll one of the most highly respected was just released. Wow wait until the media digests these numbers - won't be happy!
I love Bluffton SC what a great place -- what great people.
I am going to keep our jobs in the U.S. and totally rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. Crooked Hillary has no clue! @Teamsters
#trumpvlog China is laughing.... 
Sleazebag @BashirLive has just been forced to resign from @msnbc. His pathetic apology wasn’t enough to save his job.  @SarahPalinUSA
With the wonderful College University and other Graduations taking place all over the USA there has never been a better time than now to graduate. Best jobs market ever great housing and financing. Go out there work hard &amp; have a GREAT life. You deserve it. Congratulations!
Thank you to @NYPost's Robert Rorke for the really nice review of #SNL. So many enjoyed it - very gratifying! 
For the truth about job creation in America go to   A great site for employers to get the tools &amp; information they need!
Terrorists are engaged in a war against civilization- it is up to all who value life to confront &amp; defeat this evil➡️
Congratulations @Jean_GeorgesNYC for 10 years of 3 #MichelinStars! Visit the restaurant in @TrumpNewYork for a meal you’ll never forget.
No surprise! 
Highest Stock Market In History By Far!
I will be live tweeting during the debate tonight.
The Veterans Administration is in shambles and our veterans are suffering greatly. John McCain has done nothing to help them but talk.
Had a very good call last night with the President of China concerning the menace of North Korea.
For those of you who are still interested the Democrats have totally forgotten about DACA. Not a lot of interest on this subject from them!
This Sunday’s LIVE FINALE of @ApprenticeNBC will be tough &amp; nasty. Be sure to watch @pennjillette &amp; @TraceAdkins fight to the finish!
This is such a special time to be in New York City.  No better city in the world to celebrate Christmas!
Announced w/ @pgaofamerica that we will bring @seniorpgachamp to @TrumpGolfDC &amp; @pgachampionship to Trump Bedminster
China must continue to be strong &amp; tight on the Border of North Korea until a deal is made. The word is that recently the Border has become much more porous and more has been filtering in. I want this to happen and North Korea to be VERY successful but only after signing!
....This will keep our communities safer and provide hope and a second chance to those who earn it. In addition to everything else billions of dollars will be saved. I look forward to signing this into law!
Absentee Governor Kasich voted for NAFTA and NAFTA devastated Ohio - a disaster from which it never recovered. Kasich is good for Mexico!
A fantastic day in D.C. Met with President Obama for first time. Really good meeting great chemistry. Melania liked Mrs. O a lot!
...now it’s the “greatest pageant on earth”-- broadcast in 190 countries to 1 billion people—“hot!”
Crazy Joe Biden is trying to act like a tough guy. Actually he is weak both mentally and physically and yet he threatens me for the second time with physical assault. He doesn’t know me but he would go down fast and hard crying all the way. Don’t threaten people Joe!
Join me live in Louisiana! Tomorrow we need you to go to the polls &amp; send John Kennedy to the U.S. Senate. 
#NeverForget #September11th 
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign &amp; Obama Administration there was never a special counsel appointed!
Congratulations to our new @DeptVetAffairs Secretary Robert Wilkie! 
“Failed show @DannyZuker” I have never heard of you and was told you are a loser-after reading your credits I have no questions about it!
“Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky told reporters Thursday his controversial July call with President Trump involved no bribe blackmail or quid pro quo as impeachment-minded Democrats claim.” This should immediately end the talk of impeachment! 
I am in New Hampshire. Just received great news from Reuters poll. Thank you for your support! 
One of the tallest office buildings in downtown NYC 40 Wall Street is a classic Art Deco building 
The Fake News has never been more dishonest than it is today. Thank goodness we can fight back on Social Media. Their new weapon of choice is Fake Polling sometimes referred to as Suppression Polls (they suppress the numbers). Had it in 2016 but this is worse.....
The Republican Senators must step up to the plate and after 7 years vote to Repeal and Replace. Next Tax Reform and Infrastructure. WIN!
A strong military makes us respected by our allies &amp; feared by our enemies. Let’s Make America Great Again! 
Thank you to @SaraCarterDC. A great and legitimate reporter as opposed to those at the Failing New York Times! 
Getting ready for some big news with my friends at @pgaofamerica

I have been watching people making phone calls my entire life. My hearing is and has been great. Never have I been watching a person making a call which was not on speakerphone and been able to hear or understand a conversation. I’ve even tried but to no avail. Try it live!
…you can enhance location through promotion and work.
Hillary Clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself!
Does anybody notice that Atlantic City lost its magic after I left years ago. I had the big boxing introduced UFC (ask Dana)the best shows
Iran's attack on Israeli diplomats is an attack on the West
Happy National Ag Day! 
.@BenSasse looks more like a gym rat than a U.S. Senator. How the hell did he ever get elected?  @greta
🇺🇸🇦🇺 
....attend the big parade already scheduled at Andrews Air Force Base on a different date &amp; go to the Paris parade celebrating the end of the War on November 11th. Maybe we will do something next year in D.C. when the cost comes WAY DOWN. Now we can buy some more jet fighters!
.@Merck Pharma is a leader in higher &amp; higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U.S. Bring jobs back &amp; LOWER PRICES!
Great job by the U.S. Coast Guard! 
I love Mexico but not the unfair trade deals that the US so stupidly makes with them. Really bad for US jobs only good for Mexico.
Interview w/ @AndreaTantaros discussing my WH tour offer @KarlRove's terrible ads &amp; Ashley Judd's candidacy 
Join me this Saturday at Ladd–Peebles Stadium in Mobile Alabama! #ThankYouTour2016 Tickets:… 
The Failing New York Times has knowingly written a very inaccurate story on my intentions on Syria. No different from my original statements we will be leaving at a proper pace while at the same time continuing to fight ISIS and doing all else that is prudent and necessary!.....
Have confidence work hard and keep your focus on the small things that matter while keeping the big picture in mind.
Happy 94th birthday to Nelson Mandela!
“Most of the time you will need to work hard and stay focused to get to the top – and then work even harder to stay there.” -Think Big
The Dems are very unhappy with the Mueller Report so after almost 3 years they want a Redo or Do Over. This is extreme Presidential Harassment. They gave Crooked Hillary’s people complete Immunity yet now they bring back Hope Hicks. Why aren’t the Dems looking at the.....
We finally agree on something Rosie. 
Once again the Bush appointed  Supreme Court Justice John Roberts has let us down. Jeb pushed him hard! Remember!
I am in South Korea now. President Moon and I have “toasted” our new Trade Deal a far better one for us than that which it replaced. Today I will visit with and speak to our Troops - and also go to the the DMZ (long planned). My meeting with President Moon went very well!
My @eonline interview discussing @_KatherineWebb's stardom and why @espn's apology was unwarranted 
Very grateful for the 9-O decision from the U. S. Supreme Court. We must keep America SAFE!
We could make America great again by spreading ObamaCare throughout the World while at the same time  dropping it from U.S.!
If the Democrats would stop being obstructionists and come together we could write up and agree to new immigration laws in less than one hour. Look at the needless  pain and suffering that they are causing. Look at the horrors taking place on the Border. Chuck &amp; Nancy call me!
My daughter Ivanka just arrived in South Korea. We cannot have a better or smarter person representing our country.
“Trump administration gives final approval for year-round E15 use” 
Thank you New Hampshire! Together we will Make America Great Again! 
The first meeting Jeff Sessions had with the Russian Amb was set up by the Obama Administration under education program for 100 Ambs......
Read a great interview with Donald Trump that appeared in The New York Times Magazine: 
I'll be in London on Sunday at the ExCel Centre to talk about success. It will be a great time for everyone! 
Learn from yesterday live for today hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning. -- Albert Einstein
Mark Levin on @foxandfriends now! Great guy.
THANK YOU! #MAGA 
....(with many more to come) and 2 Supreme Court Justices - we are getting into record territory! Thank you all and have a great Memorial Day Weekend.
Friday night in Louisiana will be Great. Big crowd expected. Republicans must get out and vote for either of our two incredible candidates (@DocAbraham &amp; @EddieRispone) so we can stop Left Leaning Governor John Bel Edwards from getting over 50%. We will easily win the runoff! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me and "forgot" to mention the many problems of our country in her very average scream!
New York State and its Governor Andrew Cuomo are now proud members of the group of PRESIDENTIAL HARASSERS. No wonder people are fleeing the State in record numbers. The Witch Hunt continues!
When the former Governor of the Great State of South Carolina @MarkSanford was reported missing only to then say he was away hiking on the Appalachian Trail then was found in Argentina with his Flaming Dancer friend it sounded like his political career was over. It was....
“Director Brennan’s recent statements purport to know as fact that the Trump campaign colluded with a foreign power. If Director Brennan’s statement is based on intelligence he received while leading the CIA why didn’t he include it in the Intelligence Community Assessment......
Thrilled to hear that @RakutenTravelJP has awarded @TrumpWaikiki the 'Rakuten Diamond Award' for the 4th consecutive year! Congrats!
Robert Johnson B.E.T. “I give the President a lot of credit for moving the Economy in a positive direction that’s benefiting a large number of Americans. I think the Tax Cuts clearly helped stimulate the Economy. Overall if you look at the U.S. Economy and you look at.....
#DDay75thAnniversary 
Via @WDesMoinesPatch by @DerekJ3031: “@ShawnJohnson on @ApprenticeNBC”
I would bet that we have many great American technology companies that would build and fix the pathetic ObamaCare website for ZERO dollars!
Whether you are African-American Hispanic-American or ANY AMERICAN at all – you have the right to live in a Country that puts YOUR NEEDS FIRST! 
Our economy is better than it has been in many decades. Businesses are coming back to America like never before. Chrysler as an example is leaving Mexico and coming back to the USA. Unemployment is nearing record lows. We are on the right track!
I was NOT going to fire Bob Mueller and did not fire Bob Mueller. In fact he was allowed to finish his Report with unprecedented help from the Trump Administration. Actually lawyer Don McGahn had a much better chance of being fired than Mueller. Never a big fan!
Just landed in the Philippines after a great day of meetings and events in Hanoi Vietnam!
I am at Trump National Doral in Miami as the best golfers in the World start arriving for the World Golf Championship (Cadillac). A big week
MUST READ! My @chicagotribune editorial: "I love Chicago ... and my sign!" 
....Border is eventually going to be militarized and defended or the United States as we have known it is going to cease to exist...And Americans will not go gentle into that good night. Patrick Buchanan.  The great people of our Country demand proper Border Security NOW!
Challenges present opportunities.  Always keep your focus and stay calm.
Great job @IvankaTrump! #
{Crooked Hillary Clinton} created this mess and she knows it. #DrainTheSwamp  
....like he’s the King of Israel. They love him like he is the second coming of God...But American Jews don’t know him or like him. They don’t even know what they’re doing or saying anymore. It makes no sense! But that’s OK if he keeps doing what he’s doing he’s good for.....
I was right—TV ratings for US Open are way down from last year. People don’t want to look at a burned out ugly course!
Melania and I were treated very nicely yesterday in Pittsburgh. The Office of the President was shown great respect on a very sad &amp; solemn day. We were treated so warmly. Small protest was not seen by us staged far away. The Fake News stories were just the opposite-Disgraceful! 
Wow 30000 e-mails were deleted by Crooked Hillary Clinton. She said they had to do with a wedding reception. Liar! How can she run?
The Green Party just dropped its recount suit in Pennsylvania and is losing votes in Wisconsin recount. Just a Stein scam to raise money!
Nellie Ohr the wife of DOJ official Bruce Ohr was long ago investigating for pay (GPS Fusion) members of my family feeding it to her husband who was then giving it to the FBI even though it was created by ousted &amp; discredited Christopher Steele. Illegal! WITCH HUNT
My son @EricTrump has just done another great event and raised a lot of money for @StJude. He is a really good boy who loves helping kids.
President Obama just fired the ObamaCare website builder. My question is why were they hired in the first place? Sue them for damages!
Wishing everyone a Happy Memorial Day and a thank you to all the soldiers who protected our great country.
Catch me on Fox News right now my interview with Neil Cavuto 
Drug prices declined in 2018 the first time in nearly half a century. During the first 19 months of my Administration Americans saved $26 Billion on prescription drugs. Our policies to get cheaper generic drugs to market are working!
“The very thing that they are accusing President Trump of doing (which I didn’t do) was actually done by Joe Biden. Continues to be a double standard.” @RepDevinNunes  @foxandfriends  These people are stone cold Crooked. Also who is this so-called “whistleblower” who doesn’t...
Republicans on the Homeland Security Committee are wasting their time. Democrats despite all of the evidence proof and Caravans coming are not going to give money to build the DESPERATELY needed WALL. I’ve got you covered. Wall is already being built I don’t expect much help!
The failing @WSJ Wall Street Journal should fire both its pollster and its Editorial Board. Seldom has a paper been so wrong.Totally biased!
Remember I am the only one who is self-funding my campaign. All of the other candidates are bought and paid for by special interests!
Sarah Jessica Parker voted “unsexiest woman alive” – I agree. She said “it’s beneath me to comment on the... 
Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters incited by the media are protesting. Very unfair!
Will be in Orlando Florida this afternoon. 25000 people expected. This is a movement like our GREAT COUNTRY has never seen before!
It doesn't matter that Crooked Hillary has experience look at all of the bad decisions she has made. Bernie said she has bad judgement!
Really good Criminal Justice Reform has a true shot at major bipartisan support. @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell and @senchuckschumer have a real chance to do something so badly needed in our country. Already past with big vote in House. Would be a major victory for ALL!
Wow watch Comey lie under oath to Senator G when asked “have you ever been an anonymous source...or known someone else to be an anonymous source...?” He said strongly “never no.” He lied as shown clearly on @foxandfriends.
Donna Brazile just stated the DNC RIGGED the system to illegally steal the Primary from Bernie Sanders. Bought and paid for by Crooked H....
Via @nytpolitics by @AshleyRParker: “Strong Showings for Donald Trump in Iowa and New Hampshire Polls” 
I only wish my wonderful father Fred gave me $200 million to start my business like lightweight Rubio says. He didn't - total fabrication!
“Build up your weaknesses until they become your strong points.” - Knute Rockne
Alabama is sooo lucky to have a candidate like "Big" Luther Strange. Smart tough on crime borders &amp; trade loves Vets &amp; Military. Tuesday!
“This investigation involved far more surveillance than we ever had any idea about. It wasn’t just a wiretap against a campaign aide...it was secretly gathering information on the Trump Campaign...people call that Spying...this is unprecedented and  scandalous.” Mollie Hemingway
Thank you to my great supporters in Wisconsin. I heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal!
Thank you to Senator Rob Portman and Senator Cory Gardner for the early and warm endorsement. We will ALL WIN in 2020 together!
So terrible that Crooked didn't report she got the debate questions from Donna Brazile if that were me it would have been front page news!
CPAC 2013: Donald Trump: Immigration reform is a ‘suicide mission’ for GOP  by @SethMcLaughlin1
Europe has to pay their fair share for Military Protection. The European Union for many years has taken advantage of us on Trade and then they don’t live up to their Military commitment through NATO. Things must change fast!
The IG Report is a total disaster for Comey his minions and sadly the FBI. Comey will now officially go down as the worst leader by far in the history of the FBI. I did a great service to the people in firing him. Good Instincts. Christopher Wray will bring it proudly back!
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point: Grand Opening next Tuesday May 26th at 11 AM. Jack Nicklaus will be joining me. 
I am pleased to announce my nomination of Barbara Barrett of Arizona and former Chairman of the Aerospace Corporation to be the next Secretary of the Air Force. She will be an outstanding Secretary! #FlyFightWin
Great job being done by Congressman Keith Rothfus of Pennsylvania. Thank you Keith!
Marco Rubio is a member of the Gang Of Eight or very weak on stopping illegal immigration. Only changed when poll numbers crashed.
Vote today for Dan Bishop. Will be great for North Carolina and our Country!
Join me live from the @WhiteHouse.
Thanks to our loyal viewers &amp; fans last night’s @ApprenticeNBC topped all the demos &amp; grew 24% in our regular slot premiere.

ObamaCare is causing such grief and tragedy for so many. It is being dismantled but in the meantime premiums &amp; deductibles are way up!
I'll be on @foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM.  Be sure to tune in.
Very true thank you Ted &amp; John. I love Texas! 
Every time I see a weak politician asking to stop Trade talks or the use of Tariffs to counter unfair Tariffs I wonder what can they be thinking? Are we just going to continue and let our farmers and country get ripped off?  Lost $817 Billion on Trade last year. No weakness!
Join me in Washington today!Spokane tickets: tickets: 
V.P. Mike Pence and team just left the White House. Briefed me on their meeting with the Schumer/Pelosi representatives. Not much headway made today. Second meeting set for tomorrow. After so many decades must finally and permanently fix the problems on the Southern Border!
Congratulations to the Great State of Louisiana. A big night. You will soon have a new and wonderful Governor @EddieRispone. Your Taxes and Car Insurance Payments will go DOWN!
The Blue Monster is being torn up at Trump @DoralResort. On April 1 I go out &amp; play it one more time until the new course opens.
Via @BreitbartNews @biggovt: "DONALD TRUMP TO SPEAK AT CPAC"  by @michaelpleahy
Just met with David Perdue @Perduesenate. He’s a fantastic guy who will fight hard against ObamaCare. He will win!
Arizona together with our Military and Border Patrol is bracing for a massive surge at a NON-WALLED area. WE WILL NOT LET THEM THROUGH. Big danger. Nancy and Chuck must approve Boarder Security and the Wall!
Central Park’s top locale @TrumpRink is open throughout the holidays. Our Skating School is excellent &amp; acclaimed 
Happy National Farmers Day! 
The new Ebola czar will report to the WH &amp; NSA adviser Susan Rice. More mismanagement &amp; duplicity with CDC. Obama is terrible executive.
Made in America? @BarackObama called his 'birthplace'  Hawaii  "here in Asia."    
House of Representatives needs to pass Government Funding Bill tonight. So important for our country - our Military needs it!
.@genesimmons Amazing! Thank you.  
.@bobvanderplaats asked me to do an event. The people holding the event called me to say he wanted $100000 for himself.Phony @foxandfriends
NEW YORK POST EDITORIAL. “Worse Than Pointless. All those hours of televised testimony plainly failed on their announced goal: to change American’s minds. Part of the problem is that Democrats already leaked the best evidence they had. More important NOT ONE WITNESS OFFERED.....
....Super Predator was the term associated with the 1994 Crime Bill that Sleepy Joe Biden was so heavily involved in passing. That was a dark period in American History but has Sleepy Joe apologized? No!
China is doing very badly worst year in 27 - was supposed to start buying our agricultural product now - no signs that they are doing so. That is the problem with China they just don’t come through. Our Economy has become MUCH larger than the Chinese Economy is last 3 years....
Yesterday was amazing—5 victories.  Lyin’ Ted Cruzhad zero. Things are going very well!
....of Anger and Outrage and we will then be able to bring all sides together in Peace and Harmony. Fake News Must End!
Highest Stock Market EVER best economic numbers in years unemployment lowest in 17 years wages raising border secure S.C.: No WH chaos!
....paying higher rates than many others when we should be paying less. Tough on our exporters and puts the USA at a competitive disadvantage. Must be the other way around. Should ease and cut rate big. Jerome Powell led Federal Reserve has called it wrong from day one. Sad!
When @crowleyCNN defended Obama on Benghazi in the presidential debate she was defending a complete lie 
JEB is a hypocrite! Used massive private "Eminent Domain" --- Just another clueless politician! 
Is everything ok over there @Salon? I actually got some good press from them today.
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo today at 8:15 A.M. on @FoxBusiness. Enjoy!

I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare. We will have MUCH less expensive and MUCH better healthcare. With Hillary costs will triple!
On @FallonTonight with @jimmyfallon at 11:30 PM. Enjoy!
My book with @theRealKiyosaki Midas Touch is divided into five sections. The first is the thumb-
Governor Henry McMaster is a truly fine man who loves the People of South Carolina. He was one of my very early supporters and truly helped me to a Big South Carolina Victory. I will see you all in S.C on Monday and Vice President Pence will be there for Henry on Saturday!
Deroy Murdock National Review: “We are now exporting oil which is the first time in my lifetime - we are right now the largest producer of oil and gas. This is not good if you’re Vladimir Putin where your chief export is oil. W.H. Agent - Not good for Kremlin.” @TuckerCarlson
Donald Trump could again defy the conventional wisdom of the chattering class in November.-- @Newsmax_Media's cover "The Trump Effect"
A great honor to host PM Paolo Gentiloni of Italy at the White House this afternoon! #ICYMI- Joint Press Conference… 
Rosie O'Donnell should leave Lindsay Lohan alone--@Rosie has bigger problems than Lindsay. Lindsay's mother called my office for help
.@jimmykimmel is terrific but for Obama to fly on Air Force One ($’s) to do the show in these bad times is ridiculous.
“Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.” - @DalaiLama
2.  The celebrity with the highest totals by Tuesday noon ET gets an extra donation to his or her charity…
A huge thanks to @HeatherNauert for serving America at the @StateDept. Great work! I’m proud to have you join the Fulbright board! 
I see Marco Rubio just landed another billionaire to give big money to his Superpac which are total scams. Marco must address him as "SIR"!
The incompetent Mayor of London Sadique Kahn was bothered that I played a very fast round of golf yesterday. Many Pols exercise for hours or travel for weeks. Me I run through one of my courses (very inexpensive). President Obama would fly to Hawaii. Kahn should focus on....
Iraq told us to get out Iraq is now falling and Iraq now wants us to come back! Don't do it unless we get the OIL and I mean ALL OF IT!
Just sat down for a great interview with @PHussionWYFF in Greenville today. Watch at 5pm. An amazing day in South Carolina! #VoteTrumpSC
#USAatUNGA🇺🇸 #UNGA 
The U.S. once again condemns the brutality of the North Korean regime as we mourn its latest victim. Video: 
The failing @nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Said I would lose the primaries then the general election. FAKE NEWS!
Now is the time for the @GOP to be united with the mission of electing @MittRomney this November. Stop with the public divisions.
This should NEVER happen to another President again! 
Here is a letter I received yesterday from someone who has had personal experience with our health care situation. 
....Tariffs Remittance Fees or all of the above. Guatemala has not been good. Big U.S. taxpayer dollars going to them was cut off by me 9 months ago.

For the sake of transparency @BarackObama should release all his college applications and transcripts--both from Occidental and Columbia.
Iran is going to buy 114 jetliners with a small part of the $150 billion we are giving them...but they won't buy from U.S. rather Airbus!
.@SanDiegoPD- Fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally. Greatly appreciated!
.@MonicaCrowley you were GREAT on @seanhannity tonight. Thank you for the nice words!
Can you believe that Shifty Adam Schiff the biggest leaker in D.C. and a corrupt politician is upset that we didn’t inform him before we raided and killed the #1 terrorist in the WORLD!? Wouldn’t be surprised if the Do Nothing Democrats Impeach me over that! DRAIN THE SWAMP!!
Thank you Senator @TedCruz!#Debates2016 #MAGA 
If the GOP will have any chance to beat @BarackObama in November the great people of Michigan need to support @MittRomney's candidacy.
Such a great experience in New Hampshire - amazing people! Will be leaving for a big event in South Carolina today.
Such a difference in the media coverage of the same immigration policies between the Obama Administration and ours. Actually we have done a far better job in that our facilities are cleaner and better run than were the facilities under Obama. Fake News is working overtime!
....for electric cars. General Motors made a big China bet years ago when they built plants there (and in Mexico) - don’t think that bet is going to pay off. I am here to protect America’s Workers!
Thank you Mississippi - Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
“Even such traits as who makes the most eye contact in conversation can be an indication of who seeks to dominate.” Think Like A Billionaire
A terrible lie. How can she do such a thing? 
African Americans are very angry at the double standard on full display in Virginia!
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
Eliot had a terrible debate performance this morning against Scott Stringer. He can’t spin his failing and contemptible public record.
Just got back only to hear of a last minute change allowing a Never Trumper attorney to help Robert Mueller with his testimony before Congress tomorrow. What a disgrace to our system. Never heard of this before. VERY UNFAIR SHOULD NOT BE ALLOWED. A rigged Witch Hunt!
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. -- Nelson Mandela
“Because the House has already voted against the Impeachment Proceeding the current inquiry is totally invalid. The current sham of a so-called investigation is nothing more than an unconstitutional power grab. It needs to end.”  @JasonChaffetz  @seanhannity  Corrupt Adam Schiff
Big news just out - NEW @CNN POLL  TRUMP  39 and leads in every major category. Likeability way up. CRUZ 18  CARSON 10  RUBIO 10
Congratulations to @TheSlyStallone and Arnold @Schwarzenegger on 'Expendables 2' #1 box office opening. Still going strong!
The safety of the American People is my highest priority. I have just concluded a briefing with the FBI Department of Justice Department of Homeland Security and the U.S. Secret Service... 
The Democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked Hillary Clinton. We have Paul Ryan always fighting the Republican nominee!
Departing MCAS Cherry Point in North Carolina for Fayetteville North Carolina. This is amazing! 
First Obama says Egypt is not an ally. Then he promises to keep handing over aid     Incompetent and unqualified.
I meet and talk to “foreign governments” every day. I just met with the Queen of England (U.K.) the Prince of Wales the P.M. of the United Kingdom the P.M. of Ireland the President of France and the President of Poland. We talked about “Everything!” Should I immediately....
The cost of our great Salute to America tomorrow will be very little compared to what it is worth. We own the planes we have the pilots the airport is right next door (Andrews) all we need is the fuel. We own the tanks and all. Fireworks are donated by two of the greats. Nice!
I just had a great victory against lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. Most of his case re Trump U. was thrown out or gutted. Little remains
I am continuing to get rid of costly and unnecessary regulations. Much work left to do but effect will be great! Business &amp; jobs will grow.
The Fake Washington Post keeps doing phony stories with zero sources that I am concerned with the Impeachment scam. I am not because I did nothing wrong. It is the other side including Schiff and his made up story that are concerned. Witch Hunt continues!
Giving away money and revolutionizing crowdfunding. Follow @fundanything to see which causes are financed daily
It was announced this morning that unemployment rose--this can't be good for Obama.
Study the late Joseph McCarthy because we are now in period with Mueller and his gang that make Joseph McCarthy look like a baby! Rigged Witch Hunt!
.@seanhannity  Carly whose campaign is dead is making false statements about me in order to salvage hope! Sad.
Great progress being made in our Trade Negotiations with Japan. Agriculture and beef heavily in play. Much will wait until after their July elections where I anticipate big numbers!
“You can’t wear a blindfold in business. A regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your horizons.” – Trump: How to Get Rich
Obama lied 100% about Libya and the killings--emails are absolute. He must release his records on Wednesday and stop the lies.
The great Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a Special Friday night at 10:00 on ABC.… 
So do I! 
.@NRO @JonahNRO  Wow just looked at the stats for National Review. Dying fast doing very little business. Save this conservative voice!
People have been asking to hear my Howard Stern interview—you can access it on @HowardTV.
We should not allow @Chrysler to move @Jeep jobs to China after they said they wouldn't--stay tuned!
Great poll- thank you Nevada!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Glad everyone could see Mar-a-Lago last night on @datelinenbc. It is the crown jewel of Palm Beach.
Great job Richard! 
For America to be strong again the ways of politicians must be put in the past. Let’s Make America Great Again!  
Very resource rich Canada our neighbor is looking to China for its growth. Just another sad commentary on the U.S. 
Working hard from New Jersey while White House goes through long planned renovation. Going to New York next week for more meetings.
While I hear the Koch brothers are in big financial trouble (oil) word is they have chosen little Marco Rubio the lightweight from Florida
“Federal Judge throws out Stormy Danials lawsuit versus Trump. Trump is entitled to full legal fees.” @FoxNews Great now I can go after Horseface and her 3rd rate lawyer in the Great State of Texas. She will confirm the letter she signed! She knows nothing about me a total con!
Along with two championship courses on the Potomac River @TrumpGolfDC’s also offers limitless social events  
More apprehensions (captures)at the Southern Border than in many years. Border Patrol amazing! Country is FULL! System has been broken for many years. Democrats in Congress must agree to fix loopholes - No Open Borders (Crimes &amp; Drugs). Will Close Southern Border If necessary...
Thank you. 
.@Morning_Joe can you believe Kasie Hunt's poor and purposely inaccurate reporting on my great night and crowd in Iowa. @politico is a scam!
With so many scandals plaguing Obama it seems that they all hit him at the right time. Could help him get away w/ all of them.
My thoughts on @andyroddick in today's #trumpvlog.... 
I'm sending lots of bottled water out to Staten Island &amp; Long Island.
How could Michael Forbes get Scot of the Year when he lost—badly—to me &amp; Andy Murray a true Scot who won the U.S. Open &amp; Olympic gold?
Thoughts and prayers to the families of the four great Marines killed today.
Celebrate 2013 @TrumpSoHo with downtown's nicest #NYE party. Get your tickets now: 
Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Toronto continues to receive accolades. Great city great hotel.    #TrumpToronto
A must read for any country or community considering wind turbines. 
Comey throws AG Lynch “under the bus!” Why can’t we all find out what happened on the tarmac in the back of the plane with Wild Bill and Lynch? Was she promised a Supreme Court seat or AG in order to lay off Hillary. No golf and grandkids talk (give us all a break)!
....release known dangerous criminals into communities across the State. All citizens have the right to be protected by Federal law and strong borders.
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point an 18 hole public golf course in the Bronx New York is opening soon! 
Great evening in Canton Ohio-thank you! We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us:  
No debate on Election Security should go forward without first agreeing that Voter ID (Identification) must play a very strong part in any final agreement. Without Voter ID it is all so meaningless!
Tremendous success tonight. Thank you to all!
Pennsylvania poll just released. Two rallies there on Mon- join me!Ambridge:  
Thank you South Carolina. Now let’s get out tomorrow and VOTE for @HenryMcMaster! 
I never asked Comey for Personal Loyalty. I hardly even knew this guy. Just another of his many lies. His “memos” are self serving and FAKE!
China court: Apple pays $60M to settle iPad case. China is getting away with murder. 
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles offers 18 holes fronting the Pacific Ocean on the Palos Verdes Peninsula. 
Based on the fact that the ships and sailors have not been returned to Ukraine from Russia I have decided it would be best for all parties concerned to cancel my previously scheduled meeting....
The Trump Administration has terminated more UNNECESSARY Regulation in just twelve months than any other Administration has terminated during their full term in office no matter what the length. The good news is THERE IS MUCH MORE TO COME!
Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now!  
#2. Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
I will be addressing a fantastic Ames crowd at tomorrow's @bobvanderplaats’ @theFAMiLYLEADER Leadership Summit 
I will represent our country well and fight for its interests! Fake News Media will never cover me accurately but who cares! We will #MAGA!
....completely avoided if you by from a non-Tariffed Country or you buy the product inside the USA (the best idea). That’s Zero Tariffs. Many Tariffed companies will be leaving China for Vietnam and other such countries in Asia. That’s why China wants to make a deal so badly!...
Back in D.C. big week for Tax Cuts and many other things of great importance to our Country.  Senate Republicans will hopefully come through for all of us. The Tax Cut Bill is getting better and better. The end result will be great for ALL!
Obama keeps namedropping Bill Clinton-- he is no Bill Clinton.
A great First Lady! 
It is now clear that the Embassy attack in Libya was a coordinated Al Qaeda operation and not based on some video.
Youth unemployment is at a record high. ObamaCare is a job destroyer which is ruining aspiring careers. It must be repealed.
Our pledge to hire American includes those leaving prison and looking for a very fresh start — new job and new life. The legislation I am supporting today contains many significant reforms. Read more here:  
Weak and low energy @JebBush whose campaign is a disaster is now doing ads against me where he tries to look like a tough guy.
Chinese oil trader just bought “record number” of Mideast crude   China gains while we fight ISIS. What are we doing?
I had a wonderful meeting with Likud Deputy Speaker of The Knesset @DannyDanon this past Friday in Trump Tower   #Israel
'U.S. Consumer Comfort Just Reached Its Highest Level in a Decade' ➡️ 
Thanks. 
What do African-Americans and Hispanics have to lose by going with me. Look at the poverty crime and educational statistics. I will fix it!
I like thinking big. I always have. To me it's very simple: if you're going to be thinking anyway you might as (cont)  16:14:47,230,64,false,185762003862827011TwitLonger Beta,Don't forget the three hour episode of Celebrity Apprentice this Sunday night 8pm-11pm on NBC. You're in for a (cont)  15:15:11,44,8,false,185747002318012416TwitLonger Beta,A study says @Autism is out of control--a 78% increase in 10 years. Stop giving monstrous combined vaccinations (cont)  14:25:53,309,70,false,185734595864563712TwitLonger Beta,@GeorgeZimmerman doesn't look injured to me. Even if he's in a fight does he have to use a gun--and why shoot (cont)  14:22:47,52,31,false,185733817024249858Twitter Web Client,Photo of @Gretawire and me from yesterday's interview...  21:34:03,17,4,false,185479962621509632TwitLonger Beta,Bad news for @BarackObama. @gallupnews reports that the economy (71%) and gas prices (65%) are Americans' top (cont)  19:55:08,88,9,false,185455069435662336Twitter Web Client,@VP Biden is delusional. He is criticizing @MittRomney on jobs. @BarackObama's economic record is an abject failure.,03-29-2012 18:54:24,13,1,false,185439786222362624Twitter Web Client,The Fed must be reined in. In 2011 the Fed bought 61% percent of US debt--even more than 2008. Unsustainable!  18:41:17,83,12,false,185436481958068224Twitter Web Client,In 2008 @BarackObama warned that electricity rates will necessarily skyrocket" during his term. Mission Accomplished! 
Sad case- @USATODAY did article saying I don't pay bills- false only don't pay when work is shoddy bad or not done! They should do same!
Via @limbaugh: “See Trump Told You So” 
Bob Mueller was a great HERO to the Radical Left Democrats. Now that the Mueller Report is finished with a finding of NO COLLUSION &amp; NO OBSTRUCTION (based on a review of Report by our highly respected A.G.) the Dems are going around saying “Bob who sorry don’t know the man.”
....John has therefore decided to stay in Congress where he has done such an outstanding job representing the people of Texas and our Country. I will be announcing my nomination for DNI shortly.
“Our runaway judiciary is badly in need of restraint by Congress.” - Phyllis Schlafly
A "Lion's List" of Democrats are not attending @BarackObama's DNC Convention. The Democratic Party is in turmoil. 
“The biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life.  So if you want to aim high you have be able to handle the bumps.”–Think Big
The silent majority- is silent no more! Remember the importance of VOTING!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
When I said in my phone call to the President of Ukraine “I would like you to do US a favor though because our country has been through a lot and Ukraine knows a lot about it.” With the word “us” I am referring to the United States our Country. I then went on to say that......
Good.morning I'm going to work!
Thank you @WVGovernor Jim Justice. It was my great honor to be with the amazing people of West Virginia today! #MAGA 
I'll be going to the Old Post Office Building on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. today. Will create one of world's great hotels. Lots of jobs!
Tune in for #TrumpTuesday on @SquawkCNBC tomorrow morning.
Will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews at 9:00 P.M. (Saturday night). Enjoy!
.@TrumpChicago is Chicago's sole destination showcasing a Five-Star @Forbes rating for both hotel &amp; restaurant 
Just had a great call with the President of Brazil @JairBolsonaro. We discussed many subjects including Trade. The relationship between the United States and Brazil has never been Stronger!
Everybody is asking why the Justice Department (and FBI) isn't looking into all of the dishonesty going on with Crooked Hillary &amp; the Dems..
The success of Shark Tank over the years is a total joke compared to the success of The Apprentice one of the biggest hits in T.V. history.
“How many stories are wrong? Almost all of the stories the New York Times has done are inaccurate and wrong.” @greggutfeld  The New York Times should close its doors and throw away the keys. The women mentioned in the Kavanaugh story said she didn’t even remember the event.
I am self-funding my campaign and am therefore not controlled by the lobbyists and special interests like lightweight Rubio or Ted Cruz!
Yesterday was a big day for the stock market. Jobs are coming back to America. Chrysler is coming back to the USA from Mexico and many others will follow. Tax cut money to employees is pouring into our economy with many more companies announcing. American business is hot again!
You would think a paper like the Washington Post would be fair and objective. For the record almost all polls showed I won all debates.
Via @politico by “Poll: Trump has twice the support of Bush in New Hampshire”  
Thank you! 
Jeb Bush really blew his interview with @megynkelly - should cost him big time. Said he would do the disastrous  Iraq war all over again
It was my great honor to welcome President @JC_Varela &amp; Mrs. Varela from Panama this afternoon.🇺🇸🇵🇦➡️… 
The legendary Gary Player at Turnberry in Scotland! 
Thank you to everyone at @FEMA HQ for today’s briefing on preparations for the upcoming hurricane season. Disaster response and recovery is best achieved when it’s federally supported state managed and locally executed – this is the successful model we will continue to build. 
...despite already having signed a detailed letter admitting that there was no affair. Prior to its violation by Ms. Clifford and her attorney this was a private agreement. Money from the campaign or campaign contributions played no roll in this transaction.
Thank you Indiana! #MAGA🇺🇸
Why isn't Hillary Clinton 50 points ahead?#DebateNight 
.@KellyandMichael are both wonderful people. Their show is terrific. #CelebApprentice
Another example of @BarackObama's diplomatic triumphs--he gave the Queen of England an iIPod filled with his speeches.
All Democrats should watch this! 
Additionally @CelebApprentice ranked as the #1 program in the 9-11 pm time period with adults in the 25-54  age group.
.@ABFAlecBaldwin  P.S. Your brother @StephenBaldwin7 is doing very well on @ApprenticeNBC--and he stated he "adores you."
دولت ایران باید به گروه‌های حقوق بشر اجازه بدهد حقیقت کنونی اعتراضات در جریان مردم ایران را نظارت کرده و گزارش بدهند. نباید شاهد کشتار دوباره ی معترضان مسالمت آمیز و یا قطع اینترنت باشیم. جهان نظاره گر این اتفاقات است.
Just won the highest rated sanitary award in NY—an A--&amp; the food is great also. Trump Grill/ 57th &amp; 5th.
I will be doing @foxandfriends at 8.00 a.m.
Always know you could be on the precipice of something great. --Donald J. Trump 
The con artists changed the name from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE when GLOBAL WARMING was no longer working and credibility was lost!
My Administration pushed to include a big expansion to Veteran telehealth in the spending bill so that the brave men and women who served our Country get the care they need. #RuralProsperity
My friend @GovChristie called it--@MittRomney recast the race.
We must keep the pressure on @BarackObama's administration to make sure Chen comes to the US. It would be a tragedy to abandon him in China.
#ObamacareFail 
All predictions re: my 12 o'clock release are totally incorrect.  Stay tuned!
Great night in Denver Colorado- thank you! Together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #ICYMI watch rally here:… 
Our country’s great First Lady Melania is doing really well in Africa. The people love her and she loves them! It is a beautiful thing to see.

Obama wanted to meet with the Iranian president yet the Iranians denied the request. So much for Hope &amp; Change.
The Dallas event on September 14 at 6:00 P.M. at the American Airlines Center looks like it will be a giant success. Tickets are going FAST!
Thank you! # 
.@ScotGolfPodcast Work has not yet begun. We're in the approval phase. It will be amazing. You will love the final result.
My thoughts on Gadhafi's death @BarackObama and the misery index...  #trumpvlog
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your kind remarks on the important issue of PTSD and the dishonest media. Great to be in Arizona yesterday!
Ratings starved @CNN and @CNNPolitics does not cover me accurately. Why can't they get it right - it's really not that hard!
According to new employment numbers 296000 Americans have dropped out of the work force &amp; gave up looking for work.

There are no buyers for the worthless @NYDailyNews but little Mort Zuckerman is frantically looking. It is bleeding red ink - a total loser!
Obama Schumer and Pelosi did NOTHING about North Korea and now weak on Crime High Tax Schumer is telling me what to do at the Summit the Dems could never set up. Schumer failed with North Korea and Iran we don’t need his advice!
Four people in Nevada viciously robbed and killed by an illegal immigrant who should not have been in our Country. 26 people killed on the Border in a drug and gang related fight. Two large Caravans from Honduras broke into Mexico and are headed our way. We need a powerful Wall!
Churches in Texas should be entitled to reimbursement from FEMA Relief Funds for helping victims of Hurricane Harvey (just like others).
Thank you Mike! 
Going now to make a major speech before some of the world's biggest investors in Dubai!
The Democrat controlled House never even asked John Bolton to testify. It is up to them not up to the Senate!
Obama is the most profligate deficit &amp; debt spender in our nation’s history. Doubled debt (cont) 
Great new book by Jason Chaffetz appropriately called “The Deep State.” Very interesting indeed!
THE DEMOCRATS ARE TRYING TO DESTROY THE REPUBLICAN PARTY AND ALL THAT IT STANDS FOR. STICK TOGETHER PLAY THEIR GAME AND FIGHT HARD REPUBLICANS. OUR COUNTRY IS AT STAKE!
Senator Chuck Schumer has finally gone to the Southern Border with some Democrat Senators. This is a GREAT thing! Nearby he missed a large group of Illegal Immigrants trying to enter the USA illegally. They wildly  rushed Border Patrol. Some Agents were badly injured....
Thank you to Jack Morgan Tamara Neo Cheryl Ann Kraft and all of my friends and supporters in Virginia. GREAT JOB!
Receiving the Algemeiner Liberty Award--a great honor. 
“Donald Trump Congratulated on @foxandfriends for Receiving the @Algemeiner’s ‘Liberty Award’”  via @Algemeiner
Because Gov. Kasich cannot run in the state of Pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination- &amp; should not be allowed to compete in Ohio on Tue.
Always pretend that you're working for yourself. You'll do a wonderful job. It's simple but it works. - Think Like a Billionaire
“Inside Donald Trump's Scottish golf course”   via @TelegraphSport
Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt Hillary?
I am not trying to get "top level security clearance" for my children. This was a typically false news story.
I don’t know what will happen with the lawsuit against dummy @billmaher but have an obligation to charity to bring it.
For those of you that have conveniently forgotten dummy Jon Stewart is a bad filmmaker. His last effort was a real bomb (in all ways)!
Congratulations to @JustinTrudeau on a wonderful and hard fought victory. Canada is well served. I look forward to working with you toward the betterment of both of our countries!
I am in Las Vegas at the best hotel (by far) Trump International. I will be working with my wonderful teams and volunteers to WIN Nevada!
Trump Towers Istanbul Sisli will be one of the country’s top landmarks  
Congrats @TrumpToronto for being ranked #1 on @TripAdvisor and a Travellers' Choice 2013 Winner!
Many people look at successful people &amp; don't see anything but the end result. They don't see all the work that went into getting there.
Just landed in Baton Rouge Louisiana. Reports are out that lines are three quarters of a mile to get in. Wow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I spoke with Governor David Ige of Hawaii today to express our full support for the people of Hawaii as the State is impacted by #HurricaneLane. The Federal Government is fully committed to helping the people of Hawaii. 
Obama and Republicans are hollowing out our military. Now want to cut troop levels. Lowest level in over 20 years.
Sadly they and others are Fake News and the public is just beginning to figure it out! 
Despite thousands of hours wasted and many millions of dollars spent the Democrats have been unable to show any collusion with Russia - so now they are moving on to the false accusations and fabricated stories of women who I don’t know and/or have never met. FAKE NEWS!
My fragrance--"Success"-- is flying off the shelves @Macys. The perfect Christmas gift!
Mario Draghi just announced more stimulus could come which immediately dropped the Euro against the Dollar making it unfairly easier for them to compete against the USA. They have been getting away with this for years along with China and others.
Entrepreneurs: Paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself.
“Donald Trump turns over 11.5 ac.in Rancho Palos Verdes for recreational open space”  @DailyBreezeNews by @meg_barnes
“Taken for Granted” a wonderful new book by Gianni Caldwell on how Conservatism can win back the Americans that Liberalism Failed. Full Endorsement!
Iran looks like it is toying with John Kerry on nuclear talks - he is begging for a deal to save face. Negotiation is just not his thing!
It is a "miracle" how fast the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police were able to find the demented shooter and stop him from even more killing!
....If the Democrats are successful in removing the President from office (which they will never be) it will cause a Civil War like fracture in this Nation from which our Country will never heal.” Pastor Robert Jeffress @FoxNews
Wow I have always liked the @nypost but they have really lied when they covered me in Iowa. Packed house standing O best speech! Sad.
Great @ANHQDC segment with @CharlesHurt: "Breaking Down the Trump Factor"  Let's Make America Great Again!
Big legislation will be signed by me shortly. After many years RIGHT TO TRY and big changes to DODD FRANK.
“Trump Fundraising Haul Shows Impeachment Backfiring on Dems” 
Looks like a very good World Series game!
Sanders said only black lives matter - wow! Hillary did not answer question!
George @GStephanopoulos ask Crazy Nancy why she allowed Adam “Shifty” Schiff to totally make up my conversation with the Ukrainian President &amp; read his false words to Congress and the world as though I said it? He got caught! Ask why hearing was most unfair &amp; biased in history?
Be sure to watch #CelebApprentice on Sunday night at 9 pm on NBC. Another great episode!
FBI director said Crooked Hillary compromised our national security. No charges. Wow! #RiggedSystem
Will be having lunch in White House residence with large group concerning Border Security.
The @BarackObama campaign keeps highlighting a web video of John McCain being nice &amp; respectful. I'll bet John (cont) 
“I will never testify against Trump.” This statement was recently made by Roger Stone essentially stating that he will not be forced by a rogue and out of control prosecutor to make up lies and stories about “President Trump.” Nice to know that some people still have “guts!”
North Korea has agreed to suspend all Nuclear Tests and close up a major test site. This is very good news for North Korea and the World - big progress! Look forward to our Summit.
ABC is as bad as the rest of them. Journalistic standards are nonexistent today. The press is so dishonest that we no longer have Freedom of the Press! 
Thank you High Point NC! I will fight for every neglected part of this nation &amp; I will fight to bring us together… 
No Deal! Trade Talks with Canada Conclude for the Week with No Agreement | Breitbart  via @BreitbartNews
A great evening in Springfield Illinois. Thank you for all of the support! #Trump2016 
.@DanaPerino  Have you released a copy of the beautiful thank you card you sent me? Would you like to see it? @ericbolling @kimguilfoyle
For all of those that think life is easy &amp; don’t want to work remember: HOPE IS THE POOR MAN’S BREAD.
A coincidence that the NSA leaker is living openly in Hong Kong?! At the same time the Chinese Pres. met with Obama in CA.
My twitter followers will soon be over 2 million--&amp; all the "biggies." It's like having your own newspaper.
“Know from the inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will.” – Think Like a Champion
If Senate Republicans don't get rid of the Filibuster Rule and go to a 51% majority few bills will be passed. 8 Dems control the Senate!
Hope &amp; Change--since @BarackObama has taken office the US debt has increased by an average of $64K per taxpayer.
#ICYMI- On Saturday I signed two EO's to help keep jobs &amp; wealth in our country.EO1:  EO2:… 
After having been exposed as a fraud and corrupt can anyone including Sleepyeyes Chuck Todd of Fake @NBCNews continue to listen to his con?
Today we honor the fallen at #PearlHarbor 74 years ago today. If you see a vet today thank them! #RememberOurVets 
...Talks have begun to further increase payments to the United States. South Korea is a very wealthy nation that now feels an obligation to contribute to the military defense provided by the United States of America. The relationship between the two countries is a very good one!
Our great First Lady is doing really well. Will be leaving hospital in 2 or 3 days. Thank you for so much love and support!
We believe that every American should stand for the National Anthem and we proudly pledge allegiance to one NATION UNDER GOD! 
.@marklevinshow has been saying very nice things about me on his show recently. He has a fantastic radio show that I always enjoy!
Fiscal cliff negotiations have officially begun between the President and Congress---Washington must come together and make a deal.
Our hearts &amp; prayers go out to the people of London who suffered a vicious terrorist attack.... 
Entrepreneurs: Remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules.
Wow @UnionLeader circulation in NH has dropped from 75000 to around 10—bad management. No wonder they begged me for ads.
How could Jeff Flake who is setting record low polling numbers in Arizona and was therefore humiliatingly forced out of his own Senate seat without even a fight (and who doesn’t have a clue) think about running for office even a lower one again? Let’s face it he’s a Flake!
I was thrilled to be back @LibertyU. Congratulations to the Class of 2017! This is your day and you've earned it.… 
Our great VPE @mike_pence is in Louisiana campaigning for John Kennedy for US Senate. John will be a tremendous help to us in Washington.
Do you notice that Hillary spews out Jeb's name as often as possible in order to give him status? She knows Trump is her worst nightmare.
“This is a blowout. Look at these manufacturing numbers a blowout.” @MariaBartiromo
My review of #TheDarkKnightRises and more in today's #trumpvlog- 
Sometimes people spend too much time focusing on problems instead of focusing on opportunities - Think Like a Champion
Rio de Janeiro joins the @TrumpCollection in 2016. It’s going to be a spectacular hotel! 
....facts and that should terrify every American regardless of their political stripe. The idea that all of that information hasn’t already been revealed shows how dastardly these people are and how terrified they are about what’s going to happen when that....
Thank you Cincinnati Ohio. Together we are going to KEEP AMERICA GREAT! 
Will be going to West Virginia and Indiana today TWO RALLIES! Don’t tell anyone (big secret) but I will be bringing Coach Bobby Knight to Indiana. He’s been a supporter right from the beginning of the Greatest Political Movement in American History!
Only a few people showed up for the so-called Impeachment rallies over the weekend. The numbers were anemic no spirit no hope. More importantly No Collusion No Obstruction!
Can you conquer the Blue Monster? Book a tee time @TrumpDoral right here 
Will be in Bangor Maine today! Join me- 4pmE at the Cross Insurance Center!  
“Pastor praises Trump as 'pro-black' at prison reform event” 
Will Team Power be able to withstand Omarosa as PM? Smooth sailing is not expected.
THANK YOU #JIATFSouth @Norad_Northcom @southcomwatch and @DHSgov. Keep up the GREAT work! 
....Governor of the State did a good  job. That may be true but she could not have done it without the tremendous economic success of our Country &amp; the turnaround that my Administration has caused. Really Nasty to me in his average I.Q. Columns kissed my a.. on the call. Phony!
Paul Cook is a decorated Marine Corps Veteran who loves and supports our Military and Vets. He is Strong on Crime the Border and supported Tax Cuts for the people of California. Paul has my total and complete Endorsement!
“Freed Taliban hostages arrive in Germany.” @foxandfriends  @FoxNews @OANN  We got them back!
My team of deplorables will be taking over my Twitter account for tonight's #debate#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Great new book by Dr. Robert Jeffress “Choosing the Extraordinary Life.” Get it and enjoy!  @LouDobbs
Looking forward to being with the wonderful Bush family at Blair House today. The former First Lady will be coming over to the White House this morning to be given a tour of the Christmas decorations by Melania. The elegance &amp; precision of the last two days have been remarkable!
SECURE THE BORDER! BUILD A WALL!
The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes
To Our Incredible Federal Workforce: 
The gorgeous contestants of Trump Miss Universe are so excited to be simulcast on both @nbc and @Telemundo.  Will be a beautiful show!
....She loves our Military and our Vets and protects our Second Amendment. Cindy has my Full and Total Endorsement! #MAGA
Via @TV3Xpose: “@IvankaTrump: Think pink in the boardroom.”  
Via @DMRegister by @WilliamPetroski: "Trump: I can make America great again" 

‘Uniforms 4 Everyone’ campaign @fundanything has a $3000 goal to buy underprivileged kids school uniforms 
.@FranksFight  Keep fighting Frank! Never give up!
So funny to see little Adam Schitt (D-CA) talking about the fact that Acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker was not approved by the Senate but not mentioning the fact that Bob Mueller (who is highly conflicted) was not approved by the Senate!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Barack Obama said absolutely not 3 times before he agreed to go after Bin Laden--- now he wants all of the credit!
My heartfelt condolences to the family of Kathryn Steinle. Very very sad!
So sorry to hear the news about Jeff Bozo being taken down by a competitor whose reporting I understand is far more accurate than the reporting in his lobbyist newspaper the Amazon Washington Post. Hopefully the paper will soon be placed in better &amp; more responsible hands!
Be passionate. If you love what you're doing success will follow.
Remember when guns are outlawed only outlaws will have guns!
“Collusion was a Hoax from day one.” @dbongino  @foxandfriends
Our nation is a once great nation divided!
Could not have been treated more warmly in the United Kingdom by the Royal Family or the people. Our relationship has never been better and I see a very big Trade Deal down the road. “This trip has been an incredible success for the President.” @IngrahamAngle
Thank you @EliseStefanik and @SteveScalise GREAT JOB! 
The Witch Hunt continues! 
THANK YOU #IACP2019! 
This will be one of the biggest and most beautiful Miss Universe events ever.
The endorsement of me by the 16500 Border Patrol Agents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate. Nice!
The Great Patriots of Rolling Thunder WILL be coming back to Washington D.C. next year &amp; hopefully for many years to come. It is where they want to be &amp; where they should be. Have a wonderful time today. Thank you to our great men &amp; women of the Pentagon for working it out!
Join @autismspeaks and light the world blue on 4/2. #LIUB will raise awareness for millions with autism!
Thank you America! Together- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
All the hotels currently open in the Trump Hotel Collection have been nominated for Travel & Leisure's "World's Best Awards 2011" .....
Congrats @marklevinshow on fantastic article--when “B” writes so nicely about you it really means something. 
.@foxandfriends  Dems are taking forever to approve my people including Ambassadors. They are nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS! Want approvals.
Looks like @OMAROSA is up to the challenge. #CelebApprentice
#PledgeToAmericasWorkers 
It was a true honor to be at Yokota Air Base with our GREAT @USForcesJapan! 
Check out @MarkLevinShow: Life Liberty &amp; Levin on @FoxNews now (7pm)!
“Iowans Drawn to Donald Trump Praise His Antiestablishment Bent”  via @WSJ by @heatherhaddon &amp; @reidepstein
Once again @BarackObama's speech at @AIPAC yesterday proved that he is more concerned about containing @Israel (cont) 

I stand stronger than anyone in protecting your Healthcare with Pre-Existing Conditions. I am honored to have terminated the very unfair costly and unpopular individual mandate for you!
Big Story Big Win - Except in the Fake News which won’t cover it! 
Putin &amp; I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unit    so that election hacking &amp; many other negative things will be guarded..
Thanks for all of the great support but I just don't see myself wanting to run for Governor of New York - I have something else in mind!
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
Can you imagine with all of the talk about ObamaCare technical breakdowns made it a disastrous day. Our government is badly broken!
I spoke with other candidates to a Jewish group many friends in D.C. I said "I'm a negotiator like you" Got standing O-rated best of day!
Thank you for having me this morning @AmericanLegion. I enjoyed my time with everyone! #ALConvention2016 
Excited to announce that @GiulianaRancic &amp; @BravoAndy will be hosting the 2012 Miss Universe Pageant. Great ratings for Miss Universe.
“We have been engaged in an unfair relationship with China for a long time. They have reneged on the commitments they made to the WTO particularly around intellectual property.” Carly Fiorina @MariaBartiromo
I've helped pass and signed 38 Legislative Bills mostly with no Democratic support and gotten rid of massive amounts of regulations. Nice!
#ICYMI: #Trump2016 closing speech inBuffalo New York!#VoteTrumpNY 
Budget that just passed is a really big deal especially in terms of what will be the biggest tax cut in U.S. history - MSM barely covered!
I'm at Trump Int'l Hotel in Las Vegas tallest/most beautiful building in town. Speaking to another great crowd at Treasure Island (12 noon)
Thank you! 
I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Will be discussing all sorts of current disasters!
All part of the Witch Hunt Hoax. Started by little Eric Schneiderman &amp; Cuomo. So many leaving New York! 
If the great Si Newhouse were still running @CondeNastCorp he would fire Graydon Carter immediately- circulation tanking.
Thank you Arnold very nice. 
Will be doing Fox and Friends at 7 A.M. (in 20 minutes).
Thank you @JennPellegrino @OANN 
Was photo bombed yesterday by a wise guy when I left the set of @LateNightJimmy...
Sleepy eyes @chucktodd is an absolute joke of a reporter. He is in the bag for Obama. He can't carry @jack_welch's jock.
Can you believe that the builder of the failed ObamaCare website was just given a new government contract - how stupid is that - CLUELESS!!!
....Does anybody think this is fair? Even though there was no quid pro quo I’m sure they would like to try. Worse than the Dems!
Headline reads" Rubio passes Bush in Florida poll" -- Unfair because Trump destroys them both! Trump 31.5% Rubio 19.2% Bush 11.3%
I never did a day's work in my life. It was all fun. -- Thomas A. Edison
Now that the ObamaCare website contractor has been terminated for obvious incompetence is the person who hired them going to be fired?
These are something I just can't buy. Excited for the @usopen 
.@RNC leadership should not be afraid of a government shutdown. They should be afraid of not defunding ObamaCare.
Getting ready to make my speech at #KansasCaucus. A great honor! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Can you imagine what the outcry would be if @SnoopDogg failing career and all had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama? Jail time!
Thank you @SahilKapur for the wonderful story.   
It was an honor to welcome so many truckers and trucking industry leaders to the @WhiteHouse today! 
“There’s not one shred of evidence that President Trump has done anything wrong.” @GrahamLedger One America News.  So true a total Witch Hunt - All started illegally by Crooked Hillary Clinton the DNC and others!
On my way to Dayton Ohio. Will be there soon!
Mike Huckebee a great guy said the President should appoint me Treasury Secretary. China and OPEC would not be happy.
One of the best produced including the incredible stage &amp; set in the history of conventions. Great unity! Big T.V. ratings! @KarlRove
The United States must immediately institute strong travel restrictions or Ebola will be all over the United States-a plague like no other!
Despite the phony Witch Hunt going on in America the economic &amp; jobs numbers are great. Regulations way down jobs and enthusiasm way up!
Check out Gray Line's site for the Donald Trump Ride of Fame... 
In the end here nothing happened. We don’t approach anything like the egregious conduct that should be necessary before a President should be removed from office. I believe that a President can’t be removed from office if there is no reasonable possibility that the Senate..
From: @Newsmax_Media: "@realDonaldTrump: Public not Worried About @MittRomney's Tax Returns" 
.@PiersMorgan and @OMAROSA really hate each other. #CelebApprentice
Howard Stern will do a great job on @America'sGotTalent. He's very smart and really gets what talent is. @HowardStern
Honduras Mexico and many other countries that the U.S. is very generous to sends many of their people to our country through our WEAK IMMIGRATION POLICIES. Caravans are heading here. Must pass tough laws and build the WALL. Democrats allow open borders drugs and crime!
Our country has been unsuccessfully dealing with North Korea for 25 years giving billions of dollars &amp; getting nothing. Policy didn't work!
A year ago today a diplomat and 3 security operatives were abandoned by our government while they were under attack.  Never forget!
See the Ashley Judd ad by @karlrove and you will definitely vote for her and love Obama.
Clinton Foundation donations drop 42% - which shows that they illegally played the power game. They monetized their political influence through the Foundation. “During her tenure the State Department was put in the service of the Clinton Foundation.”  Andrew McCarthy
Hard to believe that with thousands of people from South of the Border walking unimpeded toward our country in the form of large Caravans that the Democrats won’t approve legislation that will allow laws for the protection of our country. Great Midterm issue for Republicans!
Big thanks to @David_Bossie @Citizens_United &amp; @AFPhq for hosting me at #NHFreedomSummit. Will be back to the Granite State soon!
Thank you Georgia! They say that my endorsement last week of Brian Kemp in the Republican Primary for Governor against a very worthy opponent lifted him from 5 points down to a 70% to 30% victory! Two very good and talented men in a great race but congratulations to Brian!
Sadly Vanity Fair is a rapidly dying magazine. Needs new blood--and fast! Going the way of SPY Magazine.
Obama says a WALL at our southern border won't enhance our security (wrong) and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall (fence) at W.H.
#ICYMI: @KarlRove &amp; @oreillyfactor discuss what Ted Cruz did to the great people of Iowa- as they went to vote. 
Please only respond by tweet @lawrence because like everyone else I don't watch your show.
...NFL attendance and ratings are WAY DOWN. Boring games yes but many stay away because they love our country. League should back U.S.
Tommy Tuberville (@TTuberville) is running for the U.S. Senate from the Great State of Alabama. Tommy was a terrific head football coach at Auburn University. He is a REAL LEADER who will never let MAGA/KAG or our Country down! Tommy will protect your Second Amendment....
It was my great HONOR to present our nation's highest award for a public safety officer - THE MEDAL OF VALOR to FIVE AMERICAN HEROES! 
I will be announcing my decision on Paris Accord Thursday at 3:00 P.M.  The White House Rose Garden.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Spelled @GiannoCaldwell!
Heading to the great state of Mississippi at the invitation of their popular and respected Governor @PhilBryantMS. Look forward to seeing the new Civil Rights Museum!
....has been asked to review these documents on an expedited basis. I believe he will move quickly on this (and hopefully other things which he is looking at). In the end I can always declassify if it proves necessary. Speed is very important to me - and everyone!
China just announce the there economy is growing much slower than anticipated because of our Trade War with them. They have just suspended U.S. Tariff Hikes. U.S. is doing very well. China wants to make a big and very comprehensive deal. It could happen and rather soon!
Word is that Crooked Hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in Pennsylvania. Perhaps it is because her husband signed NAFTA?
Join me live at 9:00 P.M. #JointAddress  
Just watched @SharkGregNorman on @foxandfriends. Said “President is doing a great job. All over the world people want to come back to the U.S.” Thank you Greg and you’re looking and doing great!
Thank you @Morning_Joe for throwing the pathetic reporter from the failing and money losing Daily Beast off the air. Really cool!
You don't necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal. -- The Art of the Deal
Why did Nervous Nancy allow corrupt politician Shifty Schiff to lie before Congress? He must be a Witness and so should she!
Dave Brubeck was great and will be missed!
Nancy Pelosi’s District in California has rapidly become one of the worst anywhere in the U.S. when it come to the homeless &amp; crime. It has gotten so bad so fast - she has lost total control and along with her equally incompetent governor Gavin Newsom it is a very sad sight!
Wow - Now experts are calling #Harvey a once in 500 year flood! We have an all out effort going and going well!
With 50 days until the election it is #TimeToGetTough for @MittRomney &amp; @GOP
Henry McMaster Lt. Governor of South Carolina who endorsed me beat failed @CNN announcer Bakari Sellers so badly. Funny!
The system is rigged. General Petraeus got in trouble for far less. Very very unfair! As usual bad judgment.
Very sad! 
Thank you Rhode Island! #Trump2016 
Kim Jong Un and North Korea tested 3 short range missiles over the last number of days. These missiles tests are not a violation of our signed Singapore agreement nor was there discussion of short range missiles when we shook hands. There may be a United Nations violation but..
Lets go Pennsylvania! #VoteTrump 
I.G. report out tomorrow. That will be the big story!
The Democrats are so focused on hurting the Republican Party and the President that they are unable to get anything done because of it including legislation on gun safety lowering of prescription drug prices infrastructure etc. So bad for our Country!
I hope A-Rod has a great night for the Yankees--he owes it to them--especially with Derek hurt.
Hey @POTUS - WE AGREE!#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
More great news as a result of historical Tax Cuts and Reform: Fiat Chrysler announces plan to invest more than $1 BILLION in Michigan plant relocating their heavy-truck production from Mexico to Michigan adding 2500 new jobs and paying $2000 bonus to U.S. employees! 
Most of the MS-13 Gang members indictedand &amp; arrested in L.A. were illegal aliens 19 of 22. They are said to have killed many people in the most brutal fashion. They should never have been allowed in our Country for so long 10 years. We have arrested and deported thousands.....
Via the Washington Post: Inside the World of Donald Trump's Super Fans: 
There is right now a full scale manhunt going on in California for an illegal immigrant accused of shooting and killing a police officer during a traffic stop. Time to get tough on Border Security. Build the Wall!
Raising the capital gains tax in this fragile economic time is the dumbest thing Washington could do.  So they will probably do it.
Today my Administration is launching the most sweeping action in history to lower the price of prescription drugs for the American People. We will have tougher negotiation more competition and much lower prices at the pharmacy counter! 
Paul Krugman is a lightweight thinker who doesn’t have a clue. Caused huge economic damage to his follower’s pocketbooks. He and others should be fired by @nytimes! 
Many people have asked recently "when do you sleep?"  The answer is -- not much.
Just arrived at the Pensacola Bay Center. Join me LIVE on @FoxNews in 10 minutes! #MAGA 
Thank you Colorado Springs. Get out &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16 in November! 
The Ground Zero Mosque should not go up where planned. It is wrong.  My offer still stands to buy the property.  Good deal for everyone.
So funny that The New York Times &amp; The Washington Post got a Pulitzer Prize for their coverage (100% NEGATIVE and FAKE!) of Collusion with Russia - And there was No Collusion! So they were either duped or corrupt? In any event their prizes should be taken away by the Committee!
Trump promises special session to repeal Obamacare: 
.@jessebwatters is terrific at hosting on @FoxNews - he really gets it!
Ralph Northam will allow crime to be rampant in Virginia. He’s weak on crime weak on our GREAT VETS Anti-Second Amendment....
At the Old Post Office- 
Thank you! Facebook:   
Getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say "let's get ready to rumble"!
We mourn for the lives lost and we pray for the victims of the California Wildfires. I want to thank the Firefighters and First Responders for their incredible courage in the face of grave danger.... 
“This demonstrates the Robert Mueller and his partisans have no evidence not a whiff of collusion between Trump and the Russians. Russian project legal. Trump Tower meeting (son Don) perfectly legal. He wasn’t involved with hacking.”     Gregg Jarrett.  A total Witch Hunt!
I answered your questions in today's video... watch at 
Paul Krugman of @nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Anyone who has followed his “words of wisdom” has lost a great deal of money. Paul just concede the game say I was right and lets start a brand new game! 
President Obama played golf yesterday???
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing the close election the enthusiasm gap between Mitt &amp; Obama &amp; the fiscal cliff 
CBS reports that in the Roger Stone indictment data was “released during the 2016 Election to damage Hillary Clinton.” Oh really! What about the Fake and Unverified “Dossier” a total phony conjob that was paid for by Crooked Hillary to damage me and the Trump Campaign? What...
Will be in Minnesota on Thursday night. Massive response crowd and enthusiasm (actually all over the Country) will be beyond belief! Same thing in Louisiana on Friday. Big and Bold USA!
Don't worry West Coast etc. we are not going to tweet who was fired or give any indication there of until after it airs. #CelebApprentice
“President Trump would be negligent if he did not bring this matter Biden up. If the V.P. of the U.S. is self enriching &amp; engaged in criminal behavior at a minimum corrupt behavior it ought to be looked at.” Peter Schweizer author “Secret Empires.” @marklevinshow
Great financial numbers being announced on an almost daily basis. Economy has never been better jobs at best point in history. Fixing our terrible Trade Deals is a priority-and going very well. Immigration on Merit Based System to take care of the companies coming back to U.S.A.
Lord grant that I may always desire more than I can accomplish. - Michelangelo
Video in honor of the 100th Anniversary  of the Anti-Defamation League (ADL):  “Imagine a World Without Hate” 
I am pleased to announce that I will be nominating The Honorable William P. Barr for the position of Attorney General of the United States. As the former AG for George H.W. Bush....
Wow! Just got word that our June 18th Tuesday ANNOUNCEMENT in Orlando Florida already has 74000 requests for a 20000 seat Arena. With all of the big events that we have done this tickets looks to be the “hottest” of them all. See you in Florida!
Tune in at  and get the word out #BigLeagueTruth #Debate Help us spread the TRUTH stop the… 
So they caught Fake News CNN cold but what about NBC CBS &amp; ABC? What about the failing @nytimes &amp; @washingtonpost? They are all Fake News!
Some of the best Economic Numbers our Country has ever experienced are happening right now. This is despite a Crooked and Demented Deep State and a probably illegal Democrat/Fake News Media Partnership the likes of which the world has never seen. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Consumer spending is continuing to fall with weak June numbers. @BarackObama's policies have created a climate (cont) 
If you have a hard time communicating one way to overcome it is to turn your focus onto your audience. - Midas Touch
Judge Jeanine Slams GOP Establishment:
Cory is doing a Great job for Colorado! 
I watched the last two minutes of the @dallasmavs game last night--- I just loved watching them lose.
....of which was squandered away or wasted never to be seen again. This is more than twice the amount given to Texas &amp; Florida combined. I know the people of Puerto Rico well and they are great. But much of their leadership is corrupt &amp; robbing the U.S. Government blind!
President Obama &amp; Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new? Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals!
I will be on @OutFrontCNN with @ErinBurnett at 7PM. Tune in!#Trump2016
Host of the 2017 U.S. Women's Open Trump Bedminster has been rated one of America's best golf courses.
The ratings for the Celebrity Apprentice were fantastic and everyone had a great time. It was a terrific season -- congrats to everyone!
Upon information and belief Iran or its proxies are planning a sneak attack on U.S. troops and/or assets in Iraq. If this happens Iran will pay a very heavy price indeed!
Strange--why didn't @BarackObama hold any special event to celebrate the 2 year anniversary of ObamaCare? 
.@megynkelly must have had a terrible vacation she is really off her game. Was afraid to confront Dr. Cornel West. No clue on immigration!
I'm helping the Serta Counting Sheep get back to work. Enter the contest  and win a trip to Las Vegas..
Donald Trump will keynote Oakland County Republicans' Lincoln Day dinner  via @MLive Record  crowd expected.
“Remember to keep going: if you stop your momentum will stop.” – Think Big

Good timing: @TraceAdkins won big for American Red Cross last night on @ApprenticeNBC. Now the Red Cross is in Oklahoma doing a great job.

His spending is reckless: @BarackObama will set a record fourth year of a $1 trillion budget deficit.   
Just arrived @NASKeyWest! Heading to a briefing with the Joint Interagency Task Force South NORTHCOM and SOUTHCOM. 
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. 
Great sportscaster Al Michaels a friend of mine played golf with me on Saturday morning at Trump National LA. He was in perfect shape!
I am soooo proud of my children Don Eric and Tiffany - their speeches under enormous pressure were incredible. Ivanka intros me tonight!
Guatemala Honduras &amp; El Salvador have all signed historic Asylum Cooperation Agreements and are working to end the scourge of human smuggling. To further accelerate this progress the U.S. will shortly be approving targeted assistance in the areas of law enforcement &amp; security.
“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” – Walt Disney
Scott Walker is 100% correct when he says that the Republicans must WAKE UP to the Democrats State by State power grab. They play very dirty actually like never before. Don’t allow them to get away with what they are doing!
Rand Paul or whoever votes against Hcare Bill will forever (future political campaigns) be known as "the Republican who saved ObamaCare."
Thank you Bangor Maine! Get out &amp; #VoteTrumpPence16 on 11/8/16- and together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT A… 
See Newsmax story re Republican National Convention  
When Senator @MarkWarnerVA spoke at length and in great detail about extremely negative information on me with a talented entertainer purporting to be a Russian Operative did he immediately call the FBI? NO in fact he didn’t even tell the Senate Intelligence Committee of....
“We already have a smocking gun about a campaign getting dirt on their opponent it was Hillary Clinton. How is it OK for Hillary Clinton to proactively seek dirt from the Russians but the Trump campaign met at the Russians request and that is bad?” Marc Thiessen Washington Post
My shirts ties and fragrance are doing "great" at @Macys--try them! Make fantastic gifts.
Via @DailyCaller by @AlexPappas: “Donald Trump Headed To Iowa Says Ebola Is Further Proof Of Obama's Incompetence” 
Rory Tiger Phil and Ernie will be fun to watch this weekend at Trump National Doral.
Have you been to the @TrumpGrill in the Trump Tower Atrium? Best meatloaf in the City--my mother's famous recipe. 212.836.3249
I'll be honored  at the Family Business Dynasties Gala in NYC on December 5th. It will be a great event for a great cause.
Mr. Pesident @BarackObama you cannot attack free enterprise and expect to have a healthy economy!
.@BarbaraJWalters   Barbara—get better fast &amp; stay healthy forever.
....ANY DIRECT EVIDENCE THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP DID ANYTHING IMPEACHABLE. No one heard him order a quid pro quo. No one offered a convincing reason why Trump’s interest in having Ukraine probe potential cortuption warrants Impeachment. “I want no Quid Pro Quo” Ambassador....
Iraq should be paying us while we fight ISIS. Give the money to the families of our brave soldiers.
Good things were stated on the call with China the other day. They are eating the Tariffs with the devaluation of their currency and “pouring” money into their system. The American consumer is fine with or without the September date but much good will come from the short.....
....his wife and father-in-law (who has the money?) off Scott Free. He lied for this outcome and should in my opinion serve a full and complete sentence.
I am convinced that sleepy eyes Chuck Todd was only a placeholder for someone else at Meet the Press. He bombed franchise in ruins! @nbc
Crazy Bernie has just entered the race. I wish him well!
I will be on @60Minutes tonight at 7:00 P.M. with Mike Pence talking about LAW AND ORDER and many other subjects! Bad times for divided USA!
Despite requests I have no plans to meet Iranian President Hassan Rouhani. Maybe someday in the future. I am sure he is an absolutely lovely man!
without retribution or consequence is WRONG! There will be a tax on our soon to be strong border of 35% for these companies ......
Universities will someday study what highly conflicted (and NOT Senate approved) Bob Mueller and his gang of Democrat thugs have done to destroy people. Why is he protecting Crooked Hillary Comey McCabe Lisa Page &amp; her lover Peter S and all of his friends on the other side?
The #WomenWhoWork campaign from @IvankaTrump   …
My plan will lower taxes for our country not raise them. Phony @club4growth says I will raise taxes—just another lie.
Manufacturers are being held back by the strong Dollar which is being propped up by the ridiculous policies of the Federal Reserve - Which has called interest rates and quantitative tightening wrong from the first days of Jay Powell!
Stock Market hit another all-time high yesterday - despite the Russian hoax story! Also jobs numbers are starting to look very good!
....of gang members in particular MS-13. Ice and Border Patrol are doing a great job!
I'm looking forward to the Super Bowl but looking even more forward to Monday night at 8:00 - best episode EVER of Celebrity Apprentice!
“Donald Trump: I’ve made up my mind on 2016”   via @msnbc by @janestreet
Don't assume you have to accept the hand you were dealt. – Think Like A Billionaire
Isn’t it amazing that @Macys paid a massive fine for profiling African Americans--&amp; then criticized me for discussing illegal immigration!
Obama’s war on women. “Number of Unemployed Women Increased in July by 227000” 
An ad hoc interview I filmed with a German journalist at Ground Zero hours after the attack 
Big Election Wins last night! The Republican Party will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Actually it is happening faster than anybody thought possible! It is morphing into KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
I am pleased to inform you that THE BIG FIREWORKS after many years of not having any are coming back to beautiful Mount Rushmore in South Dakota. Great work @GovKristiNoem and @SecBernhardt! #MAGA
Golf Odyssey one of golf's most respected publications just named Trump International Golf Links Scotland "golf course of the year"
It was announced today by the U.S. Treasury that additional large scale Sanctions would be added to those already existing Sanctions on North Korea. I have today ordered the withdrawal of those additional Sanctions!
Landing shortly in Montoursville Pennsylvania - see everyone shortly! 
Can’t fool Americans. 57% of uninsured hate ObamaCare  Reality is less will be insured b/c of this monstrosity.
Just landed from Paris France. It was an incredible visit with President @EmmanuelMacron. A lot discussed and accomplished in two days!
Congratulations to Prime Minister Abe of Japan for hosting such a fantastic and well run G-20. There wasn’t a thing that was missing or a mistake that was made. PERFECT! The people of Japan must be very proud of their Prime Minister.
Gov. Gary Johnson pulling votes from @MittRomney--Don't waste your vote. Obama must go!
.@MarkBurnettTV and his incredible wife @RealRomaDowney did a fabulous movie @SonofGodMovie- see it!
Join me in Colorado at 12pm tomorrow - or Arizona at 3pm!TICKETS:Golden:  
Thanks Linda but they were really good last night! 
My rallies are not covered properly by the media. They never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm.
....a man who is considered by many to be the President with the most successful first two years in history especially when he has done nothing wrong and impeachment is for “high crimes and misdemeanors”?
...I am hopeful Congress will engage with my Team to pass meaningful legislation that will make a real difference and most importantly Save Lives!
The biggest business people have used the bankruptcy laws to their advantage-Warren B Icahn Kravis and this week John Paulson-for haters!
Thank you to the great @JimBrownNFL32 perhaps the greatest running back of all time for your wonderful words and support. Since our meeting in New York African-American UNEMPLOYMENT has reached the LOWEST LEVEL IN HISTORY. You get it!
Our Great Farmers know how important it is to win on Trade. They will be the big winners!

I will be on @piersmorganlive tonight at 9PM. 
All the Do Nothing Democrats are focused on is Impeaching the President for having a very good conversation with the Ukrainian President. I knew that many people were listening even have a transcript. They have been at this “stuff” from the day I got elected. Bad for Country!
 
Great news! Thank you Governor Ralph DLG Torres! #Trump2016  
Why is it that when Warren Buffett uses the bankruptcy laws to his benefit nobody cares but with me they go nuts!
In my speech on protecting America I spoke about a temporary ban which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to Islamic terror.
Thank you Abingdon Virginia! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
“President Donald J. Trump is the greatest hostage negotiator that I know of in the history of the United States. 20 hostages many in impossible circumstances have been released in last two years. No money was paid.” Cheif Hostage Negotiator USA!
JOBS JOBS JOBS!!! 
True America is rapidly losing it's SPIRIT and when that's gone we will only be going in one direction - and that direction is down!
Imagine how much stronger economic shape we would be in if we made the Iraqi government agree to a cost-sharing (cont)  20:54:44,72,10,false,174960819795267584TwitLonger Beta,Imagine how much money the average American would save if we busted the OPEC cartel." (cont) 
Just released that international gangs are all over our cities. This will end when I am President!
Congratulations to @FLGovScott on getting an "A" grade from @CatoInstitute on his fiscal policy. Rick is a fantastic governor.
Thank you Macon Georgia! Get out on Tuesday November 6th and VOTE for @BrianKempGA as your next Governor to protect your jobs defend your borders fight for your values and continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Tomorrow on the @MissUniverse Facebook page submit your final question for the contestants- 
#MidasTouch is divided into five sections. The second is the index finger which represents Focus- 
AMERICA FIRST!
Third quarter GDP was lowered to 2% . There won't be any economic recovery until @BarackObama is defeated.
Still waiting to hear from @billmaher. Every day he dodges me is one less day that $5M is being used for charity.
Ron Fournier: "Clinton Used Secret Server To Protect #CircleOfEnrichment”
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
Our trade deficit is still on pace to be over $500B.  This is killing our manufacturing sector and sending jobs overseas.
Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee
Don't miss my Fabulous World of Golf now in its second season on Golf Channel beginning tonight at 9 pm ET 
....This makes Nervous Nancy every bit as guilty as Liddle’ Adam Schiff for High Crimes and Misdemeanors and even Treason. I guess that means that they along with all of those that evilly “Colluded” with them must all be immediately Impeached!
News conference on the USMCA this morning at 11:00 - Rose Garden of White House.
Temperature at record lows in many parts of the country. 50 degrees below zero with wind chill in large area. Global warming folks iced in!
Great! 
We are on the losing side of almost all trade deals. Our friends and enemies have taken advantage of the U.S. for many years. Our Steel and Aluminum industries are dead. Sorry it’s time for a change! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
REMEMBER THE MIDTERMS!
Just arrived in Indianapolis Indiana to make an announcement on #TaxReform! Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
The NRA strongly endorses Luther Strange for Senator of Alabama.That means all gun owners should vote for Big Luther. He won't let you down!
via   Donald Trump announces launch of his first Indian project in Pune 
Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to think fast on his "no reason to be alarmed" statement. MSM is working hard to sell it!
Looking at this strongly! 
“Do what you can with what you have where you are.” - Theodore Roosevelt
It is the only thing the Do Nothing Dems are doing! 
Our airports are Third World--horrible. Let's rebuild them by people who know how to do it--inexpensively.
The Fed should get smart &amp;  lower the Rate to make our interest competitive with other Countries which pay much lower even though we are by far the high standard. We would then focus on paying off &amp; refinancing debt! There is almost no inflation-this is the time (2 years late)!
Looks like plane may have been found in the Indian Ocean off the coast of Australia.
#Trump2016 #IACaucus Finder: 
.@club4growth should release the letter they sent me asking for $1000000. When I said no they came out against me. A scam operation?
Just put in ad for a real estate executive: “Hard work low pay mean boss!”
....far safer and much less expensive. Many more cars will be produced under the new and uniform standard meaning significantly more JOBS JOBS JOBS! Automakers should seize this opportunity because without this alternative to California you will be out of business.
Today we gathered in the Roosevelt Room for one single reason: to CUT THE RED TAPE! For many decades an ever-growing maze of regs rules and restrictions has cost our country trillions of dollars millions of jobs countless American factories &amp; devastated entire industries. 
......MAKE FRANCE GREAT AGAIN!
My #GOPDebate @facebook question for the other candidates- 
#FakeWhistleblower
Leaving South Korea after a wonderful meeting with Chairman Kim Jong Un. Stood on the soil of North Korea an important statement for all and a great honor!
We are breaking all Jobs and Economic Records but importantly our Country has TREMENDOUS FUTURE POTENTIAL. We have just begun!
Thanks.  
The Fake News Media loves the narrative that I didn’t use many banks because the banks didn’t like me. No I didn’t use many banks because I didn’t (don’t) need their money (old fashioned isn’t it?). If I did it would have been very easy for me to get.
Kevin Corke @FoxNews “Don’t forget Michael Cohen has already been convicted of perjury and fraud and as recently as this week the Wall Street Journal has suggested that he may have stolen tens of thousands of dollars....”  Lying to reduce his jail time! Watch father-in-law!
Isn’t it ironic that President Obama of all people is pushing for ‘universal background checks?!'
Dummy goAngelo keep letting people know how great my shirts ties and cufflinks (also Success) are at Macy's.The BEST-now everyone's aware!
My thoughts prayers and condolences are with the families friends and colleagues of the two @GCSOFlorida deputies (HEROES) who lost their lives in the line of duty today.
Great news I’m now leading in most polls w/ new CNN poll also having me #1. NBC I am #1 in NH by a lot #2 in Iowa close &amp; gaining.
My 757 is incredible-I think the teams agree on that.
The "Intelligence" briefing on so-called "Russian hacking" was delayed until Friday perhaps more time needed to build a case. Very strange!
I have asked Steve Daines our great Republican Senator from Montana to attend his daughter Annie’s wedding rather than coming to today’s vote. Steve was ready to do whatever he had to but we had the necessary number. To the Daines Family congratulations-have a wonderful day!
In 2008 @BarackObama campaigned against $3.50 gas        It is now $6 in Florida and on the rise. He is a disaster!
To all of those who asked I predicted two weeks ago and again last night that Dwight Howard would go to Houston.Do I get congrats-insight?
Watch – Obama in 2006: “I’ve stolen ideas from Jonathan Gruber”   And now Obama claims he is 'just some adviser.'
Thank you to House Republicans for being tough smart and understanding in detail the greatest Witch Hunt in American History. It has been going on since long before I even got Elected (the Insurance Policy!). A total Scam!
The only crimes in the Impeachment Hoax were committed by Shifty Adam Schiff when he totally made up my phone conversation with the Ukrainian President and read it to Congress together with numerous others on Shifty’s side. Schiff should be Impeached and worse!
“Courage is being scared to death but saddling up anyway.”- John Wayne
My @Shalom_TV interview discussing my video endorsement of @IsraeliPM @netanyahu and past visits to @Israel 
Large Block Grants to States is a good thing to do. Better control &amp;  management. Great for Arizona. McCain let his best friend L.G. down!
Does the so-called “Senior Administration Official” really exist or is it just the Failing New York Times with another phony source? If the GUTLESS anonymous person does indeed exist the Times must for National Security purposes turn him/her over to government at once!
...everyone how much he likes me but he will only vote with Nancy Pelosi. Keith is strong on borders and tough on crime — and loves cutting taxes! #MAGA
Australia New Zealand and more. I am always available to them. @nytimes is just upset that they looked like fools in their coverage of me.
.@BenFergusonShow just watched you on @CNN. Thank you for your nice comments.
Once again #MSM is dishonest. "Schlonged" is not vulgar. When I said Hillary got "schlonged" that meant beaten badly.
Despite winning the second debate in a landslide (every poll) it is hard to do well when Paul Ryan and others give zero support!
The new season of the Celebrity Apprentice is off to a great start-- last night it swept the 10 p.m. hour in every key demographic.

Thank you to @jdickerson and @FaceTheNation for a very fair and professional interview this morning. No wonder you are #1 in the ratings!
Thank you Tennessee! 
I pick the best locations- @Trump_Charlotte has incredible views of beautiful Lake Norman. 
Join me in Charleston WV - tomorrow! 
While CNN doesn’t do great in the United States based on ratings outside of the U.S. they have very little competition. Throughout the world CNN has a powerful voice portraying the United States in an unfair....
Our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before. Frankly we have no choice!
Gov. @BobbyJindal referred to the Republicans as “the stupid party”. Now he has given Dems a phrase to use.
Today we announced vital new actions that we are taking to help former inmates find a job live a crime-free life and succeed beyond their dreams....
Senator Lindsey Graham called me yesterday very much to my surprise and we had a very interesting talk about national security and more!
Whatever you are doing right now make sure to stop for a minute focus and ask yourself “Am I thinking BIG?”
“The Exclusive @Ami_Magazine Poll What Orthodox Jews really think about President Trump” @JakeTurx  
I’ve been waiting all weekend. Democrats must get to work now. Border must be secured!
Via @TVGrapevine: “@ApprenticeNBC: Premieres Sunday January 4 2015”  
Vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
My @gretawire interview from last Friday discussing the unemployment numbers gas prices and acquiring the Doral 
.@megynkelly   Sorry there was only one "breakout star" this weekend in New Hampshire. Just check out the local New Hampshire media!
Who would  you rather have negotiating with Iran--President Obama or Toronto Mayor Ford? My money is on Ford.
HAPPY EASTER - HAVE A GREAT DAY!
What Bernie Sanders really thinks of Crooked Hillary Clinton. 
Also The Donald J. Trump Signature mattress from SERTA is doing record business-call Serta and see why!
Isn't it terrible that @megynkelly used a poll not used before (I.B.D.) when I was down but refuses to use it now when I am up?
Crooked Hillary is spending big Wall Street money on ads saying I don't have foreign policy experience yet look what her policies have done
One of the many reasons that @VattenfallGroup dropped out of windfarm project—they couldn’t solve military radar defense problems
Great honor to have @GOP General Counsel #JohnRyder as a Trump delegate in TN. RNC meeting well worth it! Unifying the party!
Heading to North Dakota to fully stand with and endorse Kevin Cramer for Senate. He is an extraordinary Congressman who will hopefully soon represent this great state as your Senator. He is tough on crime strong on borders loves our Military and our Vets! #NDSen 
Just received a copy of @SarahPalinUSA new book -- a great read! Sarah is a terrific person.
2013 is the worst year ever for Hollywood. Garbage released after garbage. What is going on in these studios?!
I am happy to see the majority of the GOP candidates agree with me that the tax code must be simplified and the rates dropped.
.@FreeJesseJames- Just read your complete statement. You are an amazing guy &amp; I really appreciate your words &amp; support. I will see you soon!
Over 2 million people have lost their jobs since @BarackObama became POTUS. How many of them still have healthcare?
Highly respected Constitutional law professor Mary Brigid McManamon has just stated "Ted Cruz is not eligible to be President." Big problem
This guy @sethmeyers can’t do a simple interview—saw him the other night stumbling &amp; mumbling while trying to interview a guest.
Congratulations to @Yankees Derek Jeter on being named to 2014 @MLB @AllStarGame!
Happy Birthday Sean! 
Via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1: “EXCLUSIVE — DONALD TRUMP TO SPEAK AT CPAC”  @CPACnews
Great work @AtlasAirWW thank you! 
The Washington Times “Ukraine envoy blows ‘massive hole’ into Democrat accusations. Republicans at hearing find no Trump Pressure.” The Ukrainian President also strongly stated that NO pressure was put on him. Case Closed!
Dishonest reporters knowingly write lies that I said “children should not get vaccinated.” I believe fully (cont) 
Some day when things calm down I'll tell the real story of @JoeNBC and his very insecure long-time girlfriend @morningmika. Two clowns!
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.  -- Wayne Gretzky
H1-B holders in the United States can rest assured that changes are soon coming which will bring both simplicity and certainty to your stay including a potential path to citizenship. We want to encourage talented and highly skilled people to pursue career options in the U.S.
We will continue to follow developments in Charlottesville and will provide whatever assistance is needed. We are ready willing and able. 
Hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!
The Republicans must use the debt ceiling as leverage to make a great deal!
If the E.U. wants to further increase their already massive tariffs and barriers on U.S. companies doing business there we will simply apply a Tax on their Cars which freely pour into the U.S. They make it impossible for our cars (and more) to sell there. Big trade imbalance!
Jeb Bush has a photoshopped photo for an ad which gives him a black left hand and much different looking body. Jeb just can't get it right!

.@aaronschock  Aaron it was great to meet you at Trump Tower. Also really good job on television!
“Age is whatever you think it is. You are as old as you think you are.” - @MuhammadAli

95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
84% of US troops wounded &amp; 70% of our brave men &amp; women killed in Afghanistan have all come under Obama. Time to get out of there.
Tomorrow’s election will have historic repercussions for our country.  Make America strong again.  Vote for @MittRomney.
Tom Brady would have won if he was throwing a soccer ball. He is my friend and a total winner! @Patriots
How dumb is our president to send thousands of poorly trained and ill-equipped soldiers over to West Africa to fight Ebola. Stop all flights
Inconceivable that the government would break into a lawyer’s office (early in the morning) - almost unheard of. Even more inconceivable that a lawyer would tape a client - totally unheard of &amp; perhaps illegal. The good news is that your favorite President did nothing wrong!
Does anybody think that @CNBC will get their fictitious  polling numbers corrected sometime prior to the start of the debate. Sad!
Why isn’t the FBI giving Andrew McCabe text messages  to Judicial Watch or appropriate governmental authorities. FBI said they won’t give up even one (I may have to get involved DO NOT DESTROY). What are they hiding? McCabe wife took big campaign dollars from Hillary people.....
Via @thehill: "Trump warns GOP moving too fast on immigration reform"   by @JonEasley
I have just authorized a doubling of Tariffs on Steel and Aluminum with respect to Turkey as their currency the Turkish Lira slides rapidly downward against our very strong Dollar! Aluminum will now be 20% and Steel 50%. Our relations with Turkey are not good at this time!
Jeanne Shaheen was the deciding vote for ObamaCare. Premiums have skyrocketed 90% for New Hampshire. Send @SenScottBrown to the Senate!
In August 2012 Obama said the so called Arab Spring sprung from 'joyful longing for human freedom'    Good call!
‘Must Act Immediately’: Clinton Charity Lawyer Told Execs They Were Breaking The 
....misleading in that I personally spent only a small fraction of that time doing interviews. I do have a few other things to do you know!). Think I will do many more Network Interviews as I did in 2016 in order to get the word out that no President has done what I have in...
Congressman @DaveBratVA7th is a fighter who is doing a great job for Virginia and for our Country. Border Military Vets 2nd Amendment and all else. We need Dave in D.C. He has my Strong Endorsement!
Median household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go further down under Clinton.
I was not pleased with the way that Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher’s trial was handled by the Navy. He was treated very badly but despite this was completely exonerated on all major charges. I then restored Eddie’s rank. Likewise large cost overruns from past administration’s.....
I am starting to think that there is something seriously wrong with President Obama's mental health. Why won't he stop the flights. Psycho!
Everybody wants to see and talk to Dennis Rodman - he will be on Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9.
The Caravans are a disgrace to the Democrat Party. Change the immigration laws NOW!
It’s amazing that people can say such bad things about me but if I say bad things about them it becomes a national incident.
Unbeknownst to almost everyone the major Taliban leaders and separately the President of Afghanistan were going to secretly meet with me at Camp David on Sunday. They were coming to the United States tonight. Unfortunately in order to build false leverage they admitted to..
Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today --- she said nothing but old news!
Obama's foreign policy is a complete and total disaster--the worst President we have ever had.
.@MacMiller has over 79M hits on YouTube &amp; just hit platinum with his Donald Trump song—screw you Mac!
Iran never won a war but never lost a negotiation!
I am attracting the biggest crowds by far and the best poll numbers also by far.   Much of the media is totally dishonest. So sad!
President Obama - close down the flights from Ebola infected areas right now before it is too late! What the hell is wrong with you?
The Democrats seem intent on having people and drugs pour into our country from the Southern Border risking thousands of lives in the process. It is my duty to protect the lives and safety of all Americans. We must build a Great Wall think Merit and end Lottery &amp; Chain. USA!
China's Communist Party has now publicly praised Obama's reelection.  They have never had it so good.  Will own America soon.
Great debate poll numbers - I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 to discuss. Enjoy!
Crooked Hillary launched her political career by letting terrorists off the hook. #DrainTheSwamp… 
.@SteveHiltonx  “This is President Trump trying to deliver on his promises while the bureaucratic machine fights his agenda. He needs populist allies. These changes are not chaos but rather progress. All this is President Trump at his absolute best.” Thank you Steve!
Melania and I look forward to being with President Xi &amp; Madame Peng Liyuan in China in two weeks for what will hopefully be a historic trip! 
.@mcuban is so short off the tee he can't have much of a punch. He's just a weak man with a big mouth!
I endorsed Luther Strange in the Alabama Primary. He shot way up in the polls but it wasn’t enough. Can’t let Schumer/Pelosi win this race. Liberal Jones would be BAD!
Obama’s rollout of his ISIS war plan is another unmitigated disaster. The Generals must be furious.
Thank you Jacob! 
Wonderful account of U.S. Embassy (Iraq) vs. the Benghazi disaster! 
The story by Axios that President Trump wanted to blow up large hurricanes with nuclear weapons prior to reaching shore is ridiculous. I never said this. Just more FAKE NEWS!
Congratulations to @DLoesch on the release of her great new book #HandsOffMyGun! Check out @TheBlazeBooks excerpt 
More and more people are suggesting that Republicans (and me) should be given Equal Time on T.V. when you look at the one-sided coverage?
“It was just a congenial phone call but its become so big. I’ve never seen the Media work so hard with so little.” @greggutfeld @FoxNews  Witch Hunt!
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is fighting with @NYGovCuomo –Cuomo wins that one easily. Schneiderman is a total loser.
I am grateful to be here today w/ Members of the House &amp; Senate who have poured their time heart and energy into the crucial issue of Prison Reform. Working together w/ my Admin over the last two years these members have reached a bipartisan agreement...
A big deal looking good with Mexico!
When ISIS caught the soldiers do you think they read them their legal rights prior to executing them?
I can't believe Republican leadership allowed such a stupid deal to be made. They are rapidly giving up all of their cards.
Check this out - TRUTH! 
Heading to Phoneix. Will be arriving soon. Tomorrow a big day. Tremendous crowds expected! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Big protest march in Colorado on Friday afternoon! Don't let the bosses take your vote!
Very sadly Murder cases in Mexico in 2018 rose 33% from 2017 to 33341. This is a big contributor to the Humanitarian Crises taking place on our Southern Border and then spreading throughout our Country. Worse even than Afghanistan. Much caused by DRUGS. Wall is being built!
Wow--tremendous victory in the Trump University case against lightweight @AGSchneiderman--just got the news!
Great purchase in Ireland--- will be a top spot! 
The economy of the United States is stronger than ever before!
Great that Pres. O is seeing @MittRomney today—lots of good things can happen.
Remember the golden rule of negotiating: He who has the gold makes the rules.
Just left $259 million rebuilding of Doral in Miami. Amazing - Trump National Doral will be a masterpiece (if I do say so myself)!
Interesting poll in Texas-13! #TX13 
Snowden is sitting in China and taunting the U.S. He is mocking us as a Country. Great time to place a tax on China trade if not turned over
Big Supreme Court win on internet sales tax - about time! Big victory for fairness and for our country. Great victory for consumers and retailers.
....President Trump deserves a lot of credit but again you have the anti-Trump people who are not going to give him a lot of credit.”
Just leaving Salt Lake City Utah- fantastic crowd with no interruptions. Love Utah- will be back!
Phoenix Convention Center officials did not want to have thousands of people standing outside in the heat so they let them in. A GREAT day!
....mount some kind of public pressure to demand witnesses but McConnell has the votes and he can run this trial anyway he wants to. @brithume @foxandfriends
You can have the best product in the world but if people don't know about it it's not going to be worth much. - The Art of the Deal
Another @BarackObama green car loan recipient is laying off staff.   How many billions of our money has he wasted?
Food stamps up 45%. Federal handouts up 45%. Is @BarackObama happy? 
Just arrived in Italy after having a very successful NATO meeting in Brussels. Told other nations they must pay more not fair to  U.S.
....adds up to the most ambitious Pro-Worker policy agenda this Country has ever seen. The President promised Jobs Jobs Jobs and that is exactly what he is delivering.” @SteveHiltonx @NextRevFNC @FoxNews
Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS or whatever she has been doing for years. Now she has new ideas. It is time for change.
What a great evening! 
Obama and the Democrats are laughing at the deal they just made...the Republicans got nothing!
Congratulations to @serenawilliams on her superb @usopen win.  She is terrific!
Congressman Brian @Babin4Congress of Texas has been a strong supporter of our #MAGA Agenda. He is strong on the Second Amendment and Securing our Border he Loves our Great Vets and Military. Brian has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
So we can spy on our ally’s leaders but can’t water board terrorists?
In today's #trumpvlog @RepWeiner the Secret Service and Dick Clark..... 
Departing NH now- great morning with record crowd in Portsmouth- in a snow storm! Thank you!  
Ted Cruz attacked New Yorkers and New York values- we don't forget! 
Who thinks that President Obama is totally incompetent?
My exclusive @WSOC_TV interview with @BlairMiller9 discussing Trump National North Carolina &amp; future deals 
They are trying to stop ME because I am fighting for YOU! 
I want to express my gratitude to America’s magnificent @FLOTUS for tonight’s exquisite evening where we celebrated more than a century of loyal and devoted friendship between🇺🇸🇦🇺Both of our nations are blessed by uncommon courage unfailing commitment and unyielding character! 
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney was campaigning with John Kasich &amp; Marco Rubio and now he is endorsing Ted Cruz. 1/2
There is great anger in our Country caused in part by inaccurate and even fraudulent reporting of the news. The Fake News Media the true Enemy of the People must stop the open &amp; obvious hostility &amp; report the news accurately &amp; fairly. That will do much to put out the flame...
A note from the fabulous Mark Burnett:  “Donald congratulations again we are #1 in the 10:00pm hour. I am tweeting about it.”
.@JustinRose99 Great playing today in the Scottish Open. I see our practice facility is helping—use it a lot!
I was saddened to learn of the recent passing of Bob Morgenthau a truly great man! Bob served as a Naval Officer in World War II was an extraordinary US Attorney Manhattan District Attorney and always a warrior for our Country that he loved so dearly....
Egypt is a total mess. We should have backed Mubarak instead of dropping him like a dog.
The two biggest opponents of ICE in America today are the Democratic Party and MS-13!
FALLOUT FROM IG'S SCATHING COMEY REPORT 
A low level staffer that I hardly knew named Cliff Sims wrote yet another boring book based on made up stories and fiction. He pretended to be an insider when in fact he was nothing more than a gofer. He signed a non-disclosure agreement. He is a mess!
Jeb Bush - “I am a conservative” = Barack Obama -“If you like your healthcare plan you can keep your plan.”
A very good question! 
At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is "no reason to be alarmed!"
64 stories of golden glass over the strip @TrumpLasVegas’ elite hotel rooms feature floor-to-ceiling windows 
“President Donald J. Trump is Following Through on His Promise to Cut Burdensome Red Tape and Unleash the American Economy”Read more:  
Will Jerry Nadler ever look into the fact that Crooked Hillary deleted and acid washed 33000 emails AFTER getting a most powerful demand notice for them from Congress?
THANK YOU Atlanta Georgia! Leaving for Nevada now. Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!  
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious: Look at the solution not the problem.
The LameStream Media had a very bad week. They pushed numerous phony stories and got caught especially The Failing New York Times which has lost more money over the last 10 years than any paper in history and The Amazon Washington Post. They are The Enemy of the People!
WikiLeaks: 'Clinton-Kaine Even Lied About Timing of Veep Pick'
... People love to hear their names and their stories said out loud.” – Think Like a Billionaire
There has been a systematic targeting of the Tea Party by the Obama administration. Now Schneiderman goes after me. No coincidence.
My interview yesterday with @MyFoxNY  
Such a great family! 
...massive regulation cuts 36 new legislative bills signed great new S.C.Justice and Infrastructure Healthcare and Tax Cuts in works!
This cannot be the the Academy Awards #Oscars AWFUL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Another Fake News story out there - It never ends! Virtually anytime I speak on the phone to a foreign leader I understand that there may be many people listening from various U.S. agencies not to mention those from the other country itself. No problem!
Great job by @RepDougCollins of Georgia over the weekend in representing the Republican Party and myself against the Impeachment Hoax!
....Federal Government. A quarantine will not be necessary. Full details will be released by CDC tonight. Thank you!
.@TMobile  You service is absolutely terrible - get on the ball!  @JohnLegere
The point is: the Chinese are smart--they respond to economic pressure and they know they're not going to get (cont)  17:55:37,38,3,false,164768883641823232TwitLonger Beta,America became a powerhouse because of our deep belief in the virtue of self-reliance." #TimeToGetTough (cont) 
Randy Moss said he was the greatest receiver of all time—no way—it was @JerryRice!
Thank you to @Franklin_Graham. I have always appreciated your courage but now more so than ever!
Friday’s tour showed vividly to politicians and the media how well run and clean the children’s detention centers are. Great reviews! Failing @nytimes story was FAKE! The adult single men areas were clean but crowded - also loaded up with a big percentage of criminals......
Hopefully all supporters and those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN will go to D.C. on January 20th. It will be a GREAT SHOW!
52% Approval Rating 93% in Republican Party ( a record )! Pretty amazing considering that 93% (also) of my press is REALLY BAD. The “people” are SMART!
Obama/Reid/Nunn's failed economic policies are not working. @PerdueSenate will bring fresh perspective to solving problems. #GASen
Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance.-- Samuel Johnson
AMERICA IS RESPECTED AGAIN!
Amazing analysis &amp; reporting! 
Just arrived in Youngstown Ohio with @FLOTUS Melania!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸🎥 
“Bruce Ohr is at the center of FALSE ALLEGATIONS which led to a multi-million dollar investigation into what apparently didn’t happen.” Darrell Issa House Oversight. We can take out the word “apparently.”  @FoxNews
Other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses the party is VERY united. Great love in the arena!
A big and beautiful day today!
If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people the Cuban/American people and the U.S. as a whole I will terminate deal.
My @gretawire interview on @FoxNewsInsider “Trump: 'Last Person I'd Want Negotiating for Me Is Obama'” 
I want 5G and even 6G technology in the United States as soon as possible. It is far more powerful faster and smarter than the current standard. American companies must step up their efforts or get left behind. There is no reason that we should be lagging behind on.........
We are either going to have a REAL DEAL with China or no deal at all - at which point we will be charging major Tariffs against Chinese product being shipped into the United States. Ultimately I believe we will be making a deal - either now or into the future....
....be put in use IMMEDIATELY. PEOPLE ARE DYING MOVE FAST and GOD BLESS EVERYONE! @US_FDA @SteveFDA @CDCgov @DHSgov
....Then on top of it all Kathleen Parker of all people wrote “In Case You Were Wondering Trump Won The Debate.” True but what is going on at the @washingtonpost? NOT Fake News!
Perhaps a new meeting will be set up with the @nytimes. In the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone!
.@oreillyfactor  Please correct I WON Virginia!
“I’ve been skeptical about the collusion and obstruction claims for the last year. I just don’t see the evidence....in terms of the collusion it’s all a bit implausible based on the evidence we have.”  Jonathan Turley on @FoxNews
The terrorist who killed so many people in Germany said just before crime "by God's will we will slaughter you pigs I swear we will......
THANK YOU to all of the incredible volunteers behind the scenes in Iowa! #CaucusForTrump  
Prediction: The disaster known as ObamaCare will only get worse and Republicans will gain far greater power than they have had in years!
Understand that difficulties mistakes and setbacks are an inevitable part of business and life...But always look for the opportunities.
Any deaths of children or others at the Border are strictly the fault of the Democrats and their pathetic immigration policies that allow people to make the long trek thinking they can enter our country illegally. They can’t. If we had a Wall they wouldn’t even try! The two.....
Thank you @robertjeffress! 
We have millions in our country unemployed yet we are wasting millions arming Syrian ‘rebels.’ What is wrong with Washington?!
“The real victims here are the American people and the Constitution. The Constitution has been damaged by this ploy being used by Nancy Pelosi. This is a very bad time for the United States Constitution.”  @AlanDersh
about that...Those Intelligence chiefs made a mistake here &amp; when people make mistakes they should APOLOGIZE." Media should also apologize
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain#TrumpPence16 
.....American people are supposed to believe that this simply isn’t a part of everthing they’ve been trying to do for the last three years? I think it is really a hard sell for Nancy Pelosi.” @DanHenninger  The Wall Street Journal
I agree getting Tax Cuts approved  is important (we will also get HealthCare) but perhaps no Administration has done more in its first.....
A lot changed when David Letterman said " he was probably born in this country"--- the word probably is a total disaster for Obama.
#TBT @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump @EricTrump and I 20 years ago- 
Everyone should go see @HatingBreitbart.  Great documentary showcasing @AndrewBreitbart’s legacy.
John Foust is a liberal who supports ObamaCare and opposes Ebola travel ban. Send Conservative @BarbaraComstock to Congress!
“Don’t toss off your problems and don’t dwell on them either. Deal with them!” – Think Like a Champion
Congrats @LindseyGrahamSC. You just got 4 points in your home state of SC—far better than zero nationally. You’re only 26 pts behind me.
Thank you Indiana I love you!
What do we get from our economic competitor South Korea for the tremendous cost of protecting them from North Korea? - NOTHING!
..Breaking News: The Ukrainian Government just said they weren’t pressured at all during the “nice” call. Sleepy Joe Biden on the other hand forced a tough prosecutor out from investigating his son’s company by threat of not giving big dollars to Ukraine. That’s the real story!
Don't talk to me about Bush I was never a defender or a fan!
Just started tonight our 7th FBI investigation of Judge Brett Kavanaugh. He will someday be recognized as a truly great Justice of The United States Supreme Court!
“The risk of a wrong decision is preferable to the terror of indecision.” – Maimonides
I can't believe the Yankees continue to pay A Rod - they have a perfect right to stop paying (and should have stopped a long time ago).
Join me at 4pm over at the Lincoln Memorial with my family!#Inauguration2017 
Just the beginning &amp; it is going to get worse. Rates &amp; deductibles are so high nobody is going to be able to use it. 
.@mercedesschlapp thank you so much for your kind words on television -- fantastic job and greatly appreciated!
Go as far as you can see; when you get there you'll be able to see farther. -- J.P. Morgan
Thank you @SenOrrinHatch. Let’s continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
“While Steele shopped the document to multiple media outlets he also asked for help with a RUSSIAN Oligarch.”  Catherine Herridge of @FoxNews  @LouDobbs  In other words they were colluding with Russia!
This week’s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC features another memorable Board Room rumble between @piersmorgan &amp; @OMAROSA.
My interview with @ThisWeekABC w/@GStephanopoulos destroyed all Sunday competition w/ 2.52M total viewers…that’s why they want me on!
Can you imagine if @billmaher said about Obama what he said about me (orangutan etc)—the press would run him out of the country...
They should have got Darrell Hammond as the Donald Trump impersonator. #CelebApprentice
Finally Mainstream Media is getting involved - too “hot” to avoid. Pulitzer Prize anyone? The New York Times on front page (finally) “Details effort to spy on Trump Campaign.” @foxandfriends  This is bigger than WATERGATE but the reverse!
Military spouses share an admirable legacy of unwavering devotion to their loved ones in uniform and to the cause of freedom. On Military Spouse Day we honor our Nation’s military spouses and express our deep appreciation for all that they do! 
Designed by @IvankaTrump @TrumpDoral’s New Villa Deluxe Guestrooms include vintage artwork of golf legends 
Thank you Senator @ChuckGrassley! #
Sorry to hear of yesterday’s passing of General Norman Schwarzkopf.  He was a terrific general and leader--we could use more like him.
The Democrats when they incorrectly thought they were going to win asked that the election night tabulation be accepted. Not so anymore!
Liberal press won't look into why Obama ignored security warnings for embassies but is obsessed with Romney's private comments.
Rosie O’Donnell went after me again on The View in order to stir up her failing ratings. Nothing will help her--@Rosie always fails.

NY State Republican Party must unify or November will be another disaster.
Congratulations to @TitoOrtiz on tonight’s huge WIN a Great American Patriot! 
Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats. This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI the Wendy Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails.
...sleazebag AG Eric Schneiderman who has since resigned over horrific women abuse when I wanted to close the Foundation so as not to be in conflict with politics. Shady Eric was head of New Yorkers for Clinton and refused to even look at the corrupt Clinton Foundation......
Doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 A.M. ENJOY!
“The Trump Administration has succeeded in dramatically raising the costs to Iran for its sinister behavior at no cost to the U.S. or our allies. That’s the definition of a foreign-policy achievement.” Bret Stephens @nytimes  We are getting stronger all over the world watch!
“Everyone knows there was a Spy and in fact the people who were involved in the Spying are admitting that there was a Spy...Widespread Spying involving multiple people.” Mollie Hemingway The Federalist Senior Editor  But the corrupt Mainstream Media hates this monster story!
We send our deepest condolences to Lou and the entire Barletta family - he has been working so hard despite this terrible situation for the people of Pennsylvania. Our thoughts and prayers are with you Lou!
Today it was my honor to sign #S2155 the "Economic Growth Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act.” Read more:  
The Federal Government is teaching citizens 'Financial Literacy' while it is running $16T in debt  Only in America!
Remember when failed candidate @JebBush said that illegals came across the border as AN ACT OF LOVE? He's spent $59 million and is at 3%.
So many people think I will not run for President.Wow I wonder what the response will be if I do. Even the haters and losers will be happy!
“Change can’t be measured in speeches.  It is measured in achievements.” -- @MittRomney yesterday in Fairfax VA.
To the three UCLA basketball players I say:  You're welcome go out and give a big Thank You to President Xi Jinping of China who made.....
Spent full day with contractors at Trump National Doral - it will be amazing! 
Congrats to @mboyle1 of @BreitbartNews  for exposing Jason Linkins of @HuffingtonPost as a lightweight dope who gives false information.
Yesterday @BarackObama actually spent a full day in Washington. He didn't campaign fund raise or play golf. Shocking.
The Democrats are not doing what’s right for our country. I will not rest until we have secured our borders and restored the rule of law! 
Much can be done with the $1.6 Billion given to building and fixing the border wall. It is just a down payment. Work will start immediately. The rest of the money will come - and remember DACA the Democrats abandoned you (but we will not)!
Border Patrol and Law Enforcement has apprehended (captured) large numbers of illegal immigrants at the Border. They won’t be coming into the U.S. The Wall is being built and will greatly help us in the future and now!
If a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the NFLor other leagues he or she should not be allowed to disrespect....
You just can’t win with the Fake News Media. A big story today is that because I have pushed so hard and gotten Gasoline Prices so low more people are driving and I have caused traffic jams throughout our Great Nation. Sorry everyone!
Wow- no longer Saturday delivery from U.S. Postal Service- no money- our poor poor Country!
Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez said in a television interview that aired on Sunday "If I were American I'd vote for Obama."
I have long heard that the most important decision a U.S. President can make is the selection of a Supreme Court Justice - Will be announced tonight at 9:00 P.M.
The failing @nytimes wrote a story about my management style &amp; that I don't have many people. I have 73 Hillary has 800- &amp; I'm beating her.
A must watch: Legal Scholar Alan Dershowitz was just on @foxandfriends talking of what is going on with respect to the greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. political history. Enjoy!
I will be making a public statement tomorrow at 12:00pm from the @WhiteHouse to discuss our Country’s VICTORY on the Impeachment Hoax!
If I run and if I win our country will be great again. - last line of my @SRQRepublicans speech
Kevin Stitt ran a great winning campaign against a very tough opponent in Oklahoma. Kevin is a very successful businessman who will be a fantastic Governor. He is strong on Crime &amp; Borders the 2nd Amendment &amp; loves our Military &amp; Vets. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
.@FoxNews you should be ashamed of yourself. I got you the highest debate ratings in your history &amp; you say nothing but bad...
Via @ConcordNHPatch by @politizine: “Trump: 'We'll Make America Great Again'” 
... Also if they’re at home who the hell knows what they’re doing (a second job maybe).
I can't believe we are not asking South Korea for anything. They make a fortune on us while we spend a fortune defending them-how stupid!
....Russia Iran Syria &amp; many others are not happy about the U.S. leaving despite what the Fake News says because now they will have to fight ISIS and others who they hate without us. I am building by far the most powerful military in the world. ISIS hits us they are doomed!
I am pleased to announce that Heather Nauert Spokeswoman for the United States Department of State will be nominated to serve as United Nations Ambassador. I want to congratulate Heather and thank Ambassador Nikki Haley for her great service to our Country!
Can’t believe that Nervous Nancy Pelosi isn’t moving faster on USMCA. Her people want it they don’t know why she isn’t putting it up for a bipartisan vote. Taking too long!
.@whitehouse continues to defend the billions it pissed away on ‘green energy’ failures  Your money was wasted.
Thank you New Hampshire!#Trump2016 
Sincerest THANK YOU to our great Border Patrol Agent who stopped the shooter at the Synagogue in Poway California. He may have been off duty but his talents for Law Enforcement weren’t!
I don't want to be the only billionaire in America---I want all Americans to be rich.
Trump Int’l Palm Beach offers an award winning par 72 Championship measuring 7326 yards. Florida's top course 
Story written by a @HuffingtonPost reporter that the HuffPost refused to print. Total bias but we will prevail! 
Rachel Campos-Duffy has written a wonderful book for children “Paloma Wants To Be Lady Freedom.” She and her husband Sean Duffy have done so much for our Country. Buy this book - great for the kids! 
Wow @foxandfriends is blowing away the competition in the morning ratings. Morning Joe is a dead show with very few people watching and sadly Fake News CNN is also doing poorly. Too much hate and inaccurately reported stories - too predictable!
When someone can discourage you you probably aren't determined enough. Be resolute. That's what it takes to get things done.
Charlie I always knew you are brilliant! 
I always felt I would be running and winning against Bernie Sanders not Crooked H without cheating I was right.
Sen. @DavidVitter  &amp; @David_Bossie w/@seanhannity   demand 'Congress Live By Your Laws'  
“The real winner last night was Donald Trump.” Mini Mike Bloomberg. I agree!
Via @Newsmax_Media: “Trump to Speak at CPAC”  @CPACnews #CPAC13
“There is no possible way the Trump Tower meeting between Don Trump jr and a couple of Russians who have very deep connections to both the Clintons &amp; Fusion GPS &amp; where no information on the Clintons was exchanged is a crime. Dems are blinded by their hatred of Trump.” Bongino
Watched Crooked Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes. No way they are going to fix America's problems. ISIS &amp; all others laughing!
Today it was my honor to welcome the 2018 World Series Champion Boston @RedSox to the @WhiteHouse! 
.@DannyTarkanian is a great guy and a team player. He will represent his District State and Country at the highest level. Danny is strong on Military our Vets Second Amendment and all of the things that we so strongly stand for. Vote for Danny - he has my Strong Endorsement!
Why is A.G. Jeff Sessions asking the Inspector General to investigate potentially massive FISA abuse. Will take forever has no prosecutorial power and already late with reports on Comey etc. Isn’t the I.G. an Obama guy? Why not use Justice Department lawyers? DISGRACEFUL!
We must remember this truth: No matter our color creed religion or political party we are ALL AMERICANS FIRST. 
“No person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life.” – Samuel Goldwyn
The Dems fight us at every turn - in the meantime they are accomplishing nothing for the people! They have gone absolutely “Loco” or Unhinged as they like to say!
....Remember NAFTA was one of the WORST Trade Deals ever made. The U.S. lost thousands of businesses and millions of jobs. We were far better off before NAFTA - should never have been signed. Even the Vat Tax was not accounted for. We make new deal or go back to pre-NAFTA!
I love seeing that Graydon Carter and @VanityFair are failing so badly. He’s only focused on his bad food restaurants.
Our country will soon be relegated to THIRD WORLD status if proper decisions are not made by our president. He was never qualified for job!
Who was it that secretly said to Russian President "Tell Vladimir that after the election I'll have more flexibility?" @foxandfriends
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
“Build your reputation on intelligence responsibility and results. That’s building the right way.” – Think Like a Champion
Remember if you do not promote yourself no one else will. When you have success let people know about it.
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC.  
Every day Mexico continues to hold Sgt. Tahmooressi is an insult to our country.
My interview with @IngrahamAngle discussing the real unemployment number and how the 7.8% number is a fraud 
“It seems that the Brits and the French and the Germans are coming around to the idea that the Iranians are up to no good!” @BillHemmer @FoxNews
It amazes me that other  networks seem to treat me so much better than @FoxNews. I brought them the biggest ratings in history &amp; I get zip!
...And a swamp creature with “pull” was just sentenced to two months in jail for a similar thing that they want Stone to serve 9 years for. A phony Mueller Witch Hunt disgrace. Caught! 
This is now the 7th. time the FBI has investigated Judge Kavanaugh. If we made it 100 it would still not be good enough for the Obstructionist Democrats.
Tom Brady just did it again. He is not only a great guy he is without question the BEST quarterback!
Donald Trump: ‘Monkey business’ on jobs  via @politico
.@LloydSmuckerPA is doing a great job for the people of Pennsylvania. He is strong on the Border Crime the Military our Vets and the 2nd Amendment. Lloyd has my Total Endorsement!
The Mainstream Media has NEVER been more dishonest than it is now. NBC and MSNBC are going Crazy. They report stories purposely the exact opposite of the facts. They are truly the Opposition Party working with the Dems. May even be worse than Fake News CNN if that is possible!
Trump Offers To Donate $5 Million To Charity If Obama Releases College Transcripts  via @rcpvideo
Leaving Miami-Trump National Doral will be GREAT!
Thank you for the incredible support this morning Tampa Florida! #ICYMI- watch here:  
Democrats are working hard to destroy the name and reputation of Crazy Bernie Sanders and take the nomination away from him!
TOGETHER WE WILL PREVAIL! 
I answered some of your questions in today's video... 
.@Troy_Balderson of Ohio is running for Congress - so important to the Republican Party. Troy is strong on crime and Borders loves our Military our Vets and our Second Amendment. Troy will strongly protect...
Donald Trump shocked by 'stupid decision' about @OMAROSA on '@ApprenticeNBC'  @TODAY_Clicker
Just landed in Bedminster New Jersey. #MAGA 🎥
How do you impeach a President who has created the greatest Economy in the history of our Country entirely rebuilt our Military into the most powerful it has ever been Cut Record Taxes &amp; Regulations fixed the VA &amp; gotten Choice for our Vets (after 45 years) &amp; so much more?...
Funny that Jeb(!) didn't want help from his family in his failed campaign and didn't even want to use his last name.Then mommy now brother!
China has so much of our debt that they can't put us in default w/o killing themselves---US needs our toughest negotiator---and fast!
We love you Dayton Ohio! 
Druggie @AROD is now scheming to sue the @Yankees. He will go down as the biggest sports embarrassment of all time.
Thank you John so nice! 
Does anybody really believe that a reporter who nobody ever heard of "went to his mailbox" and found my tax returns? @NBCNews  FAKE NEWS!
Obama is an easy target on foreign policy.@MittRomney has many openings to attack especially when Obama starts bragging about Bin Laden.
Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp will be a great governor. He has been successful at whatever he has done and has prepared for this very difficult and complex job for many years. He has my Strong Endorsement. His opponent is totally unqualified. Would destroy a great state!
A 40mph gust of wind wrecked a wind turbine in Scotland  Any turbine in close proximity to a school must go!
So much SPIRIT in LA! Thank you to all of our HEREOS who saved many lives. An honor to spend time w/ @NationalGuard #LEOs &amp; the #CajunNavy! 
Great honor to be endorsed by popular &amp; successful @gov_gilmore of VA. A state that I very much want to win-THX Jim! 
The Failing New York Times purposely wrote a false story stating that I am unhappy with my legal team on the Russia case and am going to add another lawyer to help out. Wrong. I am VERY happy with my lawyers John Dowd Ty Cobb and Jay Sekulow. They are doing a great job and.....
Obama told Medvedev after the ’12 reelect he would “have more flexibility.” It was music to Putin’s ears.
Via @FoxNewsInsider as seen on @foxandfriends: “Trump: Iran Nuke Talks Should Have Taken One Day” 
Small Business Poll has highest approval numbers in the polls history. All business is just at the beginning of something really special!
The organized group of people many of them thugs who shut down our First Amendment rights in Chicago have totally energized America!
AngieApon I think you should try wearing your hair combed back.  It looked good when you slicked it back Mr. Trump ;) #ALS May happen thx
No crime! 
Obama now wants to give another $450M to the Muslim Brotherhood. Money we don't have going to people that hate us. Moronic.
No Collusion - No Obstruction!
Our deficit spending is China’s gain. @BarackObama is bankrupting our country.
Get out and Early Vote for Brian Kemp. He will be a GREAT GOVERNOR for the State of Georgia!
...She can never recover and will never return to Greatness under current Management. The Times is DEAD long live The New York Times!
If Graydon Carter's very dumb bosses would fire him for his terrible circulation numbers at failing Vanity Fair-his bad food restaurants die
....statement. Strange that with so many other people hearing or knowing of the perfectly fine and respectful conversation that they would not have also come forward. Do you know the reason why they did not? Because there was nothing said wrong it was pitch perfect!
I hope the boycott of @Macys continues forever. So many people are cutting up their cards. Macy's stores suck and they are bad for U.S.A.
Been fully briefed on earthquake in Southern California. All seems to be very much under control!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
A highly respected Federal judge today stated that the “Trump Administration gets great credit” for reuniting illegal families. Thank you and please look at the previous administrations record - not good!
Now the @BarackObama campaign is fundraising off of me. I should get a tax rebate! 
“You don’t see a direct quid pro quo in this.” @BretBaier

Little @MacMiller—I have more hair than you do and there’s a slight age difference.
A truly great patriotic &amp; charitable man Bernie Marcus the co-founder of Home Depot who at the age of 90 is coming under attack by the Radical Left Democrats with one of their often used weapons. They don’t want people to shop at those GREAT stores because he contributed....
Just watched AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka on @FoxNews and thought to myself how different he is on TV than he is when he is with me at the White House. Likes what we are doing until the cameras go on. We got robbed on Trade and everything else while his Dems just sat back....
Now that wasn’t very nice was it? 
Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on his big win today as the next President of France. I look very much forward to working with him!
The woman who is the Secret Service Director looks like she is way over her head.Why can't the president appoint the best and the brightest?
I will be interviewed by @kimguilfoyle at 7pm on @FoxNews. #Enjoy!
Michael Forbes lives in a pigsty and bad liquor company Glenfiddich gave him Scot of the Year award...
Today I am making good on my promise to defend our Farmers &amp; Ranchers from unjustified trade retaliation by foreign nations. I have authorized Secretary Perdue to implement the 2nd round of Market Facilitation Payments. Our economy is stronger than ever–we stand with our Farmers!
I can't believe that President Obama isn't able or willing to make just one phone call to the family of Kate Steinle.Come on Pres-MAKE CALL!
Celebrity Apprentice is rebroadcasting last weeks episode at 9 P.M. WITH A GREAT NEW EPISODE FEATURING @MELANIA TRUMP AT 10 P.M. - AMAZING!
Thanks to many of you here today my Administration and Republicans in Congress have now confirmed 157 FEDERAL JUDGES who will uphold our Constitution AS WRITTEN a profoundly historic milestone and a truly momentous achievement! 
Actually Putin doesn't want Alaska because the Environmental Protection Agency will make it impossible for him to drill for oil!
Alan Dershowitz Harvard Law Professor: “It all proves that we never needed a Special Counsel....All of this could have been done by the Justice Dept. Don’t need a multi-million dollar group of people with a target on someone’s back. Not the way Justice should operate.” So true!
Fake News Equals the Enemy of the People!
Via @digitaljournal: "Donald Trump tweets Obama is 'an incompetent President'" 
Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails Using Program Intended To Prevent Recovery #CrookedHillary 
...our foreign partners. Recovering American hostages is a priority of my Admin and with Danny’s release we have now secured freedom for 20 American captives since my election victory. We will not rest as we continue our work to bring the remaining American hostages back home!
Great Pollster John McLaughlin now has the GOP up in the Generic Congressional Ballot. Big gain over last 4 weeks. I guess people are loving the big Tax Cuts given them by the Republicans the Cuts the Dems want to take away. We need more Republicans!
What a shock – higher taxes are slowing retail spending   Wait until 2014 when Obama Care is fully implemented.
Just arrived in New Hampshire. Another packed venue! Will be fun.
Thank you! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou 
With our weakened dollar gas will continue to rise. Fracking is an answer to lowering energy costs.
It's freezing outside where the hell is "global warming"??
President Obama's weakness and indecision may have saved us from doing a horrible and very costly (in more ways than money) attack on Syria!
“No President in modern times has kept more promises than Donald Trump!” Thank you Bill Bennett @SteveHiltonx

America is mired in the longest job recession since the Great Depression. @MittRomney can get us out of it. (cont) 
Why does @BarackObama always have to rely on teleprompters?
THE U.S.G.A. Boy's Junior Champion at Trump National Golf Club Bedminster just won The Australian Open. We are proud of you  @JordanSpieth
We will bring America together as ONE country again – united as Americans in common purpose and common dreams. #MAGA
I will be doing the A.L.S. Ice Bucket Challenge this morning on twitter. It is not something I look forward to doing but is for a good cause
Today in the center of this great Chamber lies Billy Graham – an Ambassador for Christ who reminded the world of the power of prayer and the gift of God’s grace. 
Premiering on January 4th the 14th season of @ApprenticeNBC will have major fireworks every episode. The Board Room is electric!
The reason the Democrats don’t want to submit the Articles of Impeachment to the Senate is that they don’t want corrupt politician Adam Shifty Schiff to testify under oath nor do they want the Whistleblower the missing second Whistleblower the informer the Bidens to testify!
Dem Senator Schumer hated the Iran deal made by President Obama but now that I am involved he is OK with it. Tell that to Israel Chuck!
Glad to hear Mariano Rivera is going to make a comeback in 2013. He is a true sportsman and a great competitor. 
Another historic first under Obama businesses are collapsing faster than they're being formed  New leadership now!
“Donald Trump: I'm Not Buying the @BrooklynNets”  via @TMZ_Sports
Because of #FakeNews my people are not getting the credit they deserve for doing a great job. As seen here they are ALL doing a GREAT JOB! 
The U.S. is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses but any business that leaves our country for another country
Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% asSecretary of State costing Americans millions of jobs.
Amy Kremer Women for Trump was so great on @foxandfriends. Brave and very smart thank you Amy! @AmyKremer
Happy 243rd Birthday to our GREAT U.S. Marine Corps🇺🇸 
Congressman @DaveBratVA7th is one of the hardest working and smartest people in Washington. He is strong on the Border Crime the Military our Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He is a powerful vote for MAGA and loves the Great State of Virginia. Dave has my Total Endorsement!
If Goofy Elizabeth Warren a very weak Senator didn't lie about her heritage (being Native American) she would be nothing today. Pick her H
...things up better than ever before but it can’t go too quickly. I am fighting for a level playing field for our farmers and will win!
Mexico is making a fortune on NAFTA...They have very strong border laws - ours are pathetic. With all of the money they make from the U.S. hopefully they will stop people from coming through their country and into ours at least until Congress changes our immigration laws!
Thank you to President Zelensky. Case over. The Do Nothing Democrats should finally go back to work! 
It is very important for our Country’s SECURITY that the United States Senate not vote for the Iran War Powers Resolution. We are doing very well with Iran and this is not the time to show weakness. Americans overwhelmingly support our attack on terrorist Soleimani....
Now that Harley-Davidson is moving part of its operation out of the U.S. my Administration is working with other Motor Cycle companies who want to move into the U.S. Harley customers are not happy with their move - sales are down 7% in 2017. The U.S. is where the Action is!
DEMOCRAT CONGRESSIONAL HEARINGS ARE #RIGGED!
The degenerate Washington Post MADE UP the story about me asking Bill Barr to hold a news conference. Never happened and there were no sources!
Before going any further today I want to address the horrific shooting that took place yesterday at the Capital Gazette newsroom in Annapolis Maryland. This attack shocked the conscience of our Nation and filled our hearts with grief... 
....We thank Attorney General Jeff Sessions for his service and wish him well! A permanent replacement will be nominated at a later date.
Paul Krugman of the Fake News New York Times has lost all credibility as has the Times itself with his false and highly inaccurate writings on me. He is obsessed with hatred just as others are obsessed with how stupid he is. He said Market would crash Only Record Highs!
“30000 MACY’S CUSTOMERS RETALIATE IN SUPPORT OF DONALD TRUMP”   via @BreitbartNews by @ASwoyer
like the 116% hike in Arizona. Also deductibles are so high that it is practically useless. Don't let the Schumer clowns out of this web...
Why do you need a photo ID to buy a drain cleaner   not to vote?
My ties and shirts are doing very big numbers @Macy's beyond my wildest thoughts! Thanks @GoAngelo and the rest of the losers for mentions!
Thank you Sacramento California! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
The world was gloomy before I won - there was no hope. Now the market is up nearly 10% and Christmas spending is over a trillion dollars!
Crooked Hillary should not be allowed to run for president. She deleted 33000 e-mails AFTER getting a subpoena from U.S. Congress. RIGGED!
I started my business with very little and built it into a great company with some of the best real estate assets in the World. Amazing!
Our next Vice President of the United States of America Gov. @Mike_Pence!#GOPinCLE #GOPConvention#AmericaFirst 
Looking forward to a full day of meetings with President Xi and our delegations tomorrow. THANK YOU for the beautiful welcome China! @FLOTUS Melania and I will never forget it! 
.@stuartpstevens made some of the dumbest political decisions of all time in helping Romney to get destroyed by Obama. Should have won!
“Job growth surges by 312000 in December” 
LAST thing the Make America Great Again Agenda needs is a Liberal Democrat in Senate where we have so little margin for victory already. The Pelosi/Schumer Puppet Jones would vote against us 100% of the time. He’s bad on Crime Life Border Vets Guns &amp; Military. VOTE ROY MOORE!
“Brazil will allow more American Ethanol to enter the country without Tariffs a decision that Brazilian mills are celebrating. The seemingly counter-intuitive reaction stems from the tone of ongoing negotiations between the South American nation and the U.S. for a....
Spain's government is closing down wind turbines--- the maintenance is higher than the income.
“The Dems are complicating matters again. Keeping Mueller out of it was the focus. Keeping it crisp &amp; simple was the key and now all of a sudden they are saying maybe we’ll go back and visit the Mueller probe which is absolutely unbelievable and shows they don’t care about....
“In America if you hate our Country you are free to leave. The simple fact of the matter is the four Congresswomen think that America is wicked in its origins they think that America is even more wicked now that we are all racist and evil. They’re entitled to their.....
WORKING TOGETHER we will defeat this #OpioidEpidemic &amp; free our nation from the terrible affliction of drug abuse.  
Tonight's episode of The Apprentice has a big surprise at the top of the show -- don't miss it! 10 p.m. on NBC.
Economic numbers reach an all time high the best in our Country’s history. Great to be a part of something so good for so many!
“The President never told me to withhold any money until the Ukrainians did anything related to the server. The only reason we were holding the money was because of concern about LACK OF SUPPORT FROM OTHER NATIONS and CONCERNS OVER CORRUPTION.” Yesterday’s Mick Mulvaney statement
After all is said and done more is said than done. -- Aesop
Look forward to Governor Mike Pence V.P. introduction tomorrow in New York City.
#CrookedHillary is nothing more than a Wall Street PUPPET! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate 
187 new Federal Judges have been confirmed under the Trump Administration including two great new United States Supreme Court Justices. We are shattering every record! Read all about this in “The Long Game” a great new book by @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell. Amazing story!
“Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war." The Art of The Deal
Bill Barr did not decline my request to talk about Ukraine. The story was a Fake Washington Post con job with an “anonymous” source that doesn’t exist. Just read the Transcript. The Justice Department already ruled that the call was good. We don’t have freedom of the press!
Via @UnionLeader by @tuohy: “Trump says he will decide on a presidential run by June”  
Lyin' Crooked Hillary's email stories all have one thing in common. 
Washington should have brought in Strasburg to relieve-- they would have won.
Will Plan B miss Trace?
Via @CNNMoney by @AaronSmithCNN: "The Donald wins. Trump name coming off casino"  
Why Isn't the Senate Intel Committee looking into the Fake News Networks in OUR country to see why so much of our news is just made up-FAKE!
I am in the White House waiting for the Democrats to come on over and make a deal on Border Security. From what I hear they are spending so much time on Presidential Harassment that they have little time left for things like stopping crime and our military!
“A failure or setback is not a defeat. Defeat is a state of mind. You are defeated only when you accept defeat.” – Think Big
Mitch McConnell announced he will cancel the Senate’s August Recess. Great maybe the Democrats will finally get something done other than their acceptance of High Crime and High Taxes. We need Border Security!
DON'T LET HILLARY CLINTON DO IT AGAIN!#
Such a beautiful map thank you! 
The failing @nytimes which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win (apologized) is totally inept!
Tremendous pressure on President Obama to institute a travel ban on Ebola stricken West Africa. At some point this stubborn dope will fold!
A terrible and very dishonest person! 
The economy will come back but it will not be the same economy. The old economy of the Industrial Age is (cont)  13:58:45,71,13,false,198048954712195072Twitter Web Client,WRONG!@BarackObama capitulated to China by releasing Chen Guangcheng out of the US Embassy   China really has our number,05-02-2012 19:35:35,97,9,false,197771334934216704Twitter Web Client,Snowboarder/Skateboarder @Shaun_White stopped by to visit this week.... 19:26:37,18,6,false,197769080843939840Twitter Web Client,When will @BarackObama release his college and law school transcripts? 19:24:10,155,14,false,197768463769538561Twitter Web Client,My friend Ronald Kessler explains in @washingtonpost that Secret Service problems are much bigger than prostitutes  18:56:37,31,6,false,197761529314160640Twitter Web Client,Orders for U.S. factory goods in March record biggest decline in 3 years  China is eroding the US manufacturing sector.,05-02-2012 18:26:49,78,6,false,197754030318034944Twitter Web Client,The new Dark Knight Rises Trailer is great   The movie filmed scenes in Trump Tower last October.,05-02-2012 17:50:54,110,36,false,197744990997331968Twitter Web Client,Editorial by @DonaldJTrumpJr in the DailyCaller: "Defending Innovation in America" 
The Do Nothing Democrats were busy wasting time on the Immigration Hoax &amp; anything else they could do to make the Republican Party look bad while I was busy calling early BORDER &amp; FLIGHT closings putting us way ahead in our battle with Coronavirus. Dems called it VERY wrong!
Hard for Biden to justify Libya mess but doing best he can. #VPDebate
For all of those fools that want to attack Syria the U.S.has lost the vital element of surprise-so stupid-could be a disaster!
Democrats are smiling in D.C. that the Freedom Caucus with the help of Club For Growth and Heritage have saved Planned Parenthood &amp; Ocare!
I donate 100% of my President’s salary $400000 back to our Country and feel very good about it! 
Congratulations are in order! @TrumpPanama ranks #5 Top Hotel in Panama by @TripAdvisor's #TravelersChoice Awards! 
Congratulations to our new National Security Advisor General H.R. McMaster. Video:  
This is what we can expect from #CrookedHillary. More Taxes. More Spending. #BigLeageTruth #DrainTheSwamp #Debates 
#NEPrimary #VoteTrump #
Live tweeting during tonight's VP debate...should be a great time
Change before you have to. --Jack Welch
We will not be touching your Social Security or Medicare in Fiscal 2021 Budget. Only the Democrats will destroy them by destroying our Country’s greatest ever Economy!
The Senate should immediately vote on the Iranian sanctions bill. What is the delay? Iran is already breaking its agreement with Obama
Statement on National Strategy for Counterterrorism:  
“Be flexible enough to adjust to changing circumstances.” – Think Big
Use your intelligence and your education to execute what your imagination presents to you. This is one step to becoming an entrepreneur.
The real estate market in Vietnam is booming.  Growth is everywhere in the world except for the US.
Everybody is asking about my announcement this Wednesday concerning Barack Obama---just wait and see!
I loved the day Paul Goldberger got fired (or left) as N.Y.Times architecture critic and has since faded into irrelevance. Kamin next!
I am sure the @NCGOP will do a great job bracketing the @DNC convention. They are a tremendous statewide organization.
Thank you Roseanne very much appreciated. 
Unemployment for Black Americans is the lowest ever recorded. Trump approval ratings with Black Americans has doubled. Thank you and it will get even (much) better! @FoxNews
.@HillaryClinton's tax hikes will CRUSH our economy. I will cut taxes -- BIG LEAGUE.  
President Obama is the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on the American people--Clint Eastwood
Endless Wars especially those which are fought out of judgement mistakes that were made many years ago &amp; those where we are getting little financial or military help from the rich countries that so greatly benefit from what we are doing will eventually come to a glorious end!
I am pleased to inform you that Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is in the air and on his way back from North Korea with the 3 wonderful gentlemen that everyone is looking so forward to meeting. They seem to be in good health. Also good meeting with Kim Jong Un. Date &amp; Place set.
The new line of Trump ties shirts and cufflinks are out at Macy's and are really beautiful at a really reasonable.price. Go check them out!
....”This Russia Collusion Hoax was perpetrated in part by people inside the government and in part by a compliant (Fake News) media.” Mollie Hemingway.  @TuckerCarlson @foxandfriends  The facts are starting to pour out. Stay tuned!
I had nothing to do with the decision of our great @VP Mike Pence to stay overnight at one of the Trump owned resorts in Doonbeg Ireland. Mike’s family has lived in Doonbeg for many years and he thought that during his very busy European visit he would stop and see his family!
I don't mind that @BarackObama plays a lot of golf. I just wish he used it productively to make deals with Congress!
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Vietnam Nguyễn Xuân Phúc to the @WhiteHouse this afternoon. 
From Fox and Friends interview: Trump: "We should not go back" to Iraq 
14 African nations have totally banned West Africans from entering their nations. Likewise many other nations. But the U.S. = "COME ON IN"
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. -- Benjamin Franklin
It’s a shame to hear that the @dcexaminer is failing. No one wants the paper even if it is being handed out for free.
Then how come gasoline is hitting record high prices?
Thank you Alabama! #Trump2016#SuperTuesday
Today I was honored to be joined by Republicans and Democrats from both the House and Senate as well as members of my Cabinet - to discuss the urgent need to rebuild and restore America’s depleted infrastructure.  
Federal Government is working very well with the Governors and State officials. Good things will happen! #KILLTHEVIRUS
The most important way to stop gangs drugs human trafficking and massive crime is at our Southern Border. We need Border Security and as EVERYONE knows you can’t have Border Security without a Wall. The Drones &amp; Technology are just bells and whistles. Safety for America!
“I completely read the entire Mueller Report and do you know what I concluded after reading both Volume 1 and Volume 2? There is no there there. NO THERE THERE! We completely wasted everybody’s time and taxpayer’s money.” @trishregan
The Mayor of San Jose did a terrible job of ordering the  protection of innocent people. The thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful!
Presidential Harassment by “crazed” Democrats at the highest level in the history of our Country. Likewise the most vicious and corrupt Mainstream Media that any president has ever had to endure - Yet the most successful first two years for any
It is my great honor to be with so many brilliant courageous patriotic and PROUD AMERICANS. Seeing all of you here today fills me with extraordinary confidence in America’s future. Each of you is taking part in the Young Black Leadership Summit because you are true leaders... 
Can anyone comprehend what a GREAT job Border Patrol and Law Enforcement is doing on our Southern Border. So far this year they have APPREHENDED 418000 plus illegal immigrants way up from last year. Mexico is doing very little for us. DEMS IN CONGRESS MUST ACT NOW!
Via @BPolitics by @Griffin "Aboard Donald Trump’s 757 at the South Carolina Tea Party Convention" 
....Many of the top FBI brass were fired forced to leave or left. McCabe’s wife received BIG DOLLARS from Clinton people for her campaign - he gave Hillary a pass. McCabe is a disgrace to the FBI and a disgrace to our Country. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
If my offer is refused every undecided OH voter will be fully aware that Obama denied $5M to charity all because he is hiding something!
I can't get over after all of the buildup what a terrible game that was-the worst Super Bowl in history. The advertisers must be furious!
The President of Taiwan CALLED ME today to wish me congratulations on winning the Presidency. Thank you!
Stock Market hits RECORD HIGH. Spend your money well!
.@AlexSalmond –the man who let terrorist (Pan Am Flight 103) al-Megrahi  go lost another battle over ugly wind turbines in Blackdog.
Phyllis Schlafly’s Eagle Forum: ‘National Review Will Be Defunct In The Next Year’ 
“Winners never quit and quitters never win.” - Vince Lombardi
W/ signature Trump amenities 5 star rooms &amp; world-class restaurants @TrumpWaikiki brings excellence to Hawaii 
....pass the laugh test and the Inspector General just knocked that down.” @ByronYork  @LouDobbs
Johnny Miller—Great job this weekend. Most insightful and tough. See you at Doral.
President Obama I have an idea! Pretend that West Africa is Israel and then you will be able to stop the Ebola area flights.
Thank you Florida! #SuperTuesday #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
So now Congressman Adam Schiff announces after having found zero Russian Collusion that he is going to be looking at every aspect of my life both financial and personal even though there is no reason to be doing so. Never happened before! Unlimited Presidential Harassment....
You are right the media is always offending Donald Trump-they have no limits-but they will do anything not to offend the Boston killer!
.@lancearmstrong teammate is angry and jealous--he is no Lance.
This is really great news! I am so happy I can barely speak. He may have been a terrible presidential candidate and an even worse U.S. Senator but he is a RINO and I like him a lot! 
The new President of OPEC is Mahmoud Ahmadinejad’s confidant Rostam Ghasemi a commander of the Revolutionar… (cont) 
The story in the @nytimes about the U.S. escalating attacks on Russia’s power grid is Fake News and the Failing New York Times knows it. They should immediately release their sources which if they exist at all which I doubt are phony. Times must be held fully accountable!
The Radical Left Democrats will never be satisfied with anything we give them. They will always Resist and Obstruct!
It is time to #DrainTheSwamp in Washington D.C! Vote Nov. 8th to take down the #RIGGED system! 
President Obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. He is living in a world of the make believe!
Sean is a great patriot and will do a fantastic job. Has my total and complete endorsement! 
.@CNBC Titans: Donald Trump’ is available to live stream on @netflix and @hulu.  Watch!
Happy #InternationalWomensDay“First Lady Melania Trump to Present the 2018 International Women of Courage Award” 
How does Obama rationalize giving Iran $8B in sanction relief when a Christian pastor is being tortured in an Iranian prison?
If Obama goes after Mitt's private sector experience in the next debate then Mitt should ask for Obama's college records--all of them.
Thank you Pastor Robert Jeffress! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Everybody is laughing at Jeb Bush-spent $100 million and is at bottom of pack. A pathetic figure!
The Ukraine investigation is just as Corrupt and Fake as all of the other garbage that went on before it. Even Shifty Schiff got caught cheating when he made up what I said on the call!
Chelsea Clinton will be very successful in the world of politics. She's always been a great person--a winner. (cont) 
ISIS just claimed the Degenerate Animal who killed and so badly wounded the wonderful people on the West Side was "their soldier." .....
I just watched a Fake reporter from the Amazon Washington Post say the White House is “chaotic there does not seem to be a strategy for this Shutdown. There is no plan.” The Fakes always like talking Chaos there is NONE. In fact there’s almost nobody in the W.H. but me and...
THANK YOU @BillCassidy for all of your support with our #MAGA Agenda. You are doing an outstanding job representing the people of Louisiana &amp; the U.S.A. You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KAG2020 
Watch CNN tomorrow at 2 pm & 5 pm and on Friday at 7 pm & 11 pm for a Thanksgiving Special hosted by John King. I'll be a featured guest.
“This isn’t some game. You are screwing with the work of the president of the United States.”  John Dowd March 2018.  With North Korea China the Middle East and so much more there is not much time to be thinking about this especially since there was no Russian “Collusion.”
If the Fed would cut we would have one of the biggest Stock Market increases in a long time. Badly run and weak companies are smartly blaming these small Tariffs instead of themselves for bad management...and who can really blame them for doing that? Excuses!
I'm very proud of my daughter Ivanka. Great interview.   
Via @bostonherald by @ ChrisCassidy_BH: "Donald Trump says Jeb Bush is wrong about Iraq" 
When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillary's pay-for-play at State Department?

Thank you - New Hampshire!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain # 
If Roger Stone was indicted for lying to Congress what about the lying done by Comey Brennan Clapper Lisa Page &amp; lover Baker and soooo many others? What about Hillary to FBI and her 33000 deleted Emails? What about Lisa &amp; Peter’s deleted texts &amp; Wiener’s laptop? Much more!
We’re worried about waterboarding as our enemy ISIS is beheading people and burning people alive. Time for us to wake up.
I am pleased to inform you that I have just named General/Secretary John F Kelly as White House Chief of Staff. He is a Great American....
Today it was my great honor to welcome the 2017 NCAA Football National Champion Alabama Crimson Tide - to the White House. Congratulations! # 
No member of Congress should be eligible for re-election if our country's budget is not balanced---deficits not allowed!
Congratulations to great guy Pete Hegseth and wonderful Jenny Cunningham on their engagement. They will have a fantastic life together! @foxandfriends
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and I THANK YOU for an unforgettable afternoon and evening at the Forbidden City in Beijing President Xi and Madame Peng Liyuan. We are looking forward to rejoining you tomorrow morning! 
Re: CPAC “The crowd in the main room filled to capacity by the end of Trump’s address something his operative said he planned to do...
Crazy @megynkelly is now complaining that  @oreillyfactor did not defend her against me - yet her bad show is a total hit piece on me.Tough!
Interesting read from Peggy Noonan. 
The Great State of West Virginia is producing record setting numbers and doing really well. When I became President it was practically shut down and closed for business. Not anymore!
Make sure you get out and vote...most important election of our generation...go Romney!
....getting great border security and healthcare. #VoteRalphNorman tomorrow!
Why the Rust Belt just gave Donald Trump a hero's 
China is buying our shale and gas fields  &amp; Obama still won’t approve Keystone  Pathetic!
THANK YOU MICHIGAN! #KAG2020 
.@DannyZuker You’re starting up again because people have forgotten you. You wouldn’t take my bet but it’s (cont) 
11AM #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
'The goal is to be the winner': Donald Trump's campaign is for real. Via The Guardian   
“The best evidence is the Transcript itself.”  Brad Blakeman  @FoxNews
New home sales reach a 10 year high. Stock Market has more record gains. Hopefully Republican Senators will give us the much needed Tax Cuts to keep it all going! Democrats want big Tax Increases.
My statement as to what's happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on @FoxNews concerning immigrants &amp; Sweden.
Rush Limbaugh to Republicans: “You can kiss the MIDTERMS goodbye if you don’t get highly qualified Kavanaugh approved.”
Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C. Others to follow. Ask the Democrat City Council what happened to Atlantic City.
Via @ScotlandNow:  “Donald Trump starts £250million overhaul on @TrumpTurnberry golf resort” 
I watched @BarackObama at the National Prayer Breakfast -- and he looked totally uncomfortable with his words. (cont) 
Sorry I’ve got to start focusing my energy on North Korea Nuclear bad Trade Deals VA Choice the Economy rebuilding the Military and so much more and not on the Rigged Russia Witch Hunt that should be investigating Clinton/Russia/FBI/Justice/Obama/Comey/Lynch etc.
Mariano Rivera is one of top @Yankees of all time. Greatest closer of all time. A true warrior. Last night's MVP award well-deserved.
Thank you for the nice words @ktmcfarland. The debate was interesting and fun. Keep up the great work!
When will Mayor Vescio and manager Zegarelli repave Pine Road in @BriarcliffManor?  It is a disgrace!
To every PATRIOT who will serve on the #USSGeraldRFord:☑️Keep the watch🇺🇸☑️Protect her🇺🇸☑️Defend her🇺🇸☑️LOVE HER🇺🇸Good Luck &amp; Godspeed! 
The people of Buffalo should be happy Terry Pegula got the team but I hope he does better w/the Bills than he has w/the Sabres. Good luck!
The @Washingtonpost reported about the closing hotels in Atlantic City but knowingly failed to report that I am not involved left years ago
.@GovernorPataki  couldn’t be elected dog catcher if he ran again—so he didn’t!
Congratulations to @EmilyMiller @mboyle1 &amp; @NolteNC on making @FishbowlDC’s list of "10 Journos You Don't Want to Fight on Twitter."
#TrumpAdvice 
On @foxandfriends in two minutes!
.@katyperry will do much better- 
Yes I will give my @SuperBowl pick tomorrow.  Watch @_KatherineWebb cover it on @InsideEdition.
I was invited to be with Mitt Romney tonight --- win lose or draw I’ll be there!
Entrepreneurs: Set the bar high. Do the best you possibly can. Apply your skills and talent but above all be tenacious.
Democrats please do not distance yourselves from Nancy Pelosi. She is a wonderful person whose ideas &amp; policies may be bad but who should definitely be given a 4th chance. She is trying very hard &amp; has every right to take down the Democrat Party if she has veered too far left!
In the beautiful Midwest windchill temperatures are reaching minus 60 degrees the coldest ever recorded. In coming days expected to get even colder. People can’t last outside even for minutes. What the hell is going on with Global Waming? Please come back fast we need you!
.....the importance or passage of Criminal Justice Reform. They only talk about the minor players or people that had nothing to do with it...And the people that so desperately sought my help when everyone else had failed all they talk about now is Impeaching President Trump!
Such GREAT people! 
Thug Politics. Lightweight hack Schneiderman meets with Obama on Thursday then brings frivolous suit on Saturday.
I can confirm the reports--@BillRancic my first season winner will be returning to this All-Star season of @CelebApprentice.
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is massive. NO!
Will do thanks.  
....The process has begun to place additional Tariffs at 25% on the remaining 325 Billion Dollars. The U.S. only sells China approximately 100 Billion Dollars of goods &amp; products a very big imbalance. With the over 100 Billion Dollars in Tariffs that we take in we will buy.....
....is about American Freedom. Redirect the supply chain. There is no reason to buy everything from China!
Hillary has called for 550% more Syrian immigrants but won’t even mention “radical Islamic terrorists.” #Debate… 
The Fake News doesn’t dare mention the corrupt Democrats! 
Just remember the Iranians never won a war but never lost a negotiation!
Thr coverage about me in the @nytimes and the @washingtonpost gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its.....
Via @DMRegister by @brianneDMR:“Trump: Bring back jobs from overseas”  Let's Make America Great Again!
I have always been the same person-remain true to self.The media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so!
Printing money is neither a short or long term solution to our country's economic woes. The Fed is destroyin… (cont) 
...You have little persona but The Apprentice concept is great and lucky for you!
Whenever one of the morons say I wear a wig stop reading because they have no credibility &amp; just hate.
Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal. He told stories about his Vietnam battles and....
We should be able to negotiate a deal with Iran because they know we could blow them away to the Stone Age.They just don't believe we would.
It would seem very hard to obstruct justice for a crime that never happened! Witch Hunt!
What a shame that Kobe Bryant was so badly injured last night - a truly great champion who brought the Lakers back from oblivion this year!
No we actually had a very good and productive meeting. Nice! 
.@CarlyFiorina Carly—I did graduate from Wharton and did very well. Who is your fact checker? Will you apologize?
Interesting how President Obama so haltingly said I "would never be president" - This from perhaps the worst president in U.S. history!
The United States troops which were sent to West Africa have only gotten 4 hours of Ebola training - very unfair to them and their families!
Join me in Rome NY- tomorrow!#Trump2016 #NYPrimaryTickets available: 
Still a buyer's market. Home prices are dropping mortgages are low. Now is the time to take advantage for your gain. 
Rosie is back on the View which tells you how desperate they must be. It is the standard short term fix and long term disaster.
“U.S. Stocks Widen Global Lead” 
“He (Trump) has already been suffering from this type of a Witch Hunt since before his Inauguration. If it’s not one thing it’s another. It’s a DISGRACE!” @pnjaban @LouDobbs 
NATO countries must pay MORE the United States must pay LESS. Very Unfair!
Democrats at the top are killing the Great State of Virginia. If the three failing pols were Republicans far stronger action would be taken. Virginia will come back HOME Republican) in 2020!
Why would Texans vote for "liar" Ted Cruz when he was born in Canada lived there for 4 years-and remained a Canadian citizen until recently
Watching @loudobbsnews- fantastic show! Has very interesting take on Paul Ryan.
My thoughts on last night's meeting with @SarahPalinUSA in today's #trumpvlog... 
Just leaving Mechanicsburg PA. Incredible crowd-- so enthusiastic! Will be back soon. #MAGA 
When is Bob Mueller going to list his Conflicts of Interest? Why has it taken so long? Will they be listed at the top of his $22000000 Report...And what about the 13 Angry Democrats will they list their conflicts with Crooked H? How many people will be sent to jail and......
The TIME Magazine cover showing late age breast feeding is disgusting--sad what TIME did to get noticed. @TIME
The Democrats are working hard to destroy a wonderful man and a man who has the potential to be one of our greatest Supreme Court Justices ever with an array of False Acquisitions the likes of which have never been seen before!
Obama is on yet another two-day West Coast fundraising swing. Has to fit it in before his 15 day tax-payer funded vacation.
Biggest crowd EVER according to Arena people. Thousands outside trying to get in. Place was packed! Radical Left Dems &amp; their Partner LameStream Media saying Arena empty. Check out pictures. Fake News. The Enemy of the People! 
Give A$AP Rocky his FREEDOM. We do so much for Sweden but it doesn’t seem to work the other way around. Sweden should focus on its real crime problem! #FreeRocky
Thank you Kentucky! #Trump2016#SuperSaturday
Great news! @Apple announced that it is building its new Mac Pro in Texas. This means hundreds of American jobs in Austin and for suppliers across the Country. Congratulations to the Apple team and their workers! 
The dishonest media will NEVER keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our GREAT AMERICAN PEOPLE! #MAGA 
“House Republicans support the President on Tariffs with Mexico all the way &amp; that makes any measure the President takes on the Border totally Veto proof. Why wouldn’t you as Republicans support him when that will allow our President to make a better deal.” Thank you @GOPLeader

Democrats are holding our Military hostage over their desire to have unchecked illegal immigration. Can’t let that happen!
....People their VOTE their Freedoms their Second Amendment Religion Military Border Wall and their God-given rights as a Citizen of The United States of America!
15K in OK! Had to turn away 5k but we are coming back soon to take care of them! So much love in the crowd! Thanks! 
The @nytimes states today that DJT believes "more countries should acquire nuclear weapons." How dishonest are they. I never said this!
I heard that @Morning_Joe was very nice on Friday but that little Donny D a big failure in TV (&amp; someone I helped) was nasty. Irrelevant!

Never Trumper Republican John Bellinger represents Never Trumper Diplomat Bill Taylor (who I don’t know) in testimony before Congress! Do Nothing Democrats allow Republicans Zero Representation Zero due process and Zero Transparency....
Thank you ARIZONA! This is a MOVEMENT like nobody has ever seen before. Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE… 
Why would Republican candidates want the support of Mitt Romney. He lost an election against Obama that should NEVER have been lost!
Major story that the Dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the Trump . We are going to WIN!
My @IngrahamAngle interview on the border crisis USMC Tahmooressi &amp; my fight for the American flag  (15:00 mark)
Big story out that the FBI ignored tens of thousands of Crooked Hillary Emails many of which are REALLY BAD. Also gave false election info. I feel sure that we will soon be getting to the bottom of all of this corruption. At some point I may have to get involved!
“21 State Attorney Generals denouncing the Impeachment of President Trump.” @FoxNews
“DONALD TRUMP TO BILL MAHER: PAY UP”  via @BreitbartNews
When you do your Christmas shopping remember how disloyal @Macys was to the subject of illegal immigration. #BoycottMacys #DumpMacys

Support for Impeachment is dropping like a rock down into the 20’s in some Polls. Dems should now get down to work and finally approve USMCA and much more!
....Martha is strong on Crime and Borders the 2nd Amendment and loves our Military and Vets. She has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Join me this Thursday in Wilmington Ohio at noon! #ImWithYouTickets:  
Republicans should just REPEAL failing ObamaCare now &amp; work on a new Healthcare Plan that will start from a clean slate. Dems will join in!
Talks with China continue in a very congenial manner - there is absolutely no need to rush - as Tariffs are NOW being paid to the United States by China of 25% on 250 Billion Dollars worth of goods &amp; products. These massive payments go directly to the Treasury of the U.S.......
“79% of these decisions have been overturned in the 9th Circuit.” @FoxNews  A terrible costly and dangerous disgrace. It has become a dumping ground for certain lawyers looking for easy wins and delays. Much talk over dividing up the 9th Circuit into 2 or 3 Circuits. Too big!
The Obama Administration is now accused of trying to give Iran secret access to the financial system of the United States. This is totally illegal. Perhaps we could get the 13 Angry Democrats to divert some of their energy to this “matter” (as Comey would call it). Investigate!
Congrats to @bubbawatson on winning the Masters. He did it without heavy reliance on coaches and the other hanger-ons - he just played golf.
Celebrity Apprentice returns to NBC Sunday 3/14 9-11PM ET/PT. Outstanding list of celebrities & season should be the best one yet!
I love constantly proving them wrong. It’s easy! 
The Prayer Breakfast was used by @BarackObama to say that the Bible commands higher income taxes. That's not the way it is!
After one of the great chokes in the history of sports it will be hard for the Spurs to beat the Heat - but who knows. Good game on now!
Many @harleydavidson owners plan to boycott the company if manufacturing moves overseas. Great! Most other companies are coming in our direction including Harley competitors. A really bad move! U.S. will soon have a level playing field or better.
Great job @AdamScott - you deserve it!
Just leaving Las Vegas. Unbelievable crowd! Many Hispanics who love me and I love them! 
The North Korean regime has pursued its nuclear &amp; ballistic missile programs in defiance of every assurance agreement &amp; commmitment it has made to the U.S. and its allies. It's broken all of those commitments... 
Now that Iran ripped us off by making one of the best deals of any kind in history they have just moved to block any imports from the U.S.
Where serenity meets luxury: Trump Nat’l Jupiter’s Spa offers treatments which help restore youthful vitality 
The long anticipated release of the #JFKFiles will take place tomorrow. So interesting!
The Washington Post said I refer to Jeff Sessions as “Mr. Magoo” and Rod Rosenstein as “Mr. Peepers.” This is “according to people with whom the president has spoken.” There are no such people and don’t know these characters...just more Fake &amp; Disgusting News to create ill will!
Join me in California or Montana!5/25/16: Anaheim  Billings 
If I were President I would push for proper vaccinations but would not allow one time massive shots that a small child cannot take - AUTISM.
“Deals are my art form.  I like making deals preferably big deals.” – The Art of The Deal
Our wonderful new Healthcare Bill is now out for review and negotiation. ObamaCare is a complete and total disaster - is imploding fast!
Why is @AlexSalmond pursuing environment destroying windmills when @VattenfallGroup quit because of no (cont) 
The story in the New York Times regarding Jim Webb being considered as the next Secretary of Defense is FAKE NEWS. I’m sure he is a fine man but I don’t know Jim and never met him. Patrick Shanahan who is Acting Secretary of Defense is doing a great job!
We should cut off all aid to every country that does not respect our border. Why are we giving them money in the first place?
I just beat a lawyer from Yale and a lawyer from Harvard who teamed up against me in a major case worth millions ($). They were so dumb!
Money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game. -- The Art of the Deal
Schiff is a Corrupt Politician! 
IN AMERICA WE DON'T WORSHIP GOVERNMENT - WE WORSHIP GOD!🎥
Another good poll result in the great state of SC. Trump at 30%. Carson at 15% and Bush at 9%.  
So with one Rally by me at the end of the campaign I lift the poll numbers of Kentucky Governor Matt Bevin by 19 points he just misses every other Republican in the Commonwealth wins big and the Fake News blames me for a bad night! OK! By the way Mississippi won everything!
Wow sleepy eyes @chucktodd is at it again. He is do totally biased. The things I am saying are correct. - far better vision than the others
Immigration discussions at the White House with representatives of Mexico have ended for the day. Progress is being made but not nearly enough! Border arrests for May are at 133000 because of Mexico &amp; the Democrats in Congress refusing to budge on immigration reform. Further...
Thanks to Donald Trump  via @AmSpec. My pleasure Jeffrey!
I will be interviewed on @jaketapper @CNN at 9:00 A.M. and Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:O0  A.M. CNN Iowa Poll -13 point lead!
Breaking News: The President of Ukraine has just again announced that President Trump has done nothing wrong with respect to Ukraine and our interactions or calls. If the Radical Left Democrats were sane which they are not it would be case over!
I hope everyone enjoyed Palm Sunday!
Obama's plan to have Russia stand up to Iran was a horrible failure that turned America into a laughingstock.  #TimeToGetTough
....However if for any reason Mexico stops apprehending and bringing the illegals back to where they came from the U.S. will be forced to Tariff at 25% all cars made in Mexico and shipped over the Border to us. If that doesn’t work which it will I will close the Border.......
Donald Trump: GOP Has ‘Nuclear Weapon’ In Fiscal Cliff Negotiation But They Don’t Know It  via @mediaite
A great new book just out “The Plot Against the President. The True Story Of How Congressman Devin Nunes Uncovered the Biggest Political Scandal In U.S. History.” Shows very bad and corrupt people on the other side. Check it out! 
Great! 
Thank you Evansville Indiana! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
New Reuters poll - thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
#CelebApprentice We always make sure to have great NYC locations for the task delivery.
I am overriding the Decommission Order of the magnificent aircraft carrier Harry S. Truman built in 1998 (fairly new) and considered one of the largest and finest in the world. It will be updated at a fraction of the cost of a new one (which also are being built)!
#trumpvlog Windfarms in today's video blog... 
Just landed in Iowa. See everyone soon! #MAGA🇺🇸
Thoughts &amp; prayers with everyone in Lafayette Louisiana this evening.
Many believe that by the Senate giving credence to a trial based on the no evidence no crime read the transcripts “no pressure”  Impeachment Hoax rather than an outright dismissal it gives the partisan Democrat Witch Hunt credibility that it otherwise does not have. I agree!
Thank you to @LOUDOBBS for giving the first six months of the Trump Administration an A+. S.C.reg cuttingStock M jobsborder etc. = TRUE!

Interesting that @Macys criticized me but just paid $650000 in fines for racial profiling. Are they racists?
“The infestation of bedbugs at The New York Times office” @OANN  was perhaps brought in by lightweight journalist Bret Stephens a Conservative who does anything that his bosses at the paper tell him to do! He is now quitting Twitter after being called a “bedbug.” Tough guy!
Via @Investopedia by @swan_investor: "The Irreplaceable Brand Of Donald Trump" 
Ralph Northamwho is running for Governor of Virginiais fighting for the violent MS-13 killer gangs &amp; sanctuary cities.  Vote Ed Gillespie!
Continuing to monitor the heartbreaking bridge collapse at FIU - so tragic. Many brave First Responders rushed in to save lives. Thank you for your courage. Praying this evening for all who are affected.
Do you think I will get credit for keeping Ford in U.S. Who cares my supporters know the truth. Think what can be done as president!
#CrookedHillary is outspending me by a combined 31 to 1 in Florida Ohio &amp; Pennsylvania. I haven't started yet! 
....understands that while we only had 50 soldiers remaining in that section of Syria and they have been removed any unforced or unnecessary fighting by Turkey will be devastating to their economy and to their very fragile currency. We are helping the Kurds financially/weapons!
“Over in Europe and Japan they have NEGATIVE RATES. They get paid to borrow money. Don’t we have to follow our competitors?” @Varneyco  Yes we do. The Fed doesn’t have a clue! We have unlimited potential only held back by the Federal Reserve. But we are winning anyway!
Entrepreneurs:  Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Don't give in and don't give up!
Thank you Corey! 
Left Paris for U.S.A. Will be heading to New Jersey and attending the#USWomensOpen their most important tournament this afternoon.
Response to Hillary Clinton- 
Via @WashTimes by @EmilyMiller: "Donald Trump says ‘This country is going to hell in a handbasket’" 
Mini Mike don’t lick your dirty fingers. Both unsanitary and dangerous to others and yourself! 
I hate to say it but the Republican Convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the Democratic Convention!
45 year low on illegal border crossings this year. Ice and Border Patrol Agents are doing a great job for our Country. MS-13 thugs being hit hard.
The Democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as ObamaCare folds - not long. Do not worry we are in very  good shape!
Thank you Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong! 
It was great having @ArsenioHall back on this week's @ApprenticeNBC! 
“After many years the United States is finally waking up to Beijing’s plans and ambitions to pass us as the dominant economic &amp; military superpower in the 21st Century. What’s happening now is that the U.S. is finally responding (thank you President Trump). This is taking.....
How can NYS allow lightweight @AGSchneiderman to remain in office? What are JCOPE &amp; Moreland Commissions waiting on? 
Why the hell did we help the Libyan "rebels" in the first place. That is the real scandal.
Rowanne Brewer the most prominently depicted woman in the failing @nytimes story yesterday joined @foxandfriends. 
Many of the ads you are watching were paid for by Mini Mike Bloomberg. He is going nowhere just wasting his money but he is getting the DNC to rig the election against Crazy Bernie something they wouldn’t do for @CoryBooker and others. They are doing it to Bernie again 2016.
Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasn't chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. Also Crooked Hillary hates her!
A true Democrat Party leader! 
.@cindyhydesmith loves Mississippi and our Great U.S.A. 
...get things done at a record clip. Many big decisions to be made over the coming days and weeks. AMERICA FIRST!
Today I welcomed the Victory Christian Center School. Good luck @ the Team America Rocketry Challenge! #TARC Watch… 
Congratulations to Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher his wonderful wife Andrea and his entire family. You have been through much together. Glad I could help!
I am pleased to inform all of those that believe in a strong fair and sound Immigration Policy that Mark Morgan will be joining the Trump Administration as the head of our hard working men and women of ICE. Mark is a true believer and American Patriot. He will do a great job!
. @foxandfriends interview discussing a budget deal my #CPAC2013 speech @RealBenCarson &amp; firing @latoyajackson 
Could somebody at @foxnews please explain to Trump hater A.B. Stoddard (zero talent!) and @TeamCavuto that I won every one of my debates from beginning to end. Check the polls taken immediately after the debates. The debates got me elected. Must be Fox Board Member Paul Ryan!
I have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich and yet am not being treated properly by the Republican Party or the RNC.
Martha McSally is an extraordinary woman. She was a very talented fighter jet pilot and is now a highly respected member of Congress. She is Strong on Crime the Border and our  under siege 2nd Amendment. Loves our Military and our Vets. Has my total and complete Endorsement!
Big progress at the Border but Dems in Congress must change the Immigration Laws for all to be good! End the Loopholes and much more.
Mississippi there is a VERY important election for Governor on November 5th. I need you to Get Out and Vote for our Great Republican nominee @TateReeves. Tate is strong on Crime tough on Illegal Immigration and will protect your Second Amendment....
....for the foreign policies of the President.” @AlanDersh Alan Dershowitz @seanhannity @FoxNews  They do what the House asks. The Swamp!
James Clapper who famously got caught lying to Congress is now an authority on Donald Trump. Will he show you his beautiful letter to me?
Very sad that the FBI missed all of the many signals sent out by the Florida school shooter. This is not acceptable. They are spending too much time trying to prove Russian collusion with the Trump campaign - there is no collusion. Get back to the basics and make us all proud!
I hope when the MSM runs its “interruption counters” they consider the # of times the moderators interrupted me com… 
What ever happened to the Server at the center of so much Corruption that the Democratic National Committee REFUSED to hand over to the hard charging (except in the case of Democrats) FBI? They broke into homes &amp; offices early in the morning but were afraid to take the Server?
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Kirkwood Community College. Heading to the U.S. Cellular Center now for an 8pmE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN… 
There’s no love lost between @latoyajackson  &amp; @OMAROSA Disrespectful? Who is being disrespectful? #CelebApprentice
I am looking forward to being in New Hampshire tomorrow. The silent majority is taking our country back. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Working very well with States and our Nation’s Governors. #TEAMWORK
Just got back from the Iowa State Fair. Record crowds phenomenal people. Thank you IOWA I will never let you down!

Obama can release 5 senior Taliban for a deserter but can’t make Mexico release decorated Marine Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi. Pathetic
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. 
The United States has spent EIGHT TRILLION DOLLARS fighting and policing in the Middle East. Thousands of our Great Soldiers have died or been badly wounded. Millions of people have died on the other side. GOING INTO THE MIDDLE EAST IS THE WORST DECISION EVER MADE.....
But we are now for the first time giving companies a better alternative! 
I saw from my window just before accident that the crane was not properly anchored for the storm.
. @Newsmax__Media is one of the top media outlets in the country. @ChrisRuddyNMX has revolutionized political commentary and reporting.
With Hillary and Obama the terrorist attacks will only get worse. Politically correct fools won't even call it what it is - RADICAL ISLAM!
'Democratic operative caught on camera: Hillary PERSONALLY ordered 'Donald Duck' troll campaign that broke the law'
Trending story on Miss Utah is very unfair. She simply lost her train of thought—could happen to anyone! @MissUSA  @MissUniverse
America should not be pressuring @Israel to show restraint against Iran. We should be working to stop Iran's nuclear drive.
Stock Market is on track to have the best June in over 50 years! Thank you Mr. President! @WSJ
John Kerry can’t get over the fact that he had his chance and blew it! Stay away from negotiations John you are hurting your country!
Proud of @IvankaTrump for her leadership on these important issues. Looking forward to hearing her speak at the W20! 
The failing @nytimes finally gets it - "In places where no insurance company offers plans there will be no way for ObamaCare customers to..
Taking a helicopter to New Hampshire boarding now. Amazing activity planned. New UMASS poll very nice! 
Vladimir Putin said today about Hillary and Dems: "In my opinion it is humiliating. One must be able to lose with dignity."  So true!
“Former FBI Employee Accused of Altering FISA Documents.” Hello here we go! @foxandfriends
Tweet me tonight who your favorite is during the live telecast of the Miss Universe Pageant.
Heading to the Great State of Virginia now will be there shortly. The #USNSComfort is “loaded to the gills” at Naval Station Norfolk departing for New York City this afternoon. 
“Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.” - Babe Ruth
.@THEGaryBusey is making no attempt to help. Is he in BuseyLand? Their team is short on help already… #CelebApprentice
“IG: DECLASSIFIED INFORMATION CONTRADICTS THE WHISTLEBLOWER.” @foxandfriends  But why are people surprised? The “partisan” Whistleblower was very wrong on what was said on my perfect “no pressure” call with the Ukrainian President. Bring in another Whistleblower from the bench!
Via @wmbfnews: "Donald Trump puts Tea Party on map for 2016" 
I'm looking forward to seeing you all this afternoon at Macy's Herald Square.  5:30 pm at the Crystal department on 8.
He @BarackObama is caught on tape making election promises to @MedvedevRussiaE on missile defense and national security 
Lawyers have sent @billmaher demand notice and necessary documentation.
.....with a President and Federal Government that wants our wonerful City and State to flourish and thrive. I Love New York!
The United States mourns for the victims of Nice France. We pledge our solidarity with France against terror. 🇺🇸🇫🇷 
I have been very critical about the way the U.K. and Prime Minister Theresa May handled Brexit. What a mess she and her representatives have created. I told her how it should be done but she decided to go another way. I do not know the Ambassador but he is not liked or well....
Thank you @USNationalGuard! #HurricaneFlorence 
.@redstate I miss you all and thanks for all of your support. Political correctness is killing our country. "weakness."
'BuzzFeed Runs Unverifiable Trump-Russia Claims' #FakeNews 
It was just announced that @ErinBurnett won’t be going to mornings on CNN. @OutFrontCNN just made a wise decision.
...travesty that is taking place in allowing millions of people to easily meander through their country and INVADE the U.S. not to mention the Drugs &amp; Human Trafficking pouring in through Mexico. Are the Drug Lords Cartels &amp; Coyotes really running Mexico? We will soon find out!
Obamacare is a disaster. Rates going through the sky - ready to explode. I will fix it. Hillary can't!#ObamacareFailed
Thanks @MickyArison for your nice statement @BLTPrimeMiami @TrumpDoral. I just want to do as well as you have with @MiamiHEAT. See u soon
Thank you Michigan I am on my way. See everybody soon! #KAG 
I cannot imagine that these very fine Republican Senators would allow the American people to suffer a broken ObamaCare any longer!
You can listen to my interview today with Jay Sekulow Live and the @JordanSekulow show here   @12PM EST.
Snowden is a traitor and a disgrace. Make no mistake he is no hero. In fact he is a coward who should come back &amp; face justice.
Today it was my honor to welcome President Nursultan Nazarbayev of Kazakhstan to the @WhiteHouse! 
When Americans are free to thrive innovate &amp; prosper there is no challenge too great no task too large &amp; no goal beyond our reach. We are a nation of explorers pioneers innovators &amp; inventors. We are nation of people who work hard dream big &amp; who never ever give up... 
We strongly stand with Terrence! 
The U.S. recorded its slowest economic growth in five years (2016). GDP up only 1.6%. Trade deficits hurt the economy very badly.
Clinton commented in Ohio today that @MittRomney is right the economy has not been fixed under Obama.I always said Bill was an honest man.
Thank you @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell for understanding the Democrats game of not playing it straight on the ridiclious Witch Hunt Hoax in the Senate. Cryin’ Chuck will never stop. Did Senator @MarkWarner ever report speaking to a Russian!?
Thank you @U_S_Steel and Granite City Illinois! 
Iran will only get stronger in Iraq with the latest civil war. We should have taken the oil immediately after the invasion.
....a foreign power engaged in clandestine intelligence activities and yet they still asked for the renewal two more times and it gave the right for the government to rifle through the Trump campaigns files &amp; Emails Text messages.....” So how bad &amp; illegal is that? @FoxNews
.@RepRatcliffe asked the two “star” witnesses “where is the impeachable event in that call?” Both stared straight ahead with a blank look on their face remained silent &amp; were unable to answer the question. That would be the end of a case run by normal people! - but not Shifty!
Starting at a small Bible School in Florida Billy Graham soon led a nationwide revival. From a large tent in Los Angeles to one hundred thousand people in a single day at Yankee Stadium to more than two million people at Madison Square Garden over sixteen weeks in 1957... 
Happy 30th Birthday #Ghostbusters! It was great to have @TrumpTowerNY be a part of the series. 
“It should not be the job of America to replace regimes around the world. This is what President Trump recognized in Iraq that it was the biggest foreign policy disaster of the last several decades and he’s right...The generals still don’t get the mistake.”  @RandPaul
I heard poorly rated @Morning_Joe speaks badly of me (don't watch anymore). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika along with Psycho Joe came..
Not since Watergate have we been going thru a time like this--Benghazi IRS wiretapping of @AP...
“TRUMP DECLARES VICTORY ON IMMIGRATION AS OBAMA ADMITS SOME ILLEGALS ARE ‘GANG BANGERS’”  via @BreitbartNews @ASwoyer
Just left Virginia where I unveiled my healthcare and other plans for our great Veterans! They will be very happy! 
Today I signed the Veterans (OUR HEROES) Choice Program Extension &amp; Improvement Act @ the @WhiteHouse. #S544 Watch… 
Heading to see the BORDER WALL prototypes in California! 
Take a tour of this amazing penthouse in Trump Park Avenue.... 
How do you impeach a President who has helped create perhaps the greatest economy in the history of our Country? All time best unemployment numbers especially for Blacks Hispanics Asians &amp; Women. More people working today than ever before. Rebuilt Military &amp; Choice for Vets...
Great honor- Rev. Jerry Falwell Jr. of Liberty University one of the most respected religious leaders in our nation has just endorsed me!
The @nfl games are so boring now that actually I’m glad I didn’t get the Bills. Boring games too many flags too soft!
...And according to Polls would do even better today! 
What do I know about branding maybe nothing (but I did become President!) but if I were Boeing I would FIX the Boeing 737 MAX add some additional great features &amp; REBRAND the plane with a new name.No product has suffered like this one. But again what the hell do I know?
Are you better off now than you were three years ago? Almost everyone say YES!
Great briefing this afternoon on the start of our Southern Border WALL! 
My father's 4 step formula for success: "Get in get it done get it done right and get out." -- Fred C. Trump
You can find your polling locations at:  #FITN #NHPrimary #VoteTrumpNH 
China has announced it is “fully prepared” for a currency war  Outrageous - they have no fear of our leaders.
When I renovated Wollman Rink in Central Park it came in $750000 under budget..
On my way! #Inauguration2017 
WOW THANK YOU Minneapolis Minnesota — on my way! #KAG2020 
My political representatives didn’t want me to get involved in the Mark Sanford primary thinking that Sanford would easily win - but with a few hours left I felt that Katie was such a good candidate and Sanford was so bad I had to give it a shot. Congrats to Katie Arrington!
Our campaign store is officially open! Visit  to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise.
Pathetic: @BarackObama did not want to veto Keystone himself--so he lobbied the Democrats in the Senate to defeat it.
P.S. - There is also something really good to say about humility. Being confident and humble is a great combination maybe the best of all!
Great going Tate! 
94% Approval Rating in the Republican Party! Tuesday night in the Great State of North Carolina proved that high and very beautiful number correct.
Bloggers like McKay Coppins &amp; @BuzzFeed are true garbage with no credibility. Record setting crowds &amp; speech not reported. @PiersMorgan
Entrepreneurship is engine of American success. I bring it to crowdfunding w/ @fundanything's $1M RECORD reward 
If our border is not secure we can expect another attack. A country with open borders is open to the terrorists.

Such an easy way to avoid Tariffs? Make or produce your goods and products in the good old USA. It’s very simple!
.@VP Mike Pence will be speaking at today's #MarchForLife -- You have our full support! 
“North Korea recommits to denuclearization - we’ve come a long way.” @FoxNews
Via @ArutzSheva_En by Moshe Cohen: “Donald Trump: French Gun Control Allowed Terrorists to Succeed” 
I hope you are watching the Apprentice...tonight's show is great and Brett Michaels is back!
I never directed Michael Cohen to break the law. He was a lawyer and he is supposed to know the law. It is called “advice of counsel” and a lawyer has great liability if a mistake is made. That is why they get paid. Despite that many campaign finance lawyers have strongly......

I hope everybody reads the @AmSpec article “Shakedown Schneiderman” – the AG of New York @AGSchneiderman 
Will be in the Great State of South Carolina tonight 7:00 P.M. for a really BIG Rally. Best place to be is a Trump Rally. See you later!
The Economy is one of the best in our history with unemployment at a 50 year low and the Stock Market ready to again break a record (set by us many times) - &amp; all you heard yesterday based on a phony story was Impeachment. You want to see a Stock Market Crash Impeach Trump!
Great move to take A-Rod out of game. Now terminate his contract based on misrepresentation (drugs).
People don’t know that Eliot’s father is very rich. Eliot likes to pretend he’s poor to appeal to voters.
Will be going to Ohio tonight to campaign for Troy Balderson for the big Congressional Special Election on Tuesday. Early voting is on. Troy is strong on Crime the Border &amp; loves our Military Vets &amp; 2nd Amendment. His opponent is a puppet of Nancy Pelosi/high taxes.
Congratulations to @AnnDRomney on delivering a knock out speech last night. America can't wait to call her our First Lady.
#CongratsPeggy! 
Massive crowd in VT tonight. Venue not big enough. Officials say NO to outside event and sound system. Arrive early!
.@ashleycam2883 Re: Libya--Hillary took the blame for Obama.
One of my greatest honors was to have gotten CHOICE approved for our great Veterans. Others have tried for decades and failed! 

Mayor Gillum conceded on Election Day and now Broward County has put him “back into play.” Bill Nelson conceded Election - now he’s back in play!? This is an embarrassment to our Country and to Democracy!
Via @TheBrodyFile: "Iowa Evangelical Leader Says Donald Trump Is Bold And Transparent" 
Great news on Foxconn in Wisconsin after my conversation with Terry Gou! 
Monday morning 7:30 AM I'll be on @foxandfriends. Tune in!
The Chinese talk of climate change and carbon footprint but don't clean up their factories-but they sell us the equipment to clean up ours!

My Administration is fighting hard to end the Opioid Crisis. Join with us by disposing unused or expired prescription medications at over 4000 locations across this great Country. Find a location TOMORROW October 26th from 10am-2pm at  #TakeBackDay 
Networks other than low ratings @CNN have been very fair and exciting!
David Brooks of the New York Times is closing in on being the dumbest of them all. He doesn’t have a clue.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow the respected Monmouth University poll has me ahead of most Republican candidates nationwide and most people don't think I'm running!
“Jerry Nadler’s Trump Bashing Show Is A Bust.” Headline New York Post. @foxandfriends  The Greatest Witch Hunt of all time continues. All crimes were by the other side but the Committee refuses to even take a look. Deleting 33000 Emails is the real Obstruction - and much more!
Thank you Iowa! #Trump2016 
Great article by @RichLowry on @POLITICOMag : “Sorry Donald Trump Has A Point” 
Looking forward to being with the Bush Family to pay my respects to President George H.W. Bush.
My @FoxNews interview from last night with @gretawire discussing yesterday's meeting with @MittRomney  
Just landed in New Hampshire - a very exciting morning planned!
Last night in North Carolina was incredible! 
“Don’t find fault. Find a remedy.” – Henry Ford
Chris Ruddy is always on point: "Trump Opens 'Greatest Golf Course In the World'"   via @Newsmax_Media
Dummy @mcuban made up a story about a visit to Mar-a-Lago last night on Leno. It never happened—I don’t talk that way.
The Theater must always be a safe and special place.The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man Mike Pence. Apologize!
Strong debate by @PerdueSenate. No question he won. We need more business leaders with bold vision to fix Washington. #GASen
China is getting minerals from Afghanistan  We are getting our troops killed by the Afghani govt't.  Time to get out.
We need jobs &amp; we need them fast. I am a job creator. None of the pols can or will. Let's Make America Great Again! 
.@GlennBeck got fired like a dog by #Fox. The Blaze is failing and he wanted to have me on his show. I said no - because he is irrelevant.
.@TheRealMarilu was very impressive and is a great person. The All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC viewers loved her.
The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax when will this taxpayer funded charade end?
THANK YOU NEVADA! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!  
I was putting together my early deals in New York &amp; I was advised by many that I was too young. Believe in yourself &amp; you can do anything.
Why do we keep broadcasting when we are going to attack Syria. Why can't we just be quiet and if we attack at all catch them by surprise?
94% Approval Rating in the Republican Party a record. Thank you!
Again the story that there was collusion between the Russians &amp; Trump campaign was fabricated by Dems as an excuse for losing the election.
.....its own 50 to 70 unit building. Would set up better than other alternatives. I announced that I would be willing to do it at NO PROFIT or if legally permissible at ZERO COST to the USA. But as usual the Hostile Media &amp; their Democrat Partners went CRAZY!
Doing the @todayshow with @MLauer was great- I really like Matt.
#TrumpVlog Obama should be ashamed! 
I won the right to be a presidential candidate in California in a major Court decision handed down yesterday. It was filed against me by the Radical Left Governor of that State to tremendous Media hoopla. The VICTORY however was barely covered by the Fake News. No surprise!
Alert--US jobless claims up 46000 to 388000. Really bad news. 7.8% is now a fraud--not possible!
Thank you to Brit. This is a very big deal in Europe. Fake News is the Enemy of the People! 
A friend is one who has the same enemies as you have. -- Abraham Lincoln
Just read about my friend @HulkHogan--he was set up--too bad he has to use the court system instead of his muscles.
Via @DMRegister by @JenniferJJacobs: "Trump: 'I would've won the race against Obama'" 
Presidential Proclamation Honoring the Victims of the Tragedy in Parkland Florida:  
The Saudis are taking credit for a meager 2% drop on crude   They always play this game (cont) 
With @IvankaTrump and @EricTrump at the opening of the @GaryPlayer Villa at @TrumpDoral-  
Make your life as groundbreaking as possible while also minding the tides and riptides around you. - Think Like a Champion
Via @gulf_news by @JoeHeim: “@IvankaTrump: Giving back is a priority for me” 
...Trump International Hotel Las Vegas and Trump International Hotel & Tower Waikiki Beach Walk. 
“A big key to winning is knowing where the other side is coming from.” – Think Like a Champion
There hasn’t been a missile or rocket fired in 9 months in North Korea there have been no nuclear tests and we got back our hostages. Who knows how it will all turn out in the end but why isn’t the Fake News talking about these wonderful facts? Because it is FAKE NEWS!
China is a threat to America. They are not our friend.
After two years of an expensive and comprehensive Witch Hunt the Democrats don’t like the result and they want a DO OVER. In other words the Witch Hunt continues!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016 #VoteTrump 
Leaving the White House for the Great State of North Carolina. Big progress being made on many fronts!
Follow @MELANIATRUMP's jewelry line on @QVC site 
We are getting MS-13 gang members and many other people that shouldn’t be here out of our Country! 
Now we find out that Adam Schiff was spending time together in Aspen with Glenn Simpson of GPS Fusion who wrote the fake and discredited Dossier even though Simpson was testifying before Schiff. John Solomon of @thehill
I have asked China to immediately remove all Tariffs on our agricultural products (including beef pork etc.) based on the fact that we are moving along nicely with Trade discussions....
Crooked took MILLIONS from oppressive ME countries. Will she give the $$$ back? Probably not. Don't forget her slog… 
“UPDATE: Trump plans public event at @WartburgCollege”  via @wcfcourier:
My @FoxNews interview with @gretawire discussing why I endorsed @MittRomney and why he will make a great President 
It has been reported that Robert Mueller is saying that he did not apply and interview for the job of FBI Director (and get turned down) the day before he was wrongfully appointed Special Counsel. Hope he doesn’t say that under oath in the we have numerous witnesses to the.....
Still looking to give away a RECORD $1M reward on @fundanything for a crowd funding campaign 
Welcome back James! 
One of the most effective press conferences I've ever seen! says Rush Limbaugh. Many agree.Yet FAKE MEDIA  calls it differently! Dishonest
Can you believe I am doing this important work for our Country and have to deal with Corrupt Adam Schiff and the Do Nothing Democrats at the same time? It was not intended to be this way for a President!
Record Stock Market &amp; Jobs!
.@oreillyfactor  The people of Iowa love the fact that I stuck up for my rights as I will do for the U.S. Also got $6000000 for our VETS!
We are leaving Iraq after expending a tremendous amount of blood and treasure. We should be reimbursed with oil! -- Don't give it to Iran.
A great team working hard! 
We're missing a lot of information on autism. Support @AutismSpeaks' project by visiting mss.ng #MSSNG
Very much enjoyed my tour of the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History and Culture...A great job done by amazing people!
As everybody knows but the haters &amp; losers refuse to acknowledge I do not wear a “wig.” My hair may not be perfect but it’s mine.
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future. John F. Kennedy
Rodolfo Rosas Moya and his pals in Mexico owe me a lot of money. Disgusting &amp; slow Mexico court system. Mexico is not a U.S. friend.
Is business success a natural talent? I think it's a combination of aptitude work and luck.  -- Think Like a Champion
It’s Tuesday. How many fundraisers travelling on the taxpayer dime will Obama hold today?
Remember THE HARDER YOU WORK THE LUCKIER YOU GET!
My @gretawire interview discussing the economy unemployment numbers China Charles BarkleyFrance and the election  
With 49 days until the election @MittRomney needs to stay on offense. He should not be apologizing. Deflect onto Obama's record.
.@CNN is #FakeNews. Just reported COS (John Kelly) was opposed to my stance on NFL players disrespecting FLAG ANTHEM COUNTRY. Total lie!
Sgt.Thamooressi has been held in Mexico for 115 Days. Mexico has zero respect for our border &amp; our servicemen. Boycott!  #freeourmarine
When @BarackObama is not vacationing he is hosting his top donors in the White House   Always having a good time!
The media has not covered my long-shot great finish in Iowa fairly. Brought in record voters and got second highest vote total in history!
Excited to see our friends in Egypt opening the biggest Cathedral in the Middle East. President El-Sisi is moving his country to a more inclusive future!
So true Don and this was a big lie. Look what happened to Friends of Trump for less. Can’t let this pass! 
I am happy to hear that Pres.Obama is considering giving Anna Wintour @voguemagazine an ambassadorship.  She is a winner &amp; really smart!
How can General Martin Dempsey tell Obama that delaying the Syria bombardment will have no consequences? He is no Patton or MacArthur.
America’s greatest treasure is our people – and my Administration HEARS YOUR VOICE and HAS YOUR BACK. We are fighting to give every American a future of dignity purpose and pride. AMERICAN SPIRIT is back! #TaxCuts 
Leading in the Bloomberg Iowa poll. Also my favorability numbers went up at a record almost unheard of clip. Thank you Iowa!
If I win-I am going to instruct my AG to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc there's never been anything like your lies.
I am very disappointed in China. Our foolish past leaders have allowed them to make hundreds of billions of dollars a year in trade yet...
_xx_justme  I still can't believe Donald Trump responded to my tweet. Respect" #Trump2016 He would be the best Pres for this Country." Thx
Will the Democrats give our Country a badly needed immigration win before the election? Good chance!
While I believe I will clinch before Cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates it is unfair in that there have been so many in the race!
.@AGSchneiderman Why is Douglas Durst allowed to use the Freedom Tower to get out of a lease with Conde Nast?
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point in the Bronx NY will open soon. A Jack Nicklaus Signature Design. Beautiful.  
.@JustinRose99 Great playing--we are proud of you!
Reports are there was indeed at least one FBI representative implanted for political purposes into my campaign for president. It took place very early on and long before the phony Russia Hoax became a “hot” Fake News story. If true - all time biggest political scandal!

We are not even into February and the cost of illegal immigration so far this year is $18959495168. Cost Friday was $603331392. There are at least 25772342 illegal aliens not the 11000000 that have been reported for years in our Country. So ridiculous! DHS
Thank you Diamond and Silk! 
The Dems are now coming out of shock from the terrible Mueller performance and are starting to spin impeachment all over again. How sick &amp; disgusting and bad for our Country are they. What they are doing is so wrong but they do it anyway. Dems have become the do nothing Party!
Military reps have attacked @BarackObama over Bin Laden leaks--they believe he's just using this for his benefit. Not a big surprise...
Via @BreitbartNews by @pamkeyNEN: “Trump: ObamaCare Not Working for Business Going to Collapse”  
Australia’s Central Bank cut interest rates and stated it will most likely further ease in order to make up for China’s Coronavirus situation and slowdown. They reduced to 0.5% a record low. Other countries are doing the same thing if not more so. Our Federal Reserve has us....
....through their country and our Southern Border. Mexico has for many years made a fortune off of the U.S. far greater than Border Costs. If Mexico doesn’t immediately stop ALL illegal immigration coming into the United States throug our Southern Border I will be CLOSING.....
Michelle Obama's weekend ski trip toAspen makes it 16 times that Obamas have gone on vacation in 3 years. (cont) 
My thoughts on last night's Celebrity Apprentice  also an observation I made recently 
Via @zpolitics: “Donald Trump Sends Message to @GaRepublicans” 
.@FoxNews is the only network that does not even mention my very successful event last night. $6000000 raised in one hour for our VETS.
.@MarcoRubio is weak on illegal immigration and will allow anyone into the country.....
We are building China's wealth by buying all their products even though we make better products in America.
Obama attacks the CIA for  waterboarding while routinely droning civilians caught in the Islamist crosshairs.
“There is no bribery or any crime at all alleged in the Articles of Impeachment. This is a first in the history of our Country.” @JudgeJeanine @RepMikeJohnson
This is a great and well reseached book on Justice K. The Ruth Marcus book is a badly written &amp; reseached disaster. So many incorrect facts. Fake News just like the @washingtonpost! 
“As you go through life you've got to see the valleys as well as the peaks.” – Neil Young
Great #StateDinner2018 in Ohio tonight! Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
The unexpectedly good first quarter 3.2% GDP was greatly helped by Tariffs from China. Some people just don’t get it!
“Runaway Obamacare Spending Will Cost Democrats”  via @BloombergView by @lanheechen
“Be ready for problems-you’ll have them every day. Keep your focus and be as big as your daily challenges.” – Trump Never Give Up
Senator Bob Corker "begged" me to endorse him for re-election in Tennessee. I said "NO" and he dropped out (said he could not win without...
Michelle Nunn supports Amnesty a weak border &amp; ObamaCare. She is an Obama liberal. Send DC an independent voice. Vote @Perduesenate!
This isn’t about the Wall everybody knows that a Wall will work perfectly (In Israel the Wall works 99.9%). This is only about the Dems not letting Donald Trump &amp; the Republicans have a win. They may have the 10 Senate votes but we have the issue Border Security. 2020!

It was only after I informed NBC that I wouldn't do the Apprentice that they became upset w/ me. They couldn’t care less about “inclusion"
If the government doesn't start working together the media is right &amp; we will hit a "fiscal cliff."  We need to avoid this.
Nice to see Obama released a situation room photo from Sandy.  How about releasing the photo taken during Benghazi?
The Iranians have just threatened to send warships to our coasts. They laugh at us. We can't allow them to develop nuclear weapons.
We just WON the big court case on Net Neutrality Rules! A great win for the future and speed of the internet. Will lead to many big things including 5G. Congratulations to the FCC and its Chairman Ajit Pai!
MS-13 gang members are being removed by our Great ICE and Border Patrol Agents by the thousands but these killers come back in from El Salvador and through Mexico like water. El Salvador just takes our money and Mexico must help MORE with this problem. We need The Wall!
Thank you @ScottWalker! #AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE 
Dow hits 28000 - FIRST TIME EVER HIGHEST EVER! Gee Pelosi &amp; Schitt have a good idea “lets Impeach the President.” If something like that ever happened it would lead to the biggest FALL in Market History. It’s called a Depression not a Recession! So much for 401-K’s &amp; Jobs!
The Witch Hunt finds no Collusion with Russia - so now they’re looking at the rest of the World. Oh’ great!
I am pleased to announce that highly respected Congressman John Ratcliffe of Texas will be nominated by me to be the Director of National Intelligence. A former U.S. Attorney John will lead and inspire greatness for the Country he loves. Dan Coats the current Director will....
I will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pm on FOX! Enjoy!
Trump International in Dubai  will be one of the great projects anywhere in the world. Congratulations to @damacofficial for their genius!
Terrible CBO forecast for 2013--1.4% GDP growth and 7.5%+ unemployment (really 17%+)   You get what you vote for!
I will be having a general news conference on JANUARY ELEVENTH in N.Y.C. Thank you.
Summer's almost here update your business wardrobe with Trump Signature Collection exclusively available @Macys  
.....The Fake (Corrupt) News Media said they had a leak into polling done by my campaign which by the way and despite the phony and never ending Witch Hunt are the best numbers WE have ever had. They reported Fake numbers that they made up &amp; don’t even exist. WE WILL WIN AGAIN!
Thank you Eric. So true! 
Another company that the DOE has given money to just filed for bankruptcy. This is how the money we borrow at 40% from China is wasted.
President Obama must remember that the worst thing you can do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. Be cool move slowly - and think! IRAN
Thank you Florida Ohio and Pennsylvania! #CrookedHillary is not qualified. #ImWithYou 

It's going to take an outsider to clean up after Clinton Bush and Obama. Let's Make America Great Again! 
The last thing our country needs is another BUSH! Dumb as a rock!
Will be doing @foxandfriends this morning at 7:00. ENJOY!
Thank you @TheFix- Chris Cillizza. It is a true person of character that can change his opinion &amp; do what is right. 
God bless the people of France!
The price of greatness is responsibility. -- Winston Churchill
#JOBSNOTMOBS! VOTE REPUBLICAN NOW!! 
Arrived in Palm Beach drove by a gas staion $4.50 a gallon. Result of failed @BarackObama leadership.
At a recent round table meeting of business executives &amp; long after formally introducing Tim Cook of Apple I quickly referred to Tim + Apple as Tim/Apple as an easy way to save time &amp; words. The Fake News was disparagingly all over this &amp; it became yet another bad Trump story!
.@FinancialTimes writes that "@BarackObama should pray that China overtakes US"   Don't worry he is making it happen.
Just a few moments ago I signed an EO addressing one of our nation’s most heartbreaking tragedies: VETERANS SUICIDE. To every Veteran—I want you to know that you have an entire nation of more than 300 million people behind you. You will NEVER be forgotten.
Shifty Schiff a totally corrupt politician made up a horrible and fraudulent statement read it to Congress and said those words came from me. He got caught was very embarrassed yet nothing happened to him for committing this fraud. He’ll eventually have to answer for this!
Melania will be on QVC tomorrow night at 9 p.m. ET to introduce her beautiful and inspiring Melania Timepieces & Fashion Jewelry collection.
Jerry Falwell Jr. stated speech was best in University's history...my great honor.
This is the way the @nytimes finished a story on me. “You can see the contrast between the steady assured informed and strong leadership that VP Biden (Sleepy Joe) has shown and the bungling chaotic and dishonest start-stop approach that Mr. (not Pres.) Trump has shown....
Wow just in-John Beale the top person in government on climate change (EPA) is a total fraud and just admitted it! What can they say now
Thank you @JPN_PMO @AbeShinzo! #POTUSinJapan🇺🇸🇯🇵 
Dems failed in Kansas and are now failing in Georgia. Great job Karen Handel! It is now Hollywood vs. Georgia on June 20th.
Mike Leach's lessons his takeaways from Geronimo's life are fascinating &amp; useful whether in boardroom or locker room 
Price gouging at many gas stations $10 a gallon--welcome to the new world.
The Chinese are mistreating Hillary Clinton on her trip   They have zero respect for us. Outrageous!
Oscar Pistorious will likely only serve 10 months for the cold blooded murder of his girlfriend. Another O.J. travesty.The judge is a moron!
We are going to ask Katherine Webb to be a judge at the Miss USA Pageant coming up in Las Vegas.
I just arrived in Miami where I will be checking out construction of the brand new Trump National Doral - always closely watch construction!
The Republican Party has never had such support! 
Well deserved Jack. A great honor! 
For years even as a "civilian" I listened as Republicans pushed the Repeal and Replace of ObamaCare. Now they finally have their chance!
Another sign that @jack_welch is right. New government labor report casts even more doubt on the September jobs data 
I will be on @oreillyfactor at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Love seeing union &amp; non-union members alike are defecting to Trump. I will create jobs like no one else. Their #Dem leaders can’t compete!
I'll be  on Greta Van Susteren's show tonight at 10 PM on FoxNews. Tune in.
Obamacare puts poor people on a form of government run single-payer health insurance that many doctors don't take - @Avik
The Mexican legal system is corrupt as is much of Mexico. Pay me the money that is owed me now - and stop sending criminals over our border
Join me! #Trump20166/10:   
#trumpvlog @BarackObama's dismal record in today's video blog.... 
Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals. Know precisely what you want to achieve. Have your own vision and stick with it!
THANK YOU Jim for your incredible support of our #MAGA Agenda! You are a tremendous Senator for the people of the Great State of Oklahoma and you have my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
North Carolina Governor Cooper Vetoed a Bill that would have required Sheriffs to cooperate with Ice. This is a terrible decision for the great people of North Carolina. He should reverse his decision and get back to the basics of fighting crime!
CNN and others in the Fake News Business keep purposely and inaccurately reporting that I said the “Media is the Enemy of the People.” Wrong! I said that the “Fake News (Media) is the Enemy of the People” a very big difference. When you give out false information - not good!
We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016 # 
'President-Elect Donald J. Trump Intends to Nominate Congressman Tom Price and Seema Verma.' 
Yesterday Obama campaigned with JayZ &amp; Springsteen while Hurricane Sandy victims across NY &amp; NJ are still decimated by Sandy.  Wrong!
Do you believe this? The New York Times Op-Ed: MEDIA AND DEMOCRATS OWE TRUMP AN APOLOGY. Well they got that one right!
The so-called leaks coming out of the White House are a massive over  exaggeration put out by the Fake News Media in order to make us look as bad as possible. With that being said leakers are traitors and cowards and we will find out who they are!
May God Forever Bless the United States of America. #NeverForget911 
“I never saw so many subpoenas!” @ShannonBream  @FoxNews  The Democrats have gone Crazy. Just read the Transcript or listen to the New Ukraine President’s statement NO PRESSURE! This is a Democrat Con Job. Impeach Schiff for FRAUD!
Can you imagine if these Do Nothing Democrat Savages people like Nadler Schiff AOC Plus 3 and many more had a Republican Party who would have done to Obama what the Do Nothings are doing to me. Oh well maybe next time!
…..Guy in front asked for picture- said he was the biggest fan never saw the guy in back.
He thinks that the wealth you create belongs to the government--@BarackObama doesn't respect the fact that the (cont)  19:35:41,32,9,false,149211386621337600Twitter Web Client,People who have the ability to work should. But with the government happy to send checks too many of them don't." #TimeToGetTough
Everyone is saying the bad news is that Donald Trump is going to take credit &amp; they are right—Mitt wouldn’t have won anyway.
What is Mitch McConnell thinking?...make the big deal!
It is my pleasure to announce that @StephenMoore a very respected Economist will be nominated to serve on the Fed Board. I have known Steve for a long time – and have no doubt he will be an outstanding choice!
Just spoke to President Macri of Argentina about the five proud and wonderful men killed in the West Side terror attack. God be with them!
Important day spent at Camp David with our very talented Generals and military leaders. Many decisions made including on Afghanistan.
“Trump has been the most consequential president in history when it comes to minority employment. In June for instance the unemployment rate for Hispanics and Latinos 16 years and older fell to 4.6% its lowest level ever from 4.9% in May.” 
Entrepreneurs: Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Never give up!
Tune in &amp; join me live in Albany New York! 7pmE start time! I love you New York! #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain 
Great win by the @nyjets yesterday.  If they run the table they will make the playoffs.
“Trump could be great friend if ‘Second Amendment’ enthusiasm is real”  via @SFLuxe
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00.  Will be discussing the disgusting and wasteful $635 million website rollout and more!
....it to Congress and the American people as though it was the statement of the President of the United States me. He did it to fool Congress and the public in order to make me look BAD. He is a sick puppy!
My @foxandfriends interview discussing the Benghazi cover-up Hostess' closing &amp; celebrating Thanksgiving with family  
“The Lisa Page (FBI) transcript also confirms earlier reporting that Page testified Russian Collusion was still unproven when Special Counsel Robert Mueller was appointed.” Catherine Herridge @FoxNews  In other words they appointed someone when there was (and is) no crime. Bad!
CORRUPT--with the national security leaks and Fast &amp; Furious there are clearly at least two cover ups in @BarackObama's White House.
The European Union makes it impossible for our farmers and workers and companies to do business in Europe (U.S. has a $151 Billion trade deficit) and then they want us to happily defend them through NATO and nicely pay for it. Just doesn’t work!
The only global warming that people should be concerned with is the global warming caused by nuclear weapons because of our weak U.S. leader
Heading to Colorado for a big rally. Massive crowd great people! Will be there soon - the polls are looking good.
Thank you for the incredible support- Melania Barron Ivanka Jared Tiffany Don Vanessa Eric and Lara!
THANK YOU California Maryland New York and Pennsylvania! See you soon!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Via @Newsmax_Media by @wandacarruthers: "Trump: 'Inconceivable' Obama didn't know about ISIS threat"  
Today we honor Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. on the 50th anniversary of his assassination. Earlier this year I spoke about Dr. King’s legacy of justice and peace and his impact on uniting Americans. #MLK50 Proclamation:  
Will be speaking with Italy this morning!
Thank you Bill! 
The cost of ObamaCare is far too high for our great citizens. The deductibles in many cases way over $7000 make it almost worthless or unusable. Good things are going to happen! @SenRickScott  @senatemajldr @SenJohnBarrasso  @SenBillCassidy
I believe in #AmericaFirst and that means FAMILY FIRST! My childcare plan reflects the needs of modern working-clas… 
Mark Levin will be on @foxandfriends now! Great guy.
My new club on the Atlantic Ocean in Ireland will soon be one of the best in the World - and no-one will be looking into ugly wind turbines!
The election result in France is very disappointing. The Europeans have to embrace austerity in order for their economy to fully recover.
Rep. Adam Schiff totally made up my conversation with Ukraine President and read it to Congress and Millions. He must resign and be investigated. He has been doing this for two years. He is a sick man!
Answer to your questions- I will be voting at 10:30 AM at Lighthouse International 110 East 60th Street Manhattan
Newly minted diplomat @dennisrodman is a completely different competitor in All-Star @CelebApprentice. Dennis is a legend!
After Friday’s Twilight release I hope Robert Pattinson will not be seen in public with Kristen--she will cheat on him again!
All civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in safety and in peace.
Wow the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess. But fear not the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn!
Is everyone enjoying ObamaCare’s 21 new 2014 taxes?  It’s Obama’s special gift added on to your rising premium.
Today it was my great honor to welcome @NATO Secretary General @JensStoltenberg to the @WhiteHouse! 
Many are blaming me and the United States for the problems going on in Hong Kong. I can’t imagine why?
...that FEMA our Military and our First Responders who are all unbelievable are a disaster and not doing a good job. This will be a total lie but that’s what they do and everybody knows it!
....positions of power. That’s part of the story of the Russia Hoax. Christopher Steele is on the payroll of Hillary Clinton &amp; the FBI &amp; when they fired him for lying they continued to use him. Violation of FBI regulations. Kept trying to verify the unverifiable.” @GreggJarrett
A sad day for the Democrats Kirsten Gillibrand has dropped out of the Presidential Primary. I’m glad they never found out that she was the one I was really afraid of!
Possible progress being made in talks with North Korea. For the first time in many years a serious effort is being made by all parties concerned. The World is watching and waiting! May be false hope but the U.S. is ready to go hard in either direction!
Today we honored our true American heroes on the first-ever National Vietnam War Veterans Day.#ThankAVeteran… 
Too bad the Dems in Congress won’t do anything at all about Border Security. They want Open Borders which means crime. But we are getting it done including building the Wall! More people than ever before are coming because the USA Economy is so good the best in history.
.@melaniatrump on @QVC tonight at 7PM EST. Tune in!
Great! 
So now that Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the “unsolved mystery” that took place in Florida years ago? Investigate!
Make sure to verify the voting machine does not switch your vote. If you have any problems notify the poll workers.
New CNN/WMUR New Hampshire poll just released. Thank you! #FITN #Trump2016 
#ThankYouTour2016 Tonight- Orlando Florida Tickets:  Mobile AlabamaTickets:… 
TRUTH IS A FORCE OF NATURE!
Thank you very much for the nice story I greatly appreciate it- 
The newly built Blue Monster at Trump National Doral is being considered a "masterpiece" by almost all who see it and play it - THANK YOU!
.... to do The Apprentice but I approved you anyway. Without my show you’d be nothing!
Congratulations to Nick Bosa on being picked number two in the NFL Draft. You will be a great player for years to come maybe one of the best. Big Talent! San Francisco will embrace you but most importantly always stay true to yourself. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Why isn't the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill &amp; Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia Russian speech....
New Stock Market RECORD. Congratulations spend your money wisely. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!!!!!
Just out: Boston Herald/Franklin Pierce Poll  N.H.  TRUMP 28 (up 10)  CARSON 16  BUSH 9  RUBIO 6  CRUZ 5  Press will say they are surging!
.....China has been taking advantage of the United States on Trade for many years. They also know that I am the one that knows how to stop it. There will be great and fast economic retaliation against China if our farmers ranchers and/or industrial workers are targeted!
States and Cities throughout our Country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers. Very unfair to traditional tax paying stores!
I would have done even better in the election if that is possible if the winner was based on popular vote - but would campaign differently
It was great being with Chairman Kim Jong Un of North Korea this weekend. We had a great meeting he looked really well and very healthy - I look forward to seeing him again soon....
Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Work on what you will be proud to be associated with--make your work count.
.@TrumpNationalNY is NY's best golf club. A 5 Star Diamond Award winner w/ an elite golf course &amp; top facilities 
Massive amounts of medical supplies even hospitals and medical centers are being delivered directly to states and hospitals by the Federal Government. Some have insatiable appetites &amp; are never satisfied (politics?). Remember we are a backup for them. The complainers should...
.@BrandenRoderick did a great job on All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC.  Raised a lot of money for charity while looking great.
We are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in Florida- on behalf of little Marco Rubio. No way to run a country!
The Whistleblower gave false information &amp; dealt with corrupt politician Schiff. He must be brought forward to testify. Written answers not acceptable! Where is the 2nd Whistleblower? He disappeared after I released the transcript. Does he even exist? Where is the informant? Con!
The farmers are really happy with the new China Trade Deal and the soon to be signed deal with Mexico and Canada but I hope the thing they will most remember is the fact that I was able to take massive incoming Tariff money and use it to help them get through the tough times!
Amazing! AG Schneiderman sues a school w/ a 98% approval rating but doesn’t go after billion $ fraudsters all over Wall St.
Just returned to the White House from the Great States of North Carolina and South Carolina where incredible work is being done on the ongoing fight against hurricane Florence. Tremendous talent and spirit!
In analyzing the Alabama Primary raceFAKE NEWS always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after endorsement!
....In the meantime our teams will be meeting to work on some solutions to very long term and persistent problems. No rush but I am sure we will ultimately get there!
.#RogerStone was just banned by @CNN - their loss! Tough loyal guy.
Everyone's wondering what's wrong with A-Rod. Not one sports writer blames it on his not being able to use drugs anymore-- the real reason. 
Wow Nellie Ohr Bruce Ohr’s wife is a Russia expert who is fluent in Russian. She worked for Fusion GPS where she was paid a lot. Collusion! Bruce was a boss at the Department of Justice and is unbelievably still there!
Big Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach. I will be there!
Thanks to @TheRealMarilu a great woman for her wonderful defense of the Miss USA pageant.
“School shooting survivor says he quit @CNN Town Hall after refusing scripted question.” @TuckerCarlson. Just like so much of CNN Fake News. That’s why their ratings are so bad! MSNBC may be worse.
“Being an entrepreneur is a big task. So what can you do to prepare? First and foremost expand your focus.” - Midas Touch
Look how small the pages have become @WSJ. Looks like a tabloid—saving money I assume!
I was elected on getting out of these ridiculous endless wars where our great Military functions as a policing operation to the benefit of people who don’t even like the USA. The two most unhappy countries at this move are Russia &amp; China because they love seeing us bogged.....
My people caught the person who committed "forgery" of the James Gandolfini-Obama Care phoney quote attributed to me-fraud. Arrest coming?
.@politico covers me more inaccurately than any other media source and that is saying something. They go out of their way to distort truth!
Animals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina just firebombed our office in Orange County because we are winning @NCGOP
Today I spoke with our Nation’s Small Businesses which employ nearly half of America’s workforce. We are taking the MOST aggressive action in history to deliver fast relief to your businesses and workers. We will always protect our Small Businesses! @SBAgov 
62 years ago this week a brave seamstress in Montgomery Alabama uttered one word that changed history... 
Great meeting @GarySinise at @AmSpec dinner. Besides his great acting Gary does tremendous work for vets through his foundation.
What is never said is that people take a big risk with their money and can lose it all. We should be given credit for taking this risk.
....Melania and I send our heartfelt thoughts and prayers to the great people of Texas.
....Think of what it could have been if the Fed had gotten it right. Thousands of points higher on the Dow and GDP in the 4’s or even 5’s. Now they stick like a stubborn child when we need rates cuts &amp; easing to make up for what other countries are doing against us. Blew it!
“Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith.” - Steve Jobs
Dummy @Clare_OC @Forbes: Tiny fragrance deal with Parlux means nothing. Still sold at Trump Tower...
Such bad reporting: A puff piece on Ben Carson in the @nytimes states that Carson "is trying to solidify his lead." But I am #1 easily! Sad
I will be on @meetthepress in an interview with @chucktodd on Sunday morning. So much to talk about!
The massive Blue Monster @TrumpDoral is getting rave reviews. I built it in one year—no easy feat!
The best vision is insight. -- Malcolm Forbes
Watched @davidaxelrod on @oreillyfactor and the dog hit me even after I made a big contribution to his charity. I never went bankrupt!
....More and more states want to do this but their governors and leaders don’t have the courage to do so. The politics will soon mandate however because people from California &amp; all over the land are demanding that Sanctuary Cities be GONE. No illegals Drugs or Trafficking!
Providing backstage commentary at the Miss USA Pageant will be comedic mother-daughter duo Joan and Melissa Rivers. A fantastic lineup!
...to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no!
“Remarks by President Trump on a Year of Historic Progress and Action to Combat the Opioid Crisis”  
THANK YOU! #ThankATrucker 
....different places that he thought were wasteful and the career staff as they always do pushed back and made a million excuses as to why they could not possibly stop spending U.S. taxpayer money. There was a back &amp; forth over the legal arguments &amp; the W.H. decision was....
Great! 
Happy Friday the 13th 
So it has now been determined by 18 people that truly hate President Trump that there was No Collusion with Russia. In fact it was an illegal investigation that should never have been allowed to start. I fought back hard against this Phony &amp; Treasonous Hoax!
Great to be in Riyadh Saudi Arabia. Looking forward to the afternoon and evening ahead. #POTUSAbroad 
“Do not view any failure as the end. Learn your lessons quickly then move on.” – Think Big
Study your area of business. All business involves risk but risk can be reduced when you learn everything you can about what you’re doing.
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
The only reason I am critical of the Pinehurst look is because I’m a lover of golf—and that look on TV hurts golf badly.
The United States has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely RELATED to national security -economic security IS national security. It is vital to our national strength. #APEC2017 
Great Army - Navy Game. Army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF’S TROPHY! Congratulations!
“The Obama White House had to immediately issue an apology for Joe Biden’s remarks and any alarm that he might have caused an alarm about a Swine Flu outbreak that took 6 months for President Obama to declare a National Emergency and that killed 12000 Americans.” @LouDobbs
It’s great to have a wonderful subject President Trump. Fake News like CNN &amp; MSNBC are dying. If they treated me fairly they would do well. Have Zero credibility! 
Welcome to the new reality. @BarackObama is now letting China buy US banks  The US government is selling us out.
The @Yankees should break A-Rod's contract immediately—he misrepresented.
In France we are all laughing at how knowingly inaccurate the U.S. reporting of events and conversations at the G-7 is. These Leaders and many others are getting a major case study of Fake News at it’s finest! They’ve got it all wrong from Iran to China Tariffs to Boris!
Young entrepreneurs – always remember in negotiations that sometimes the best deal you make is the one you walk away from.
#TBT A picture of my fantastic father and myself. Best teacher in the world! A great Father’s Day… 
Does anybody really believe that Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. talked only about "grandkids" and golf for 37 minutes in plane on tarmac?
S&amp;P opens at Record High!
Wish I could share with everyone the beauty and majesty of being in the White House and looking outside at the snow filled lawns and Rose Garden. Really is something - SPECIAL COUNTRY SPECIAL PLACE!
China is the biggest environmental polluter in the World by far. They do nothing to clean up their factories and laugh at our stupidity!
Turn to QVC now to watch Melania - really good stuff!
.@FoxNews - "Objectified" tonight at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!
I will be on @SpecialReport with @BretBaier tonight at 6PM. 
I have decided to add a caveat to my offer. Obama can't decide to send my $5M to Rev. Wright if he releases his records.
Trump vows to fight 'epidemic' of human trafficking 
Prominent legal scholars agree that our actions to address the National Emergency at the Southern Border and to protect the American people are both CONSTITUTIONAL and EXPRESSLY authorized by Congress....
RomneyCare/ObamaCare architect Gruber apologized for his comments. He should apologize for the $2T monstrosity &amp; return all taxpayer money.
He's hired! Listen to my #Apprentice Andy launchhis radio show @AmericaNowRadio with me tomorrow 6PM 
This week we saw what Obama Care actually does when implemented.  It is a losing issue for @BarackObama and must be repealed.
There is no way that Carly  Fiorina can become the Republican Nominee or win against the Dems. Boxer killed her for Senate in California!
I think somebody should pick Johnny Football - he will be a star.
Remember tonight (Monday) the second and third episodes of The Apprentice are on at 8:00 &amp; 9:00. Great ratings last night 18 - 49. FUN!
I will miss Mike Wallace. He did a major interview with me for 60 Minutes and it was totally fair and balanced. (cont) 
I hope the discovery and eventual recovery of the Argentine submarine San Juan brings needed closure to the wonderful families of those brave missing sailors. I look forward to hearing more from my friend President @MauricioMacri in Argentina later this month.
Just as I predicted immigration reform will increase the cost of ObamaCare over $300B  More money borrowed from China.
Happy #CincoDeMayo! The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics!  
Thank you to our great Police Chiefs &amp; Sheriffs for your leadership &amp; service. You have a true friend in the… 
So what will happen to the Big O on Celebrity Apprentice tonight. Remember I only fire people when it is deserved not for other reasons!
Really beautiful to see! 
New episode starting now!
Chance favors the prepared mind.-- Louis Pasteur
The United States Treasury has taken in MANY billions of dollars from the Tariffs we are charging China and other countries that have not treated us fairly. In the meantime we are doing well in various Trade Negotiations currently going on. At some point this had to be done!
I am not a fan of Bitcoin and other Cryptocurrencies which are not money and whose value is highly volatile and based on thin air. Unregulated Crypto Assets can facilitate unlawful behavior including drug trade and other illegal activity....
Really bad ratings  for Lawrence O'Donnell on MSNBC---O'Reilly is killing him!
Wow great foresight! 
....said what she did even being on a much higher rated show she would have been thrown off television. Will Fake News NBC allow a McCarthy style Racist to continue? ABC fired Roseanne. Watch the double standard!
I wonder what @JoeBiden was thinking last night as @PaulRyanVP delivered that knockout speech. Joe should call in sick for the VP debate.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our great @VP Mike Pence! 
How can the economy ever recover when @BarackObama keeps threatening the private sector with more taxes. This is no way to spur growth.
Heading to Dubuque Iowa and then Granite City Illinois. Looking  forward to being with many great friends!
 
Trump University has a 98% approval rating. I could have settled but won't out of principle!
Are the Republicans going to blow their chance to take the Senate? Must focus on ObamaCare and amnesty.
I will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:30. Enjoy!
We need to worry about the American worker first!
Carson now admits his friend named "Bob" who he tried to stab (Bob was saved by his belt buckle!) no longer exists as Bob. Wrong name!
Now that her claims of being of Indian heritage have turned out to be a scam and a lie Elizabeth Warren should apologize for perpetrating this fraud against the American Public. Harvard called her “a person of color” (amazing con) and would not have taken her otherwise!
While under no obligation to do so I have raised between 5 &amp; 6 million dollars including 1million dollars from me for our VETERANS. Nice!
.@DottieandBogey Thanks for nice comments over weekend re Turnberry. You and your husband have fantastic taste! Also great commentary.
Great to see @Yankees Captain Derek Jeter back on the field.  He will have another great season and make NYC proud again.
If I wanted to fire Robert Mueller in December as reported by the Failing New York Times I would have fired him. Just more Fake News from a biased newspaper!
'What I Like About Trump ... and Why You Need to Vote for Him'
On our YouTube channel- the opening of the incredible Trump Ocean Club in Panama.... 
We must leave "stop and frisk" for A-Rod and Anthony Weiner!
The Dems are working hard to take the prized nomination away from Bernie. Back room politics which Bernie is not very good at. His people will not let it happen again!
If the U.S. Government doesn't give the money necessary for the burials of our military personnel I will.The U.S. under Obama's leadership!
The military generals are fuming at Obama. He has boxed them in against ISIS with a strategy that is destined to fail. Sad!
I'll be co-hosting @extratv tonight. Be sure to tune in!
Really looking forward to my address @CPACnews this Friday morning at 8:30. Will stress jobs etc. Can't wait to see my many friends.
We need a real President! 
.....So what the hell has happened to @FoxNews. Only I know! Chris Wallace and others should be on Fake News CNN or MSDNC. How’s Shep Smith doing? Watch this will be the beginning of the end for Fox just like the other two which are dying in the ratings. Social Media is great!
Aetna CEO: Obamacare in 'Death Spiral' #RepealAndReplace 
Beauty arrives to Moscow’s Crocus City Hall this 11.9.!  On @nbc the world will watch @MissUniverse 2013 crowned  
'Top Hillary Adviser Mocked Plotted Attacks on Pro-Sanders Civil Rights Leader' #DrainTheSwamp 
The Fake News Media and their partner the Democrat Party want to stay as far away as possible from the Joe Biden demand that the Ukrainian Government fire a prosecutor who was investigating his son or they won’t get a very large amount of U.S. money so they fabricate a.....
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing Jamie Dimon the Doral Miami purchase OPEC's output &amp; @PGATOUR Open 
Keep testing your limits. Never become complacent.  Always think big!
Why didn't Obama as part of the negotiation free the Christian Pastor Saeed Abedini?  
Be sure to watch #MissUniverse tonight at 8PM on @nbc with its first simulcast on @Telemundo!
Loved doing #NCGOPConvention keynote speech last night! Unbelievable reception. Had the biggest crowds by far of any of the GOP candidates.
THANK YOU SOUTH CAROLINA! 
Via @politico: "Donald Trump to get more CPAC time than Marco Rubio"  @CPACnews knows how to prioritize!
Hillary Clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me. No policy and always very short (stamina). Media gives her a pass!
We will be by mutual consent temporarily closing our Northern Border with Canada to non-essential traffic. Trade will not be affected. Details to follow!
Will the Benghazi terrorist use the videotape as a defense? If so will Obama apologize to him?
The SECRET meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. in back of closed plane was heightened with FBI shouting "go away no pictures."
I always believed @BretMichaels was making a mistake in coming back as a competitor. I disagree with him but... 
Poll numbers way up - making big progress!
Because of Rodolfo Rosas Moya who owes me lots of money Mexico will never again host the Miss Universe Pageant.
We will bring back our jobs. We will bring back our borders. We will bring back our wealth - and we will bring back our dreams!
Great meeting with @NaghmehAbedini the wonderful wife of Christian Pastor Saeed who is in Iranian prison. #savesaeed 
If ObamaCare is not repealed then we can expect stagnant growth long term unemployment and record high premiums.
A simplified tax code would spur economic growth and help create jobs. Unfortunately  Washington is incapable of simplifying anything.
Obama's planned tax hike will hit over 1 million small businesses  Expect more massive unemployment and stagnant growth
On my way to Macon Georgia where the crowds are massive for a 4pmE #MAGARally. Will be in Chattanooga Tennessee tonight seen below for a 7pmE rally. Something’s happening! Everyone needs to get out and VOTE! 
What the Democrats are doing is “Obstruction of the Senate. It’s wrong Constitutionally it’s wrong morally and it’s wrong politically.” @AlanDersh  @seanhannity  @dbongino l agree and so does the public!
#CelebApprentice Selfies- yes or no?
If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure stop trying to balance them. Instead make your work more pleasurable.
Nice! 
Just wrapped up a great meeting with my friend Prime Minister @NarendraModi of India at the #G7Summit in Biarritz France! 

What we are watching on our TV screens is the unraveling of the Obama foreign policy. --@PaulRyanVP
When will all the haters and fools out there realize that having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing not a bad thing. There always playing politics - bad for our country. I want to solve North Korea Syria Ukraine terrorism and Russia can greatly help!
Could be the hurricane helps @MittRomney--people are rioting in the streets over gasoline
Via @Newsmax_Media: "Trump: Americans 'Desperate for Leadership'" 
WE ARE WITH YOU FLORIDA!Emergency Information 1-800-342- 1-800-FL-HELP- 
Glad to hear Clint Eastwood endorsed @MittRomney. He understands that America needs a big boost to be strong again.
Price transparency is so important for the people of our Country. In many ways it will prove to be as important as healthcare itself. A great issue for both Republicans and Democrats. Hopefully it will be approved!
America needs strong leadership. Politicians can talk but they don’t get things done. Video:  
Crooked Hillary Clinton will be a disaster on jobs the economy trade healthcare the military guns and just about all else. Obama plus!
Join me live in Cincinnati Ohio!#TrumpRally #
Thank you South Dakota! #Trump2016  
Thank you. 
I am thrilled to be here in Ohio with the hardworking men and women of the Lima Army Tank Plant! We are here today to celebrate a resounding victory for all of you for Northwest Ohio for our GREAT MILITARY and for our entire Country...
The Iraqi Army is useless. President Obama stay the hell out of Iraq (we should never have been there in the first place).
I wish the 23 million who are unemployed were able to celebrate like the Democrats in Charlotte right now.
“If dozens of Federal prosecutors spent two years trying to charge you with a crime and found they couldn’t it would mean there wasn’t any evidence you did it - and that’s what happened here - that’s what we just learned from the Mueller Report.”  @TuckerCarlson
We’re singlehandedly transferring hundreds of billions of dollars a year...,01-15-2013 20:09:42,45,17,false,291275990884315137Twitter Web Client,... to OPEC countries that hate our guts.  It’s stupid policy.”- Time To Get Tough,01-15-2013 20:09:38,47,24,false,291275974019006464Twitter Web Client,@GOP is burying itself. 63% of Republican voters think @GOP Congress is ‘out of touch’  ...,01-15-2013 20:05:39,16,2,false,291274972842831872Twitter Web Client,... Is a third party coming? I hope not.,01-15-2013 20:05:36,75,64,false,291274957701386241Twitter Web Client,@kingantoine1  Thanks Antoine.,01-15-2013 20:02:12,2,1,false,291274102579273728Twitter Web Client,.@Playboy Playmate of the Year @BrandenRoderick returns to the 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice--she is smart &amp; beautiful.,01-15-2013 19:16:51,29,15,false,291262690675011586Twitter Web Client,The word is that Lance Armstrong will now implicate officials and others --- but who knows if he’s telling the truth,01-15-2013 19:14:47,120,29,false,291262171650854913Twitter Web Client,“Hard work is my personal method for financial success.  You can do it too.” - Think Big,01-15-2013 17:52:36,637,251,false,291241486459228160Twitter Web Client,“Do your homework before you invest.  A dumb investor is a dead investor.”  – Think Like a Billionaire,01-15-2013 17:51:23,514,172,false,291241183760482304Twitter Web Client,@8zz8 Wrong!,01-15-2013 17:17:10,1,3,false,291232572606906368Twitter Web Client,@Sheriffbrody @antbaxter Scotland course held up to storm very well.,01-15-2013 17:16:32,2,1,false,291232411260428289Twitter Web Client,@mrjamesmack  Wrong--course held up very well despite monster storm.,01-15-2013 17:15:46,0,0,false,291232217269678081Twitter Web Client,@JaneyGodley  No held up to storm very well.,01-15-2013 17:10:14,1,1,false,291230824743960576Twitter Web Client,We were led to believe that Jeep would manufacture in U.S. and sell to China—like China does to us.,01-15-2013 17:05:20,97,35,false,291229591626973187Twitter Web Client,Unlike U.S. China taxes things made in the U.S. and sold in China. China demands plants we don’t. Stupid!,01-15-2013 16:39:59,212,69,false,291223214267441153Twitter Web Client,Lance Armstrong’s liability &amp; lawsuits against him have just increased tenfold—his lawyers will be very happy—lots of fees!,01-15-2013 16:20:30,138,31,false,291218308617875456Twitter Web Client,Lance Armstrong is having a breakdown. What is he doing—his life is now officially over!,01-15-2013 16:19:16,240,70,false,291218000948908032Twitter Web Client,From Bloomberg: “Chrysler’s Jeep expects China production agreement soon.”  I told you so.,01-15-2013 16:04:53,203,43,false,291214378987057152Twitter Web Client,Never bet against Bob Kraft Bill Belichick or Tom Brady! @Patriots,01-15-2013 15:53:36,1092,604,false,291211539535519744Twitter Web Client,@bradleycmc Thanks Bradley.,01-15-2013 15:10:39,1,0,false,291200733833998336Twitter Web Client,@pattilee22   Thanks and good luck.,01-15-2013 14:25:14,2,0,false,291189302992461824Twitter Web Client,“You can have the most wonderful product in the world but if people don’t know about it it’s not worth much.” - The Art of the Deal,01-15-2013 14:15:58,861,319,false,291186971840241665Twitter Web Client,“I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom.” -- George S. Patton,01-14-2013 22:35:23,1261,503,false,290950264821788672Twitter Web Client,@theHunterWatts  Thanks enjoy.,01-14-2013 22:32:09,2,10,false,290949450468302848Twitter Web Client,@BennyDoesTweets  Thanks.,01-14-2013 22:27:02,6,26,false,290948163047669760Twitter Web Client,Where’s the press?  1484: 72% of Afghan Casualties Have Occurred Under Obama  22:16:31,341,58,false,290945519214280706Twitter Web Client,Can you believe that the Afghan war is our “longest war” ever—bring our troops home rebuild the U.S. make America great again.,01-14-2013 22:07:46,407,146,false,290943315791204352Twitter Web Client,If someone says “I’ll bet you ten dollars” and loses the bet it’s pay up time.,01-14-2013 21:47:04,363,181,false,290938105077329920Twitter Web Client,“A savvy investor is a sponge for information. You have to read the newspapers...,01-14-2013 21:44:39,151,70,false,290937496206974976Twitter Web Client,Please tune in January 15th at 6:00AM EST and 6:00PM EST to the QVC network to watch my wife @MELANIATRUMP...,01-14-2013 21:42:16,15,13,false,290936899965702145Twitter Web Client,... debut her first 2013 “Melania® Timepieces &amp; Fashion Jewelry” collection!,01-14-2013 21:42:11,9,11,false,290936877614256128Twitter Web Client,It is snowing in Jerusalem and across Lebanon.  Global warming!,01-14-2013 21:10:38,572,188,false,290928938585300992Twitter Web Client,I agree with Pres. Obama on Afghanistan.  We should have a speedy withdrawal.  Why should we keep wasting our money -- rebuild the U.S.!,01-14-2013 20:59:43,543,318,false,290926188787036161Twitter Web Client,Everyone is starting to feel the new tax hikes.  You get what you vote for!,01-14-2013 20:48:49,1325,380,false,290923445267603456Twitter Web Client,There’s nothing “compassionate” about allowing welfare dependency to be passed from generation to generation." - Time To Get Tough
Stock Market up big. New and Historic Record. Job jobs jobs!
One of the many great things about our just signed giant Trade Deal with China is that it will bring both the USA &amp; China closer together in so many other ways. Terrific working with President Xi a man who truly loves his country. Much more to come!
Will be on @oreillyfactor tonight. Signing a copy of Crippled America for Bill! 
There is ZERO margin for error on Ebola. Are we confident in Obama when he can’t even make a website for $5 Billion?
Just left Family Leadership Summit in Iowa got a standing ovation from many wonderful people. I will be back soon.
Why would the great people of Florida vote for a guy who as a Senator never even shows up to vote - worst record. Marco Rubio is a joke!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 9:00 A.M. I will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled Republican primaries!
Congratulations to new Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison. There are no greater friends than the United States and Australia!
After historic victories against ISIS it’s time to bring our great young people home! 
Nick Adams "Retaking America"  "Best things of this presidency aren't reported about. Convinced this will be perhaps best presidency ever."
If you come after the President the Country the Flag - he’s going to defend himself. What the squad doesn’t like is that Donald Trump is enforcing the very laws that are on the books that were put there by Congress.” Jason Chaffetz. Also buy Jason’s great new book POWER GRAB!
“These guys the investigators ought to be in jail. What they have done working with the Obama intelligence agencies is simply unprecedented. This is one of the greatest political hoaxes ever perpetrated on the people of this Country and Mueller is a coverup.”  Rush Limbaugh
...North Korea to be identified as a result of my Summit with Chairman Kim. These HEROES are home they may Rest In Peace and hopefully their families can have closure.
The United States is prepared to work with each of the leaders in this room today to achieve mutually beneficial commerce that is in the interests of both your countries and mine. That is the message I am here to deliver today. #APEC2017 
I will replace it with private plans health savings accounts &amp; allow purchasing across state lines. Maximum choice &amp; freedom for consumer.
Despite the disgusting illegal and unwarranted Witch Hunt we have had the most successful first 17 month Administration in U.S. history - by far! Sorry to the Fake News Media and “Haters” but that’s the way it is!
#TrumpVlog South African justice- 
.@danabrams Dan of course stories on me do well.  Glad you have found a medium you can actual do well on.  TV was not your forte.
Michael Cohen plead guilty to two counts of campaign finance violations that are not a crime. President Obama had a big campaign finance violation and it was easily settled!
The federal gov. has handled Sandy worse than Katrina.  There is no excuse why people don’t have electricity or fuel yet.
Great new poll- thank you! 
Kevin Hassett who has done such a great job for me and the Administration will be leaving shortly. His very talented replacement will be named as soon as I get back to the U.S. I want to thank Kevin for all he has done - he is a true friend!
Thank you to @OANN One America News for your fair coverage and brilliant reporting. It is appreciated by many people trying so hard to find a new consistent and powerful VOICE! See you tonight at the Big Rally in Minneapolis.
Stephanie Cutter Attended WH Meetings With IRS Chief   Great investigative work by Jim Hoft @gatewaypundit
All time hit leader Pete Rose should now be in the Baseball Hall Of Fame. He has paid his penalty!
...Danny O’Connor is a total puppet for Nancy Pelosi and Maxine Waters – Danny wants to raise your taxes open your borders and take away your 2nd Amendment. Vote for Troy on Tuesday!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain # 
Ratings are way down lost all credibility. Beautiful to watch! 
I am now inspecting the Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue - will be a great hotel. Soon off to the Oklahoma State Fair!
Thank you Iowa! I appreciate all of your support @IowaCentral &amp; @ethanolbyPOET this evening! #Trump2016 #IACaucus 
Vietnam is thriving like few places on earth. North Korea would be the same and very quickly if it would denuclearize. The potential is AWESOME a great opportunity like almost none other in history for my friend Kim Jong Un. We will know fairly soon - Very Interesting!
Pastor Andrew Brunson a fine gentleman and Christian leader in the United States is on trial and being persecuted in Turkey for no reason. They call him a Spy but I am more a Spy than he is. Hopefully he will be allowed to come home to his beautiful family where he belongs!
Many meetings today in Bedminster including with Secretary Linda M and Small Business. Job numbers are looking great!
Here we go with Mitt Romney but so fast! Question will be is he a Flake?  I hope not. Would much prefer that Mitt focus on Border Security and so many other things where he can be helpful. I won big and he didn’t. He should be happy for all Republicans. Be a TEAM player &amp; WIN!
Nancy Pelosi will go down as the absolute worst Speaker of the House in U.S. history!
Proclamation on Days of Remembrance of Victims of the Holocaust:  
It's Thursday how many more bias press reports will be released against @MittRomney?
In any business venture remember that branding is one of the most crucial aspects of your enterprise. Fight hard for that brand of yours.
....We have the greatest healthcare system experts scientists and doctors anywhere in the world. Together we will PREVAIL!
I like Michael Douglas!
New poll - thank you! # 
Despite the unnecessary and destructive actions taken by the Fed the Economy is looking very strong the China and USMCA deals are moving along nicely there is little or no Inflation and USA optimism is very high!
Surprise-In a post-election delayed release food stamp rolls surged to biggest monthly increase and an all-time high 
Jim Mattis Calls Woodward Book 'Fiction': 'Product of Someone's Rich Imagination'  via @BreitbartNews
President Obama's approval rating at 38% is at an all-time low. Gee I wonder why?
Congrats to Senator McConnell and @TheTeaParty_net’s Kellen Guida on yesterday’s successful Tea Party Caucus 
President Obama has a major meeting on the N.Y.C. Ebola outbreak with people flying in from all over the country but decided to play golf!
Impeached for what having created the greatest Economy in the history of our Country building our strongest ever Military Cutting Taxes too much? 
Obama told @NBC that Egypt is no longer an ally. They used to be until he pushed out Mubarak.
....When I won the Election in 2016 the @nytimes had to beg their fleeing subscribers for forgiveness in that they covered the Election (and me) so badly. They didn’t have a clue it was pathetic. They even apologized to me. But now they are even worse really corrupt reporting!
Everybody that loves the people of New York and all they have been thru should get hypocrites like Ted Cruz out of politics!
.@ArsenioHall just got “fired”—the people spoke ratings were terrible. The Apprentice brought him back from the dead but he blew it!
Congratulations to Brian Kemp on becoming the new Governor of Georgia. Stacey Abrams fought brilliantly and hard - she will have a terrific political future! Brian was unrelenting and will become a great Governor for the truly Wonderful People of Georgia!
How ironic that @BarackObama's campaign would call me a charlatan. Have they looked at their boss's record?
It’s Monday. How much will premiums rise today because of ObamaCare? REPEAL!
Via @wsoctv by @BlairWSOC9: "EXCLUSIVE: Donald Trump talks possible presidential run"
“A very exculpatory section of the Mueller Report: NO CONSPIRACY COORDINATION or COLLUSION with the Trump Campaign and the Russians. You can’t be more clear than that!” @GreggJarrett 
The global warming we should be worried about is the global warming caused by NUCLEAR WEAPONS in the hands of crazy or incompetent leaders!
Thank you @ATFD17! #ImWithYouVideo: 
...@Lord_Sugar  You need the income from the show to keep going--hope it doesn't hurt.
Mitt Romney didn't show his tax return until SEPTEMBER 21 2012 and then only after being humiliated by Harry R! A bad messenger for estab!
Staff Sgt. David Bellavia - today we honor your extraordinary courage we salute your selfless service and we thank you for carrying on the legacy of American Valor that has always made our blessed nation the strongest and mightiest in the world! 
President Obama be cool be smart be sharp and FOCUS (no more March Madness) and you can beat Putin at his own game. IT CAN BE DONE!
General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that.
I have asked Secretary of State @SecPompeo to closely study the South Africa land and farm seizures and expropriations and the large scale killing of farmers. “South African Government is now seizing land from white farmers.” @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews
Hopefully they will work it out and quickly! 
People are just now starting to find out how dishonest and disgusting (FakeNews) @NBCNews is. Viewers beware. May be worse than even @CNN!
Big storm in New Hampshire. Moved my event to Monday. Will be there next four days.
If Trump became president he would do an amazing job; if Obama took over Celebrity Apprentice he'd fail.  What's your opinion? I agree!
Will be doing interview on @GolfChannel at 8.00 this morning. Will be talking about getting the great PGA Championship &amp; Senior PGA etc.
A winning attitude will put everything in perspective. Keep negative thoughts and people where they belong--out of the big picture.
Thank you! 
Again more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in ObamaCare. Congratulations America!
Thank you to teachers across America! When I become POTUS we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now.
Great reporting by @foxandfriends and so many others. Thank you!
WE CANNOT LET THE CURE BE WORSE THAN THE PROBLEM ITSELF. AT THE END OF THE 15 DAY PERIOD WE WILL MAKE A DECISION AS TO WHICH WAY WE WANT TO GO!
Donald J. Trump Ethics Reform Plan For Washington D.C.
Nothing on emails. Nothing on the corrupt Clinton Foundation. And nothing on #Benghazi. #Debates2016 #debatenight
No wonder @BBC is in such big trouble &amp; boss was just fired--they are lost.
Mexico Canada and the United States are a great partnership and will be a very formidable trading force. We will now because of the USMCA work very well together. Great Spirit!
Obama is in Texas but will not be visiting the border. He is too busy fundraising!
....And by the way I’m the best thing that’s ever happened to Puerto Rico!
Thank you to all of the supporters who far out-numbered the protesters yesterday at the Women's U.S. Open. Very cool!
“The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.” – The Art of The Deal.
“We ran out of words to describe how good the jobs numbers are.”  Neil Irwin of the @nytimes.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
ObamaCare premiums could jump as high as 51%  Terrible for economy. Repeal &amp; Replace with free market solution!
They only changed the term to CLIMATE CHANGE when the words GLOBAL WARMING didn't work anymore. Come on people get smart!
“USMCA Wins Praise as a Victory for American Industries and Workers”➡️ 
I look forward to attending the Daytona 500 on Sunday with lots of my great friends from Florida including the France family and @RepMichaelWaltz from #FL6. See you there good luck to everyone! @NASCAR @SenRickScott @marcorubio @GovRonDeSantis 
Don't forget next Friday December 9th: I'll be signing my new book @HowToGetTough in Trump Tower from 11 a.m… (cont) 
Keep stimulating your mind with big ideas. Fill your mind with new information &amp; use this information to spawn new ideas. - Think Big
Today I was thrilled to host the @WWP Soldier Ride once again at the @WhiteHouse. We were all deeply honored to be in the presence of TRUE AMERICAN HEROES....

“The Washington Post ignored basic journalistic standards because it wanted to advance its well-known and easily documented biased agenda against President Donald J. Trump.” Covington student suing WAPO. Go get them Nick. Fake News!
My great honor! 
New reality. Yuan just passed the Euro as 2nd most traded finance currency   Our leaders better get smart fast.
Carlos will win big very exciting. Great for Florida great for USA! He has my complete and total Endorsement! 
“The action (the Strzok firing) was a decisive step in the right direction in correcting the wrongs committed by what has been described as Comey’s skinny inner circle.”  Chris Swecker former FBI Assistant Director.
Just watched @marcorubio on television. Just another all talk no action politician. Truly doesn't have a clue! Worst voting record in Sen.
The Anti-Benghazi!
Gas prices are still too high. We really need to pressure OPEC to lower the price of oil.
Just had a long and very good call with President Xi of China. Deal is moving along very well. If made it will be very comprehensive covering all subjects areas and points of dispute. Big progress being made!
Thank you Ohio! Together we made history – and now the real work begins. America will start winning again!… 
Host of the 2022 @PGAChampionship &amp; 2017 #USWomensOpen Trump Nat’l Bedminster offers 36 holes of world class golf 
Because of the faulty thought process we have going for us at the Federal Reserve we pay much higher interest rates than countries that are no match for us economically. In other words our interest costs are much higher than other countries when they should be lower. Correct!
CNBC Titans: Donald Trump  will be shown Friday Nov 19th at 9 pm and 1 am Sunday 11/21 at 9 pm and  11/24 at 7 pm   
.@oreillyfactor please explain to the very dumb and failing @glennbeck that I supported John McCain big league in 2008 not Obama!
Too bad! 
.@Rosie—No offense and good luck on the new show but remember you started it!    
West Virginia was incredible last night. Crowds and enthusiasm were beyond GDP at 3% wow!Dem Governor became a Republican last night.
...While we had the first prescription drug price decrease in 50 years Americans still pay far too much for drugs – other countries pay far less – that is WRONG! We will soon be putting more options on the table...
Seven people shot and killed yesterday in Chicago. What is going on there - totally out of control. Chicago needs help!
Ending surprise medical billing moving ahead in Congress! Thanks to Ways &amp; Means and Education/Labor Committees for your work on Bills to protect patients and end medical bill ripoffs! Work with Energy &amp; Commerce HELP committees to send BIPARTISAN bill to my desk!
Thank you for your nice words @MikeNeedham @Heritage for the nice words on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace. #FNS #Trump2016
It makes me feel so good to hit "sleazebags" back -- much better than seeing a psychiatrist (which I never have!)
The Do Nothing Democrats Pelosi and Schumer stormed out of the Cabinet Room! 
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends by @ainsleyearhardt tomorrow from 6:00 A.M. to 9:00 A.M.  Enjoy!
Do not settle for remaining in your comfort zone. Being complacent is a good way to get nowhere. Take control and move forward every day.
I have been briefed on the U.S. C-130 “Hercules” cargo plane from the Puerto Rico National Guard that crashed near Savannah Hilton Head International Airport. Please join me in thoughts and prayers for the victims their families and the great men and women of the National Guard.
Now I know that Yahoo is in good hands. It took great courage for @marissamayer to take away the right of employees to work at home.
Gov.Kasich of Ohio just stated on a morning show that he doesn't watch politics or anything on television he only watches the @GolfChannel
While the next season of @CelebApprentice is packed w/ All Stars ours fans will be happy to see @Joan_Rivers in the board room.She is back!
I am getting bad marks from certain pundits because I have a small campaign staff. But small is good flexible save money and number one!
Why doesn't Obama let our marines who are guarding the embassies in Egypt have live ammunition? They need it fast.
We can make a deal with China tomorrow before their companies start leaving so as not to lose USA business but the last time we were close they wanted to renegotiate the deal. No way! We are in a much better position now than any deal we could have made. Will be taking in.....
Sorry couldn't do @foxandfriends this morning--big meeting. Will double up next week at 7.
The Oscar Pistorius disaster is a really interesting story to me—a very sad situation for everyone!
After many years (decades) Mexico is apprehending large numbers of people at their Southern Border mostly from Guatemala Honduras and El Salvador. They have ALL been taking U.S. money for years and doing ABSOLUTELY NOTHING for us just like the Democrats in Congress!
America's competitors love @BarackObama. @MedvedevRussiaE says @BarackObama has been "the best 3 years" for Russia 
I will be making some very big campaign stops next week - big crowds and tremendous  energy!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
All part of the Witch Hunt Hoax. Started by little Eric Schneiderman &amp; Coumo. So many leaving New York! 
There is incredible progress on the site of Trump Tower Punta del Este Uruguay situated on the sands of Playa Brava 
The young intern who accidentally did a Retweet apologizes.
Hey @SnoopDogg @ItstheSituation @SethMacFarlane: Oh I'm real scared. #TrumpRoast airs tonight at 10:30/9:30 on @Comedy Central.
....GWU Research to tell them how many people had died in Puerto Rico (how would they not know this?). This method was never done with previous hurricanes because other jurisdictions know how many people were killed. FIFTY TIMES LAST ORIGINAL NUMBER - NO WAY!
The Central Park Five documentary  was a one sided piece of garbage that didn't explain the.horrific crimes of these young men while in park
Watch @DonaldJTrumpJr and @EricTrump accept my #ALSIceBucketChallenge- 
.@AlexSalmond - Ireland just ended the bird killing wind farm near my great resort on the Atlantic Ocean. The reason would hurt tourism!
People are pouring into Washington in record numbers. Bikers for Trump are on their way. It will be a great Thursday Friday and Saturday!
.@TrumpNewYork’s 176 rooms  have floor-to-ceiling windows providing unparalleled views of Central Park &amp; NYC 
“Now is the time for Republicans to stand together and defend the leader of their party against these smears. It would be one thing if there were any indication of an underlying crime but there is not-not in the transcripts and not in the secret witness testimony that.....
Watched Gennady Golovkin @gggboxing at MSG on Saturday night. He was fantastic--should fight @FloydMayweather!

The @CDCgov has published guidelines on  to enable every American to respond to this epidemic and to protect themselves their families and their communities.
....with the U.S. Presidential Election in November. North Korea under the leadership of Kim Jong Un has tremendous economic potential but it must denuclearize as promised. NATO China Russia Japan and the entire world is unified on this issue!
.@BarbaraJWalters @theviewtv--Why did you choose me as one of the 10 Most Fascinating People of the Year last season (and more than once?)
I will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends. Very exciting!
Crooked Hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy.If so he should runnot her.Will he bring the "energizer" to D.C.?
.....Censorship is a very dangerous thing &amp; absolutely impossible to police. If you are weeding out Fake News there is nothing so Fake as CNN &amp; MSNBC &amp; yet I do not ask that their sick behavior be removed. I get used to it and watch with a grain of salt or don’t watch at all..
LYIN' TED 
Don't think my statement on @ariannahuff was harsh if you knew her and the phony Huffington Post you would understand--- more to follow.
The current tax code is a burden on American taxpayers &amp; harmful to job-creators. Americans need #TaxReform! More:  
Get out to VOTE on 11/8/2016- and we will #DrainTheSwamp!RASMUSSEN NATIONAL Trump 43%Clinton 41% 
The rigged system may have helped Hillary Clinton escape criminal charges but... 
Stock Market hits new Record High. Confidence and enthusiasm abound. More great numbers coming out!
Wow that would be big. Always heard Jeff is very smart! 
In other words Russia was against Trump in the 2016 Election - and why not I want strong military &amp; low oil prices. Witch Hunt! 
NYC should hold a parade for returning Iraq and Afghanistan veterans.
The past 4 years have seen the weakest multiyear recovery since WWII   Need to loosen regulations and lower taxes.
The numbers at the @nytimes  are so dismal especially advertising revenue that big help will be needed fast. A once great institution-SAD!
....immediately fire back if a savage sicko came to a school with bad intentions. Highly trained teachers would also serve as a deterrent to the cowards that do this. Far more assets at much less cost than guards. A “gun free” school is a magnet for bad people. ATTACKS WOULD END!
...of money on joint U.S.-South Korea war games. Besides the President can instantly start the joint exercises again with South Korea and Japan if he so chooses. If he does they will be far bigger than ever before. As for the U.S.–China trade disputes and other...
Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren who was going nowhere except into Mini Mike’s head just dropped out of the Democrat Primary...THREE DAYS TOO LATE. She cost Crazy Bernie at least Massachusetts Minnesota and Texas. Probably cost him the nomination! Came in third in Mass.
Reviewing the funding bill with my team at the @WhiteHouse!
John Podesta says nominee will be Cruz b/c last person Hillary wants to face is Trump! Use your head folks! 46-41! 
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning.
Unbelievable how he gets away with it:  @BarackObama is flying around on Air Force One laughing at everybod… (cont) 
Ranked nationally in @GolfMagazine's top 100 Trump Int'l Golf Club in Palm Beach is a 27 hole masterpiece 
“ECB officials see Rate Cut as primary tool for any new stimulus.”  @business
Most people can learn from their own experiences quite well but many ignore the experiences and lessons of others. -- The Way To The Top
“John Brennan no single figure in American history has done more to discredit the intelligence community than this liar. Not only is he a liar he’s a liar about being a liar.”  Dan Bongino on @foxandfriends
Michelle Obama likes to be addressed as "Your Excellency."  She is an excellent spender of taxpayer money on herself.
Watch my speech at CPAC in Washington DC yesterday ...
Look forward to meeting with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany today. So much to discuss so little time! It will be good for both of our great countries!
Again illegal immigrant is charged with the fatal  bludgeoning of a wonderful and loved 64 year old woman. Get them out and build a WALL!
We will defend our country protect our communities and put the safety of the AMERICAN PEOPLE FIRST! Replay:  
The massive TAX CUTS/REFORM that I have submitted is moving along in the process very well actually ahead of schedule. Big benefits to all!
My interview from yesterday with @seanhannity  
.@krauthammer pretends to be a smart guy but if you look at his record he isn't. A dummy who is on too many Fox shows. An overrated clown!
Thank you to Governor @ScottWalker for such warm support. Great speech!
Success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
Will be interviewed by @GStephanopoulos on @ABC    at 10:00 A.M.
.@mike_pence is doing a great job - so far no contest!
Watching Hurricane closely. My team which has done and is doing such a good job in Texas is already in Florida. No rest for the weary!
President @EmmanuelMacronThank you for inviting Melania and myself to such a historic celebration in France. #BastilleDay #14juillet 
Thank you Steve! 
My warmest sympathy and best wishes goes out to the people of New Zealand after the horrible massacre in the Mosques. 49 innocent people have so senselessly died with so many more seriously injured. The U.S. stands by New Zealand for anything we can do. God bless all!
Just watched a world class loser Tim O’Brien who I haven’t seen or spoken to in many years &amp; knows NOTHING about me except that he wrote a failed hit piece book about me 15 years ago. Fired like a dog from other jobs? Saw him on Lyin’ Brian Williams Trump Slam Show. Bad TV....
Only Fake Polls show us behind the Motley Crew. We are looking really good but it is far too early to be focused on that. Much work to do! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
....but it is no thanks to the Federal Reserve. Had they not acted so fast and “so much” we would be doing even better than we are doing right now. This is our chance to build unparalleled wealth and success for the U.S. GROWTH which would greatly reduce % debt. Don’t blow it!
Outrageous- @BarackObama has spent over $2.7B on implementing @ObamaCare since the oral arguments at SCOTUS  

Will be doing @greta interview  tomorrow. So much to talk about!
Tonight on @ExtraTV I’m talking #CelebApprentice. Tune-in!
This makes Mini Mike look good compared to his performance last night. Worst debate performance in history! 
Big announcement coming soon regarding South Carolina…
Trump Nears 100 days on Top via The Hill 
Today it was my great honor to present the #MedalOfHonor to @USNavy (SEAL) Master Chief Special Warfare Operator Britt Slabinski in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse. Full ceremony:  
Verlander is great but  very beatable. Does not have a good ERA in playoff games
Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT we have just won THE GREAT STATE OF OREGON. The vote percentage is even higher than anticipated! Thank you.
#CelebApprentice stay tuned for the 2nd half we have one more firing tonight!
The only things the Democrats do well is “Resist” which is their campaign slogan and “Obstruct.” Cryin’ Chuck Schumer has almost 400 great American people that are waiting “forever” to serve our Country! A total disgrace. Mitch M should not let them go home until all approved!
Shows how weak and desperate Lyin' Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can't stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses.
Scott Walker of Wisconsin is a tremendous Governor who has done incredible things for that Great State. He has my complete &amp; total Endorsement! He brought the amazing Foxconn to Wisconsin with its 15000 Jobs-and so much more. Vote for Scott on Tuesday in the Republican Primary!
Didn’t he pick the Whistleblower? 
LOUISIANA! Extreme Democrat John Bel Edwards has sided with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer to support Sanctuary Cities High Taxes and Open Borders. He is crushing Louisiana’s economy and your Second Amendment rights....
As the nuclear crisis with Iran shows America needs to import oil from a reliable region. Keystone XL Pipeline (cont) 
I will be re-tweeting some of your better most imaginative and hopefully insightful tweets. Make them good (great)! Important stuff.
Entrepreneurs: Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist? Be open to new ideas. Be innovative!
Voting for @GovGaryJohnson is voting for Obama--don't waste your vote!
So many lies by Sleepy Joe and the Do Nothing Democrats! 
The News Media in our Country is FAKE and in many cases totally CORRUPT! 
“The Democrat Party is a field of lightweights in complete disarray.” @kayleighmcenany @JudgeJeanine
“These are Trumped-Up Charges.” @PeteHegseth  @foxandfriends
 
We are here to proclaim that a new day is coming in Latin America. In Venezuela and across the Western Hemisphere Socialism is DYING - and liberty prosperity and democracy are being REBORN...
I am really beginning to respect Mark Halperin and John Heilemann as political reporters - they truly get why "Trump" poll numbers are high.
Need all on the UN Security Council to vote to renew the Joint Investigative Mechanism for Syria to ensure that Assad Regime does not commit mass murder with chemical weapons ever again.
I just had a long and productive call with President @RT_Erdogan of Turkey. We discussed ISIS our mutual involvement in Syria &amp; the slow &amp; highly coordinated pullout of U.S. troops from the area. After many years they are coming home. We also discussed heavily expanded Trade.
My @foxandfriends re: the sequestration failure of leadership in DC China playing us &amp; taking over in 2016 
Sad thing is Rolling Stone was (is) a dead magazine with big downward circulation and now for them at last people are talking about it!
#TextTrump88022 for exclusive @realDonaldTrump updates!  We will Make America Great Again!
As usual the weather people got it wrong in Tampa. They just look for headlines &amp; ratings!
....work that way. I have a better idea. Look at the Obama Book Deal or the ridiculous Netflix deal. Then look at all the deals made by the Dems in Congress the “Congressional Slush Fund” and lastly the IG Reports. Take a look at them. Those investigations would be over FAST!
Thank you @DennisRodman.  It's time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! I hope you are doing well! 
....”I WANT NOTHING! I WANT NOTHING! I WANT NO QUID PRO QUO! TELL PRESIDENT ZELENSKY TO DO THE RIGHT THING!” Later Ambassador Sondland said that I told him “Good go tell the truth!” This Witch Hunt must end NOW. So bad for our Country!
Spoke to PM @TurnbullMalcolm of Australia. He is committed to having a very fair and reciprocal military and trade relationship. Working very quickly on a security agreement so we don’t have to impose steel or aluminum tariffs on our ally the great nation of Australia!
Why did Pres Obama remove sanctions against Iran prior to negotiating rather than completing successful negotiation &amp; then remove sanctions?
MISSISSIPPI! There is a VERY important election for Governor on November 5th. I need you to get out and VOTE for our Great Republican nominee @TateReeves. Tate is Strong on Crime tough on Illegal Immigration and will protect your Second Amendment....
Why is @MittRomney the only guy who talks about getting tough with China and their currency manipulation?
Via @CNNPolitics by @teddyschleifer: "Trump: San Francisco killing shows perils of illegal immigration" 
Great making keynote speech at 2014 Lincoln Day Dinner hosted by Dan Isaacs &amp; NY Republican County Committee. Wonderful  people!
Just returned to Washington from France and the very successful G-7 only to find that the Fake News is still trying to perpetuate the phony story that I wanted to use Nuclear weapons to blow up hurricanes before they reach shore. This is so ridiculous never happened!
Success tip: Be ready for problems and be patient--there are very few cases of instant gratification.
We must end the Opioid Crisis. Do your part today by participating in prescription drug #TakeBackDay at over 4000 locations across the Country!  
I would not sign Graham-Cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions. It does! A great Bill. Repeal &amp; Replace.
Storm turned Hurricane is getting much bigger and more powerful than projected. Federal Government is on site and ready to respond. Be safe!
...Trump however would kick his ass!
The Supercommittee is a disaster. The Republicans made a crucial mistake agreeing to this debt deal. They hat… (cont) 
Excited that @OurCountryPAC's Amy Kremer has endorsed the Newsmax-iontv debate. The Tea Party Express is a great group.
We are taking action to #RepealANDReplace #Obamacare! Contact your Rep &amp; tell them you support #AHCA. #PassTheBill… 
and stay at  the fantastic Trump International Hotel Las Vegas ...
...What is wrong with this story? Isn’t this just ridiculous? Terrible! #KathyBoudin
It was my great honor to defend @dennisrodman on @ApprenticeNBC last night—he has come a long way and for the good!
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing why the Fed shouldn't do a QE3 @BarackObama's college records &amp; 2012 election  
The S&amp;P just hit an ALL TIME HIGH. This is a big win for jobs 401-K’s and frankly EVERYONE! Our Country is doing great. Even killed long sought ISIS murderer Al-Baghdadi. We are stronger than ever before with GREAT upward potential. Enjoy!
When it comes to China @BarackObama practices "pretty please" diplomacy. He begs and pleads and bows---and it… (cont) 
It’s that time of the year. @TrumpRink in Central Park is now open--best rink in the world.  A landmark.
We have a National Emergency at our Southern Border. The Dems refuse to do what they know is necessary - amend our immigration laws. Would immediately solve the problem! Mexico with the strongest immigration laws in the World refuses to help with illegal immigration &amp; drugs!
....of gang members in particular MS-13. ICE and Border Patrol are doing a great job!
A fantastic evening in Girardeau Missouri. Josh @HawleyMO will be a tireless champion for YOU. He is great on jobs great on tax cuts and tough on crime. He shares your values and he will always support our Military Vets and Police! Get out tomorrow and VOTE for Josh!! 
Time Warner Cable went out on 5th Avenue for 2 plus days. They are a disaster. I think I'm going to switch.
Just won a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the Trump U case but the press refuses to write about it. If I lost-monster story!
Now A-Rod is claiming that @MLB and @yankees are "out to get him'   He should just get the hell out of NYC already!
Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also much easier &amp; quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better faster and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted or go to new source!
Wow! The U.S. added 250000 Jobs in October - and this was despite the hurricanes. Unemployment at 3.7%. Wages UP! These are incredible numbers. Keep it going Vote Republican!
Jobs are returning illegal immigration is plummeting law order and justice are being restored. We are truly making America great again!
Justice Kennedy should be proud of himself for sticking to his principles in light of Justice Roberts' bullshit!
All Polls and some brand new Polls show very little support for impeachment. Such a waste of time especially with sooo much good that could be done including prescription drug price reduction healthcare infrastructure etc.
Teachers in Chicago should go back to work immediately.Rahm Emanuel has offered them a fair deal. Now they're just acting for the cameras.

China's Olympic training program is abusive  It is modern day slavery &amp; shameful. Their (cont) 
Thank you Kansas! The line going into the Orlando event is over a mile long. Massive crowd expected. Leaving Kansas now be there soon!
I have a dream that our country will be great again! #DreamDay
Mini Mike Bloomberg didn’t bring NYC back as he said in his fake ad. It was @RudyGiuliani who brought NYC back and who also with his endorsement got Mini Mike elected (with barely a thank you). A boring mayor who the people couldn’t stand!
.@CPACnews had its largest ever ticket sales the day of my announcement. Really an honor. Can’t wait to see everyone.
Libyan Rebels should have given us 50% of the oil in return for our military support---we don't even ask!
Are Republicans suicidal? Now they want to push amnesty through Congress. Allowing Democrats into the country.
So many people at the higher ends of intelligence loved my press conference performance in Helsinki. Putin and I discussed many important subjects at our earlier meeting. We got along well which truly bothered many haters who wanted to see a boxing match. Big results will come!
A great afternoon. Thank you South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016  
Heading to Sioux County Iowa where the crowd is amazing. Dr. Robert Jeffress will make the introduction. Make America Great Again!
I have great confidence that China will properly deal with North Korea. If they are unable to do so the U.S. with its allies will! U.S.A.
Governor Cuomo only cut the Verrazano Bridge tolls because I made it a major point in speeches. I love the people of Staten Island!
Just spoke to President @RTErdogan of Turkey. He told me there was minor sniper and mortar fire that was quickly eliminated. He very much wants the ceasefire or pause to work. Likewise the Kurds want it and the ultimate solution to happen. Too bad there wasn’t.....
Best of luck to my good friend Derek Jeter on his first game today back at shortstop. @Yankees Captain is a warrior &amp; winner.
.CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics  Lawyer Elizabeth Beck did a terrible job against me she lost (I even got legal fees). I loved beating hershe was easy
Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? So naive!
Spreading the fake and totally discredited Dossier “is unfortunately a very dark stain against John McCain.” Ken Starr Former Independent Counsel. He had far worse “stains” than this including thumbs down on repeal and replace after years of campaigning to repeal and replace!
Has Pres. Obama or the White House told the public what happened in Algeria yet?  Where’s the media?
Let me say it as clearly as possible that the attack on my Catholic brothers and sisters is an attack on me. -- @GovMike Huckabee
Mueller and the A.G. based on Mueller findings (and great intelligence) have already ruled No Collusion No Obstruction. These were crimes committed by Crooked Hillary the DNC Dirty Cops and others! INVESTIGATE THE INVESTIGATORS!
Leaving for New York City and meetings on military purchases and trade.
Join me on Saturday- in Syracuse New York! #NYPrimary # 
Check out what @Google is up to for the 2020 election! #KAG2020 
The courage &amp; sacrifice of our heroes is the reason our flag stands tall our hearts beat with pride and our Country remains one people one family and one NATION UNDER GOD. Today we thank you we honor you &amp; we forever cherish the memory of our Fallen Men and Women in Blue! 
I only go on shows that get ratings that's why I do @oreillyfactor @hannityshow and @gretawire. Your sho… (cont) 
Thank you! #Trump2016 
Uh oh… @OMAROSA &amp; @piersmorgan once again reunite in the Board Room in next week’s ‘All-Star’ @ApprenticeNBC.  Fireworks!
Knowledge requires patience; action requires courage.  Put patience and courage together and you’ll be a winner.
Mark Penn Harris Poll: “It’s time to end the Impeachment Trial.” @foxandfriends  Just another political Hoax by the Dems!
When Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan visited with me in the @WhiteHouse two weeks ago I told him that I would be going to the G20 in Osaka Japan. I look forward to being with him and other World Leaders!
The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing. --Albert Einstein
The Muslim Brotherhood @BarackObama's allies in Egypt will cancel the Camp David Agreement.    What a disaster!
....partner should start playing it straight. It would be so much better for our Country!
There is no question who will handle the threat of terrorism best as #POTUS. #Trump2016  
Lucky to have been chosen for the purchase of the magnificent The Point Lake and Golf Club on Lake Norman in (cont) 
Good investors are good students. It's as simple as that. - Think Like a Billionaire
On our way to Florida and Georgia!
Via @todayshow: "Trump: Attorney general behind lawsuit a 'total lightweight'"  
...Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan and others in Puerto Rico who are not able to get their workers to help. They....
Jeb Bush just announced he raised over $100M. Everyone of those people who contributed are getting something to the detriment of America!
On Yom HaShoah we remember the six million Jews slaughtered in the Holocaust. With each passing year our duty to remember this atrocity increases as we pledge #NeverAgain. #HolocaustRemembranceDay 
Ainsley Earnhardt a truly great person just wrote a wonderful book “The Light Within Me” which is doing really well. She is very special and so is her new book...bring it to number one!
.@FoxNews is much better and far more truthful than @CNN which is all negative. Guests are stacked for Crooked Hillary! I don't watch.
Excited to be keynoting @bobvanderplaats’ @theFAMiLYLEADER Leadership Summit in Iowa this Saturday 
I like Mexico and love the spirit of  Mexican people but we must protect our borders from people from all over pouring into the U.S.
“The thing about high corporate tax rates is that in the end companies aren’t the ones who foot the bill consumers do.” #TimeToGetTough
There is nothing I would be happier to do than to donate the $5M to a charity of Obama’s choice once he releases all of his records.
ObamaCare not only has brought higher premiums decreased care &amp; loss of jobs but now .1% Q1 growth. REPEAL BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE!
Thank you @NYPost! #
Statement on International Holocaust Remembrance Day: 
The habitual vacationer @BarackObama has sacrificed so much. He is delaying his 17 day Hawaii vacation a couple of hours.
Great day for Tax Cuts and the Republican Party. But the biggest Winner will be our great Country!
The Mayor of Baltimore said she wanted to give the rioters "space to destroy" - another real genius!
NYC's top cop acted wisely and legally to monitor activities of some in the Muslim community. Vigilance keeps us (cont) 
Dopey @billmaher still owes me $5M for charity.  I hope he pays up before @hbo fires him--which will happen!
Thank you to Congressman Ben @Cline4Virginia for the Great remarks this morning on the illegitimate Impeachment Hoax. He understands the Do Nothing Democrats very well. Also and as usual @RepAndyBiggsAZ was fantastic!
No Kevin Jeff Flake is better! 
We lose 300 Americans a week 90% of which comes through the Southern Border. These numbers will be DRASTICALLY REDUCED if we have a Wall!
I am self-funding my campaign - putting up my own money not controlled.  Cruz is spending $millions on ads paid for by his N.Y. bosses.
Hillary's wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction terrorism and ISIS across the world.
Clapper has now admitted that there was Spying in my campaign. Large dollars were paid to the Spy far beyond normal. Starting to look like one of the biggest political scandals in U.S. history. SPYGATE - a terrible thing!
Excellent story on @MittRomney- very good moment for Ryan. #VPDebate
Today it was my great honor to host a School Safety Roundtable at the @WhiteHouse with State and local leaders law enforcement officers and education officials.There is nothing more important than protecting our children. They deserve to be safe and we will deliver! 
China is expanding its military bases abroad. We must expand our naval fleet. Now is no time for defense cuts. (cont) 
The Democrats have been told and fully understand that there can be no DACA without the desperately needed WALL at the Southern Border and an END to the horrible Chain Migration &amp; ridiculous Lottery System of Immigration etc. We must protect our Country at all cost!
On 59th &amp; Park Avenue Trump Park Avenue transformed the legendary Hotel Delmonico into 120 luxury residences 
Iran humiliated the United States with the capture of our 10 sailors. Horrible pictures &amp; images. We are weak. I will NOT forget!
Chris Cuomo in his interview with Sen. Blumenthal never asked him about his long-term lie about his brave "service" in Vietnam. FAKE NEWS!
I was criticized by the Democrats when I closed the Country down to China many weeks ahead of what almost everyone recommended. Saved many lives. Dems were working the Impeachment Hoax. They didn’t have a clue! Now they are fear mongering. Be calm &amp; vigilant!
There is much talk that certain Democrats are going to be voting with Republicans on the Impeachment Hoax so that the Senate can get back to the business of taking care of the American people. Sorry but Cryin’ Chuck Schumer will never let that happen!
Dr. Ben Carson- I concur. "I believe in God who can change people- he can make any of us better."@RealBenCarson
.@Borisep was great on @JudgeJeanine tonight. Very smart commentary that will prove to be correct!
Thank you! #
being a movie star-and that was season 1 compared to season 14. Now compare him to my season 1. But who cares he supported Kasich &amp; Hillary
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Kim Jong Un has agreed to allow Nuclear inspections subject to final negotiations and to permanently dismantle a test site and launch pad in the presence of international experts. In the meantime there will be no Rocket or Nuclear testing. Hero remains to continue being........
So funny! I just checked out Fake News CNN for the first time in a long time (they are dying in the ratings) to see if they covered my takedown yesterday of Jim Acosta (actually a nice guy). They didn’t! But they did say I already lost in my meeting with Putin. Fake News......
I made a fortune in Atlantic City got out years ago (great timing) and havn't been back in many years. I have NOTHING to do with A.C.
Congratulations to the Miss USA Pageant--it was the #1 telecast of the night among ABC CBS NBC and Fox. A great show and a huge success.
Looks like many anti-police agitators in Boston. Police are looking tough and smart! Thank you.
ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE. Do not worry!
Entrepreneurs: Brainpower is the ultimate leverage.
My daughter Ivanka is being honored by the Wharton School of Finance with the 2012 Young Leadership Award. Also (cont) 
....a source of potential danger and conflict. They are testing Rockets (last week) and more and are coming very close to the edge. There economy is now crashing which is the only thing holding them back. Be careful of Iran. Perhaps Intelligence should go back to school!
Getting rdy to leave for tonight's Celebrate Freedom Concert honoring our GREAT VETERANS w/ so many of my evangelic… 
Today @FLOTUS hosted a Military Mother's Day Event in the East Room of the WH. It was an honor to stop by say hel… 
Wish Obama would say ISIS like almost everyone else rather than ISIL.
Looking like Nick Sandman &amp; Covington Catholic students were treated unfairly with early judgements proving out to be false - smeared by media. Not good but making big comeback! “New footage shows that media was wrong about teen’s encounter with Native American” @TuckerCarlson
It was @BarackObama who promised "if you like your plan you can keep your plan." Now ObamaCare is causing (cont) 
A TOTAL WITCH HUNT!!!
...Based on that the Military has hit ISIS "much harder" over the last two days. They will pay a big price for every attack on us!
It was an honor to have the amazing Root family join me in Iowa. I have been so inspired by their courage &amp; bravery. 
I am in Colorado - big day planned - but nothing can be as big as yesterday!
My @CPACnews speech is scheduled Friday at 8:45AM in the Potomac Ballroom. Will also be telecast live on CSPAN &amp; cable news networks.
Being scolded by failed former “Intelligence” officials like James Clapper on my condolences to Iran on their failed Rocket launch. Sadly for the United States guys like him Comey and the even dumber John Brennan don’t have a clue. They really set our Country back....
The Fake News Media has NEVER been more Dishonest or Corrupt than it is right now. There has never been a time like this in American History. Very exciting but also very sad! Fake News is the absolute Enemy of the People and our Country itself!
I will be the greatest job-producing president in American history. #Trump2016 #VoteTrump  
Republicans should not negotiate against themselves again with @BarackObama in today's debt talks--First and foremost CUTCAP and BALANCE.
USSS did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. He has ties to ISIS. Should be in jail! 
Mexican leadership has been laughing at us for many years but now it’s no longer laughter—it’s disbelief...

The Voter Violation certificate gave poor marks to the unsuspecting voter(grade of F) and told them to clear it up by voting for Cruz. Fraud
Oh wow lightweight Governor @BobbyJindal who is registered at less than 1 percent in the polls just mocked my hair. So original!
The #FakeNews MSM doesn't report the great economic news since Election Day. #DOW up 16%. #NASDAQ up 19.5%. Drilling &amp; energy sector...
The Navy put out a disclaimer on the McCain story. Looks like the story was an exaggeration or even Fake News - but why not everything else is!
President Obama spoke last night about a world that doesn’t exist. 70% of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction. #DNC
Via @RoyalOakPatch: "Oakland County High Schoolers Have Chance to Win $1000 Scholarship &amp; Meet Donald Trump" 
....into the future will continue. In the meantime the United States has imposed Tariffs on China which may or may not be removed depending on what happens with respect to future negotiations!
As I always said the "Birthers" were after the truth. Thanks to @RealSheriffJoe @BarackObama can't hide anymore.
Get ready for fireworks…@Joan_Rivers &amp; @THEGaryBusey face off in the Board Room this Sunday on All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC.
Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to #RepealObamacare- now it's onto the House!
“Hook your career to a big trend. There are huge opportunities for profits if you can create big solutions.” – Think Big
Eric Trump on @foxandfriends  now!
Don't miss my fabulous World of Golf now in its second season on Golf Channel beginning January 31 at 9 pm ET. Celebrity matches and more...
Today we remember and honor our fellow Americans and NYPD and FDNY who fell 11 years ago.
New Q poll out- we are going to win the whole deal- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016 
In '08 @BarackObama called Jerusalem Israel's capital  Now he attacks @MittRomney on Jerusalem 
.....years and $30 million and they found No Collusion No Obstruction. But the Democrats no matter what we give them will NEVER be satisfied. A total waste of time. As @FrankLuntz has just stated “Enough America has had enough. What have you accomplished. Public is fed up.”
Get respect and do not give a damn if people like you. --Think Big
....DACA stand with all of its negative legal implications the Republicans and Democrats will have a DEAL to let them stay in our Country in very short order. It would actually benefit DACA and be done the right way!
Democrats are obstructing good (hopefully great) people wanting to give up a big portion of their life to work for our Government hence the American People. They are “slow walking” all of my nominations - hundreds of people. At this rate it would take 9 years for all approvals!
JUST IN:  A jury awarded a complete and total victory in buyer’s remorse lawsuit against me in Ft. Lauderdale.
My friend @TheSlyStallone lost his wonderful son Sage this weekend. We all send Sly our love and warmest wishes. (cont) 
Incredible progress being made at the Southern Border! 
THE APPRENTICE. - 10 years 182 shows - many at number one for week or night -Amazing! @NBC
New Sugar deal negotiated with Mexico is a very good one for both Mexico and the U.S. Had no deal for many years which hurt U.S. badly.
I will be interviewed by Jeanine Pirro at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Watch @JesseBWatters before and @greggutfeld after. All terrific people. I am in the White House waiting for Cryin’ Chuck and Nancy to call so we can start helping our Country both at the Border and from within!
Totally false reporting on my call with @Reince Priebus. He called me ten minutes said I hit a “nerve" doing well end!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
So weird to watch Crazy Bernie on @FoxNews. Not surprisingly @BretBaier and the “audience” was so smiley and nice. Very strange and now we have @donnabrazile?
A Call for Unity by Jason Greenblatt @JasonDovEsq 
Great news out of Turkey. News Conference shortly with @VP and @SecPompeo. Thank you to @RTErdogan. Millions of lives will be saved!
Will be meeting on Monday at Trump Tower with a large group of African American Pastors. Many I know-wonderful people! Not a press event.
.@NBCNews is so knowingly inaccurate with their reporting. The good news is that the PEOPLE get it which is really all that matters! Not #1
The Dallas event in two weeks at the American Airlines Center is filling up fast. Get your tickets fast  before it is too late!
Now China is publicly supporting the OWS protests    It's time for the protesters to go home.
..My team is negotiating with them now but they always change the deal in the end to their benefit. They should probably wait out our Election to see if we get one of the Democrat stiffs like Sleepy Joe. Then they could make a GREAT deal like in past 30 years and continue
Thank you to LSU and Alabama for a great game!
NEW BOOK - A MUST READ! “The Russia Hoax - The Illicit Scheme to Clear Hillary Clinton and Frame Donald Trump” by the brilliant Fox News Legal Analyst Gregg Jarrett. A sad chapter for law enforcement. A rigged system!
.@Modern_Do_Good #asktrump 
HILLARY'S HEALTH CARE POLICIES#DrainTheSwamp #Debate 
Russia Dossier reporter now doubts dopey Christopher Steele’s claims! “When you get into the details of the Steele Dossier the specific allegations we have not seen the evidence to support them. There’s good grounds to think that some of the more sensational allegations.....
“Money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score.The  excitement is playing the game.”–The Art of The Deal
The Democrat Party in the Great Commonwealth of Virginia are working hard to take away your 2nd Amendment rights. This is just the beginning. Don’t let it happen VOTE REPUBLICAN in 2020!
Trump volunteers were out early today to offload cases of food and supplies for hard-hit Rockaways residents #Sandy
If you like automobils how can you vote for a Democrat who all want to get rid of cars as quickly as possible especially if they are powered by gasoline. Remember also no more than one car per family. I on the other hand have new plants being built all over Michigan Plus!
Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!
With Spitzer &amp; Anthony Weiner running for office New York  is pervert central!  Pathetic
An excerpt of my @TheBrodyFile interview at the Sarasota 'Statesman of the Year' dinner discussing the Tea Party 
Tomorrow I have called for a National Day of Prayer. I will be tuning in to Pastor @Jentezen at the @FreeChapel Church in Gainesville Georgia at 11:00 AM EDT. God Bless the USA!  
The Washington Post is constantly quoting “anonymous sources” that do not exist. Rarely do they use the name of anyone because there is no one to give them the kind of negative quote that they are looking for. They are a discgrace to journalism but then again so are many others!
Today on the 236th anniversary of the Purple Heart we honor the members of our Armed Forces for serving as the vanguard of American democracy and freedom around the world. #PurpleHeartDay 
.@MichaelPhelps--you are the greatest Olympic champion of them all. Fantastic job!
Breaking News @MSNBC: “Cohen’s lawyer contradicts Cohen’s testimony about never seeking a Presidential Pardon.”
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is weak and ineffective. Does nothing. All talk no action -- maybe her Native American name?
The Schumer-Rounds-Collins immigration bill would be a total catastrophe. @DHSgov says it would be “the end of immigration enforcement in America.” It creates a giant amnesty (including for dangerous criminals) doesn’t build the wall expands chain migration keeps the visa...
If you can’t see it it will never happen. Bring your vision to fruition through perseverance and hard work. That will build momentum.
Martha McSally is a great warrior her opponent a Nancy Pelosi Wacko! 
Today in Bedminster I signed the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017 joined by @DeptVetAffairs @SecShulkin. 
1988 with Oprah- discussing why I would never rule out a run for #POTUS.#Trump2016 #VoteTrumpNY #PrimaryDay 
Before taking office people were assuming that we were going to War with North Korea. President Obama said that North Korea was our biggest and most dangerous problem. No longer - sleep well tonight!
I never equated wind farms to the Pan Am Lockerbie disaster - only stated that @AlexSalmond should never have released the terrorist - BAD!
The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva Switzerland not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to Iran!
Look forward to being in DC tomorrow—big crowd expected for our protest against the truly stupid nuclear deal we are making with Iran.
Today we express our deepest gratitude to all those who have served in our armed forces. #ThankAVet 
.@TrumpChicago’s The Spa offers 5 star services w/ 12 treatment rooms &amp; 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the skyline 
Our Economy is very strong despite the horrendous lack of vision by Jay Powell and the Fed but the Democrats are trying to “will” the Economy to be bad for purposes of the 2020 Election.  Very Selfish! Our dollar is so strong that it is sadly hurting other parts of the world...
Where is Hunter Biden? He has disappeared while the Fake News protects his Crooked daddy! 
I was on CNBC this morning talking about the market and America's financial future  
.@VenueMagazine_ highlights the opening of @TrumpDoral's brand new #RedTiger course: 
“If you want to be successful at anything in life you have to be able to handle pressure.” – Think Big
The Midas Touch hand is the ideal metaphor to represent the attributes critical to entrepreneurial success. (cont) 
If traveling to the Windy City to celebrate 100th anniversary of Wrigley Field @TrumpChicago is Chicago’s #1 hotel 
Never seen @senatemajldr and Republicans so united on an issue as they are on the Humanitarian Crisis &amp; Security on our Southern Border. If we create a Wall or Barrier which prevents Criminals and Drugs from flowing into our Country Crime will go down by record numbers!
The Pledge #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
....of the tremendous ground we have lost to China on Trade since the ridiculous one sided formation of the WTO. It will all happen and much faster than people think!
It is a shame Keystone wasn't powered by solar panels and wind because then @BarackObama would have wasted billions on it.
I always enjoy being interivewed on @WOR710 by John Gambling. My father Fred used to listen to his father's show.
“If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths rather than travel worn paths of accepted success.” - John D. Rockefeller
We have to combat the welfare mentality that says individuals are entitled to live off taxpayers. (cont) 
Bureaucratic red tape and overregulation are discouraging the American dream. It’s time for a bold new direction! 
ObamaCare is imploding. It is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet by far! Republicans will come together and save the day.
..(enthusiastic dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong). Too bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!
I let @pennjillette come back on the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice after he relentlessly begged me to--good t.v.
'Clinton Charity Got Up To $56 Million From Nations That Are Anti-Women Gays' #
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.-- Benjamin Franklin
Thank you Jacksonville Florida!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
“They are liars and in my opinion TRAITORS!” @LouDobbs talking about Comey and his dwindling group of friends.
My @gretawire interview discussing why @BarackObama is not a nice guy and who will win the 2012 election 
Just landed in the United Kingdom heading to London for NATO meetings tomorrow. Prior to landing I read the Republicans Report on the Impeachment Hoax. Great job! Radical Left has NO CASE. Read the Transcripts. Shouldn’t even be allowed. Can we go to Supreme Court to stop?
Thank you America! #Trump2016Via @DRUDGE_REPORT 
“We’ve seen NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION....I have seen nothing the firing of James Comey and all of the aftermath that suggests that the President has obstructed justice because he’s exercising his power as the President of the U.S. I just don’t see it.”  Judge Ken Starr
....While Pennsylvania is BOOMING I don’t want there to be even a little glitch in Coatesville – every job counts. I want Lockhead to BOOM along with it!
.@CNBC is pushing the @GOP around by asking for extra time (and no criteria) in order to sell more commercials.
Today will be a Super Tuesday for @MittRomney -- he will win over 220 delegates from states across every region. He will be the nominee.
A test: tweet me the reason @billmaher was fired from @ABC (other than his bad ratings).
Via @TVbytheNumbers:“TV Ratings Sunday 'Family Guy' &amp; 'The Simpsons' Down 'All-Star Celebrity Apprentice' Up” 
Whether you like it or not Bush also gave us Obama!
USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi sacrificed for our country. While Obama is welcoming illegals our Marine is locked in a Mexican jail. #FreeOurMarine

Will be going to Evansville Indiana tonight for a big crowd rally with Mike Braun a very successful businessman who is campaigning to be Indiana’s next U.S. Senator. He is strong on Crime &amp; Borders the 2nd Amendment and loves our Military &amp; Vets. Will be a big night!
Justice Kavanaugh should sue The Failing New York Times for all they are worth!
I will not be able to attend the Miss USA pageant tomorrow night because I am campaigning in Phoenix. Wishing all well!
The Great Rush Limbaugh will be on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Enjoy!
Karl Rove --lost GOP both Houses of Congress and the White House--gave us Obama.
Looking forward to RALLY in the Great State of Pennsylvania tonight at 7:30. Big crowd big energy!
For all of those (DACA) that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period you have nothing to worry about - No action!
Thank you Ohio. I love you! 

Wacky Omarosa who got fired 3 times on the Apprentice now got fired for the last time. She never made it never will. She begged me for a job tears in her eyes I said Ok. People in the White House hated her. She was vicious but not smart. I would rarely see her but heard....
Every business has surprises hidden dangers beneath the surface and little known opportunities that can lead to huge success.
Sorry there is no STAR on the stage tonight!
Let's go! #CelebApprentice
.@BarackObama's assault on coal and gas and oil will send energy and manufacturing jobs to China." --@MittRomney
The hatchet job in @NYMag about Roger Ailes is total bullshit. He is the ultimate winner who is surrounded by a great team. @FoxNews
Thank you to @GolfweekMag for naming Trump International Golf Links Scotland #1 -- GB&amp;I Best Modern Course  -- A great honor!
Paul Ryan a man who doesn't know how to win (including failed run four years ago) must start focusing on the budget military vets etc.
Some great quotes from the legendary and courageous Winston Churchill: "Never never never give up." ...
...The fact is that Puerto Rico has been destroyed by two hurricanes. Big decisions will have to be made as to the cost of its rebuilding!
...are now fighting back like never before. There is so much GUILT by Democrats/Clinton and now the facts are pouring out. DO SOMETHING!
TEXAS: We are with you today we are with you tomorrow and we will be with you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER to restore recover and REBUILD! 
“HIV Is Cured In 2nd Patient Doctors Report.” @nytimes  Such great news for so many. Tremendous progress being made!
.@TrumpScotland provides luxury accommodations &amp; a championship Par 72 7400 yd. course. Book your tee time now 
.@RepCummings why don’t you focus on your district!? 
Why is this reporter touching me as I leave news conference? What is in her hand?? 
The Democrat House would not give us lawyers or not one witness but now demand that the Republican Senate produce the witnesses that the House never sought or even asked for? They had their chance but pretended to rush. Most unfair &amp; corrupt hearing in Congressional history!
Ted Cruz is a nervous wreck. He is making reckless charges not caring for the truth! His poll #'s are way down!
Upstate New York is suffering with record unemployment. Fracking is the answer. Frack now and Frack fast!
“Partner with people who share your values attitude and drive.” – Midas Touch with @theRealKiyosaki
“You just can't beat the person who never gives up.” – Babe Ruth
.@MELANIATRUMP @IvankaTrump @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr &amp; I  thank our loyal fans for another great season of @ApprenticeNBC!
Mexico has taken advantage of the United States for decades. Because of the Dems our Immigration Laws are BAD. Mexico makes a FORTUNE from the U.S. have for decades they can easily fix this problem. Time for them to finally do what must be done!
Looking forward to tonight! #SOTU 
Great honor I think?  Mark Zuckerberg recently stated that “Donald J. Trump is Number 1 on Facebook. Number 2 is Prime Minister Modi of India.” Actually I am going to India in two weeks. Looking forward to it!
Gary Sinise is doing tremendous work for veterans through his foundation—check it out @GarySiniseFound
The Trans-Pacific Partnership will increase our trade deficits &amp; send even more jobs overseas. This is a bad deal. Time for smart trade!
.@ICEgov HSI agents and ERO officers on behalf of an entire Nation THANK YOU for what you are doing 24/7/365 to keep fellow American’s SAFE. Everyone is so grateful!#LawEnforcementAppreciationDayPresident @realDonaldTrump 
As the phony Russian Witch Hunt continues two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold Democrats and Russians!
For decades politicians promised to secure the border fix our trade deals bring back our factories get tough on China move the Embassy to Jerusalem make NATO pay their fair share and so much else - only to do NOTHING (or worse)....
Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new plant in Mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the U.S. This is just the beginning - much more to follow
CONGRATULATIONS! #GeauxTigers 
The White House never looked more beautiful than it did returning last night. Important meetings taking place today. Big tax cuts &amp; reform.
Sheena Monnin acted terribly...she got what she deserved!
When will the Radical Left Wing Media apologize to me for knowingly getting the Russia Collusion Delusion story so wrong? The real story is about to happen! Why is @nytimes @washingtonpost @CNN @MSNBC allowed to be on Twitter &amp; Facebook. Much of what they do is FAKE NEWS!
The Unspoken Truth: What Impeachment Exposed About Trump and 2020 
My @showbiztonight interview on @KhloeKardashian @ApprenticeNBC &amp; my surprising TV career 
Thanks @piersmorgan! "Trump is the most unpredictable extraordinary entertaining&amp;massively popular candidate this country has ever seen."
Way to go @serenawilliams  - you are a true champion. Proud of you!
“TEA TALK: Highlights from Monday convention speech from Donald Trump”  via @myrbeachonline by @TSN_MPrabhu
...back home where they belong no more Rockets or M’s being fired over Japan or anywhere else and most importantly no Nuclear Testing. This is more than has ever been accomplished with North Korea and the Fake News knows it. I expect another good meeting soon much potential!
“President Donald J. Trump Approves Florida Emergency Declaration” 
The voters the Republican Party of Virginia are excluding will doom any chance of victory. The Dems LOVE IT! Be smart and win for a change!
The Inspector General's report on Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the W.H.
Will be doing a joint press conference in Hanoi Vietnam then heading for final destination of trip the Phillipines.
.@megynkelly recently said that she can’t be wooed by Trump. She is so average in every way who the hell wants to woo her!
...alone attracted 6.2 million viewers for the president’s briefing — an astounding number for a 6 p.m. cable broadcast more akin to the viewership for a popular prime-time sitcom...
....because he doesn't live there! He wants to raise taxes &amp; kill healthcare. On Tuesday #VoteKarenHandel.
Wow! Thank you Louisville Kentucky! #VoteTrump on 3/5/2016! Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Obama's new excuse for his failures is that you "can't change Washington from the inside." Not what he said in '09. 
Just remember the birther movement was started by Hillary Clinton in 2008. She was all in!
Biggest scandal of our time - the coup that failed! @MariaBartiromo 
Ted Cruz Was For Welcoming Syrian Refugees Before He Was Against 
.@marklevinshow has written a great book Plunder and Deceit. He powerfully analyzes issues that are crucial to us today. Read it!
.@CNN  should listen. Ana Navarro has no talent no TV persona and works for Bush—a total conflict of interest.  
People are really liking the new ties and shirts @Macy's-they are amazing and selling great!
Interview with @oreillyfactor on Fox Network - 4:00 P.M. (prior to Super Bowl). Enjoy!
Great book just out "A Place Called Heaven" by Dr. Robert Jeffress - A wonderful man!
It  seems there is never a problem for which @BarackObama cannot find a reason for another speech and another tax.
Almost all reporters falsely report that I had a "bad time" at last year's White House Correspondents' Dinner. (cont) 
Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or the stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #
Jackie Evancho's album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her Inauguration performance.Some people just don't understand the "Movement"
With President Obama it's all talk and no action. Our country is in desperate need of smart and decisive leadership before it is too late!
Sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesn't want to run against me. He would be so easy to beat!
Small bright spot in lackluster economy -  travel industry added 81000 jobs in 2012  Trump Org had a record year.
“I don’t think there’s any chance whatsoever of Senator Sanders defeating President Trump.” Mini Mike Bloomberg. Mini there’s even less chance especially after watching your debate performance last night of you winning the Democrat nomination...But I hope you do!
The EPA official who wants to crucify gas companies resigned   Good- but his attitude is endemic in the EPA
On Trade France makes excellent wine but so does the U.S. The problem is that France makes it very hard for the U.S. to sell its wines into France and charges big Tariffs whereas the U.S. makes it easy for French wines and charges very small Tariffs. Not fair must change!
Congratulations to the 2016 #StanleyCup Champions Pittsburgh @Penguins!
China is neither an ally or a friend--they want to beat us and own our country.
Nobody works harder or smarter than Joni! 
.@SteveRattner While I think you should have gone to prison for what you did I guess Obama saved you. But watch – I will win!
Being at the Army - Navy Game was fantastic. There is nothing like the spirit in that stadium. A wonderful experience and congrats to Army!
.@DanHenninger  WSJ: Nancy Pelosi had it right the first time when she did not want to go down the Impeachment path. Make it a voting issue. But no the Left insisted on raising this to the gravity of a constitutional crisis &amp; Impeachment. The hearings suggested it’s not going...
Thank you.  
The coolest story is that John Beale the man who headed up CLIMATE CHANGE for the government is a proven con man and total phoney.ARRESTED
Via @BreitbartNews by @THESHARKTANK1: "DONALD TRUMP FIRES ENTIRE 2016 GOP FIELD" 
Now this is a record that will never be broken! 
The late great William F. Buckley would be ashamed of what had happened to his prize the dying National Review!
....Trump is doing to China is not lost on the rest of the world. Europe has had among the most protectionist policies forever. They’re sitting there and saying gee are we next? Maybe you are! We’ve got to change the rules. The U.S. can’t defend the world and pay for it....
Big crowd expected today in Pensacola Florida for a Make America Great Again speech. We have done so much in so short a period of time...and yet are planning to do so much more! See you there!
Today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it!
This whole Russia Probe is Rigged. Just an excuse as to why the Dems and Crooked Hillary lost the Election and States that haven’t been lost in decades. 13 Angry Democrats and all Dems if you include the people who worked for Obama for 8 years. #SPYGATE &amp; CONFLICTS OF INTEREST!
I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. People get it!
Isn't it interesting that immediately after September 11th everybody was asking for and indeed demanding torture of any kind. No reports!
Thank you Mike! 
Iran has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing a ballistic missile.Should have been thankful for the terrible deal the U.S. made with them!
All-Star @ApprenticeNBC premiering March 3rd on @NBC features terrific TV stars competing in the toughest tasks yet. Will be great.
Bush is pretending that the "Trump surge" is great for him and the @nytimesworld is  reporting Bush "delight" - con job a Bush nightmare!
With imposing dunes on the rugged Aberdeenshire coastline @TrumpScotland’s Championship Course is a masterpiece 
After being ripped off for years Obama finally figured out that China is taking advantage of us. He's finally listening to me.
Why does US doping agency destroy an American icon @lancearmstrong for events that took place years ago in France?
Big WIN for us in Iowa tonight. Thank you!
Entrepreneurs:  Believe in yourself. If you don’t no one else will either. Realize that becoming an entrepreneur is not a group effort.
Behind the scenes photo of @Gretawire and I filming an interview-  Watch tonight at 10PM ET on @FoxNews.
I will be speaking to my friend President Xi of China this morning at 8:30. The primary topics will be Trade where good things will happen and North Korea where relationships and trust are building.
I remained strong for @TigerWoods during his difficult period. He rewarded me (and himself) by winning at Trump National Doral.
I cannot imagine that Congress would dare to leave Washington without a beautiful new HealthCare bill fully approved and ready to go!
Heading to New Hampshire - will be talking about Hillary saying her brain SHORT CIRCUITED and other things!
Many more Republican voters showed up yesterday than the Fake News thought possible. The political pundits just don’t get what is going on out there - or they do get it but refuse to report the facts! Remember Dems are High Tax High Crime easy to beat!
Gas prices have doubled under Obama. Over $5/gallon now in California. We must start drilling from our own resources to become independent.
Great job by FEMA Law Enforcement First Responders U.S. Coast Guard and ALL! Keep going we all appreciate what you are doing!
Will be on Howard Stern at 6.45 A.M. and the Today Show at 8.00 A.M.
My @Newsmax_Media int. with @SteveMTalk on my Iowa @theFAMiLYLEADER speech @jonkarl 2016 &amp; Benghazi 
Just landed - will see everyone in Southport Indiana shortly! #MAGARally🇺🇸 
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:20. Great crowd in Las Vegas yesterday!
Enviro friendly? "AP IMPACT: Obama administration allows wind farms to kill eagles birds despite federal laws" 
I would like to express my warmest regards best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in NYC.
His lies were made in perhaps the most blatant and sinister manner ever seen in the great Chamber. He wrote down and read terrible things then said it was from the mouth of the President of the United States. I want Schiff questioned at the highest level for Fraud &amp; Treason.....
Two great entertainers and more importantly great people! Check out their show. 
“I REALLY DON’T CARE DO U?” written on the back of Melania’s jacket refers to the Fake News Media. Melania has learned how dishonest they are and she truly no longer cares!
Remember no one ever said success was easy.Good luck doesn’t come overnight.But if u work hard &amp; love it u will find success &amp; luck.
S&amp;P 500 hits new record high. Up 19% for the year. Congratulations!
While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers.
.@robbreport Best 2013 Golf Courses: Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland. Great honor great magazine—thanks!  
.@BreitbartNews continues to do great work in exposing the left wing financing behind amnesty 
“Dems in Puerto Rico as Shutdown hits day 24.” @foxandfriends
Obama called August's job report "progress." Overall 96K new jobs &amp; over 173K new people on food 
Boy did Pharrell &amp; Robin Thicke get screwed. The Marvin Gaye song sounds nothing like theirs. Get new lawyers fast!
So funny to watch the Fake News especially NBC and CNN. They are fighting hard to downplay the deal with North Korea. 500 days ago they would have “begged” for this deal-looked like war would break out. Our Country’s biggest enemy is the Fake News so easily promulgated by fools!
The problem with agreeing to a policy on immigration is that the Democrats don't want secure bordersthey don't care about safety for U.S.A.
“Miss Universe Ratings -- 6.1 Million Viewers Best Since 2008”
I pay millions of $’s a year to Florida Power &amp; Light &amp; they can’t give us what we want. Maybe a major class action suit against them?
Donald Trump to Chris Christie: Don’t hire @stuartpstevens  via @politico by @Hadas_Gold
The Job on CBS the 15th copy of The Apprentice was just cancelled - I love it!
.@seanhannity at 10:00.
Via @DailyCaller @NeilMunroDC: “Obama’s Border Policy Fueled Epidemic Evidence Shows” 
Thank you @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell for understanding the Democrats game of not playing it straight on the ridiculous Witch Hunt Hoax in the Senate. Cryin’ Chuck will never stop. Did Senator @MarkWarner ever report speaking to a Russian!?
If @BarackObama wanted the "Super Committee" to succeed he would have lead. Instead he has been campaigning. Where is the leadership?
Jonah Goldberg @JonahNRO of the once great @NRO #National Review is truly dumb as a rock. Why does  @BretBaier put this dummy on his show?
Thank you Portland Maine! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
Hillary should give it another try but this time don’t forget Wisconsin Pennsylvania Michigan North Carolina &amp; others! 
It was an honor to welcome Republican and Democratic members of the Senate Finance Committee to the @WhiteHouse today. #TaxReform 
“The four page memo released Friday reports the disturbing fact about how the FBI and FISA appear to have been used to influence the 2016 election and its aftermath....The FBI failed to inform the FISA court that the Clinton campaign had funded the dossier....the FBI became....
The GDP Rate (4.2%) is higher than the Unemployment Rate (3.9%) for the first time in over 100 years!
Lover FBI Agent Peter Strzok was given poor marks on yesterday’s closed door testimony and according to most reports refused to answer many questions. There was no Collusion and the Witch Hunt headed by 13 Angry Democrats and others who are totally conflicted is Rigged!
Bernie Sanders is pushing hard for a single payer healthcare plan - a curse on the U.S. &amp; its people...
Watch out. Champion @Joan_Rivers returns to the Boardroom as a judge in this week’s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. Don't cross her!
Bob Mueller (who is a much different man than people think) and his out of control band of Angry Democrats don’t want the truth they only want lies. The truth is very bad for their mission!
Thank you. I love you too! 
.@HuffingtonPost is doing very badly. Also very inaccurate stories. Like AOL when will they fail?
#TBT With the wonderful actor Jack Nicholson 
Lets go America! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!#SuperTuesday  
'Presidential Executive Order on Identifying and Reducing Tax Regulatory Burdens' Executive Order:… 
The Afghan Security Forces who we are training have killed 52 U.S. soldiers  Time to get out of there!
....The fact is when I took over as President our Country was a mess. Depleted Military Endless Wars a potential War with North Korea V.A. High Taxes &amp; too many Regulations Border Immigration &amp; HealthCare problems &amp; much more. I had no choice but to work very long hours!
Look where the world is today a total mess and ISIS is still running around wild. I can fix it fast Hillary has no chance!

Many Syrian ‘rebels’ are radical Jihadis. Not our friends &amp; supporting them doesn't serve our national interest. Stay out of Syria!
WikiLeaks reveals Clinton camp’s work with ‘VERY friendly and malleable reporters’ #DrainTheSwamp #
Without momentum there’s a lack of energy that can lead the best of ideas to nowhere. Get your momentum going-- and keep it going.
We are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. I want change - Crooked Hillary Clinton does not.
...Trump/Russia story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign?
Brad Blakeman: “The American people understand that we have been played by foreign actors who would rather have us fight their battles for them. The Pesident says look this is your neighborhood you’ve got to stand up to protect yourselves. Don’t always look to America.”

What a coincidence--Michelle Obama called Kenya @BarackObama's "homeland" in 2008  
“Trump to campaign for @SteveKingIA”  via @kscj1360
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. -- Steve Jobs
Sleepy Joe Biden is having his first rally in the Great State of Pennsylvania. He obviously doesn’t know that Pennsylvania is having one of the best economic years in its history with lowest unemployment EVER a now thriving Steel Industry (that was dead) &amp; great future!........
Wall Street Journal Editorial: “She (Crazy Nancy) aimed at Trump and hit Uncle Joe.”
New Reuters Poll just came out and has me at 32% highest number yet.The silent majority is back and we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
True with number 1 being more important! 
We are doing great Economically as a Country Number One despite the Fed’s antiquated policy on rates and tightening. Much room to grow!
What Barbara Res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly and for years trying to come back. I said no.
When there is not an underlying crime with regard to Collusion (in fact the whole thing was a made up fraud) it is difficult to say that someone is obstructing something. There was no underlying crime.” @marthamaccallum  @FoxNews
#MAGA 
False stories are being reported that a few Republican Senators are saying that President Trump may have done a quid pro quo but it doesn’t matter there is nothing wrong with that it is not an impeachable event. Perhaps so but read the transcript there is no quid pro quo!
.@Andre_Reed83. Congratulations Andre you deserve it!
....@foxandfriends
Make sure to follow me on @periscopeco. I will be streaming my announcement at 11AM.
.@BarackObama sent over 100000 jobs and Canadian oil to China all because he would not approve Keystone XL.
With all of the recently reported electronic surveillance intercepts unmasking and illegal leaking of information I have no idea...
“Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence.” - Vince Lombardi
Why would Obama ever nominate someone for Sec. of Defense who opposes sanctions against Iran when Obama claims to support them?
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. (1 hour). ENJOY!
Government dependency has surged over 23% since @BarackObama has taken office.  He is creating an entitlement culture.
.@TrumpNewYork is the only Forbes 5 Star &amp; 5 Diamond hotel with a 5 Star &amp; Five-Diamond restaurant in NYC 
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. -- Benjamin Franklin
Thank you @SenatorFischer! #
Despite previous tweet Dennis Rodman would do a better job than the current (cont) 
My heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with the 7 @USNavy sailors of the #USSFitzgerald and their families. ➡️… 
“When you expect things to happen - strangely enough - they do happen.” - J. P. Morgan
A string of court cases that have been run through the legal system that have hit DEAD ENDS.... @BillHemmer @AmericaNewsroom 
Just landed in D.C. 
Just tried watching Saturday Night Live - unwatchable! Totally biased not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can't get any worse. Sad
Robert De Niro a very Low IQ individual has received too many shots to the head by real boxers in movies. I watched him last night and truly believe he may be “punch-drunk.” I guess he doesn’t...
It was my great honor to host a celebration of Diwali the Hindu Festival of Lights in the Roosevelt Room at the @WhiteHouse this afternoon. Very very special people!  
Why would @BarackObama be spending millions of dollars to hide his records if there was nothing to hide?
I will always protect our great warfighters. I’ve got your backs!
When I said in an interview that Putin is "not going into Ukraine you can mark it down" I am saying if I am President. Already in Crimea!
After many years of LEAKS going on in Washington it is great to see the A.G. taking action! For National Security the tougher the better!
....The U.S. does not want to watch as these ISIS fighters permeate Europe which is where they are expected to go. We do so much and spend so much - Time for others to step up and do the job that they are so capable of doing. We are pulling back after 100% Caliphate victory!
.@TheBrodyFile: "Trump's appeal to evangelicals is real" #Trump2016  
Congrats to @Team_Mitch on winning a spirited primary. Great job Mitch.
The anti-Semitic attack in Monsey New York on the 7th night of Hanukkah last night is horrific. We must all come together to fight confront and eradicate the evil scourge of anti-Semitism. Melania and I wish the victims a quick and full recovery.
Board Room finale of this week’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC will leave viewers wondering where the rest of the season goes…It's great!
The Democrats want MASSIVE tax increases &amp; soft crime producing borders.The Republicans want the biggest tax cut in history &amp; the WALL!
#TBT For all who have been asking my mother was a great beauty and a wonderful person. Here we are with my father- 
A great book for your reading enjoyment: "REASONS TO VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS" by Michael J. Knowles.
The @AmSpec interview by Jeffrey Lord: "A TRUMP CARD - The Donald talks politics and parenting." 
Attorney–client privilege is dead!
Florida Power &amp; Light did a fantastic job of providing service &amp; energy during the big storm in Palm Beach. @insideFPL
....instead of giving to a wonderful charitable cause.
Under @BarackObama 1 out of every 7 Americans is on food stamps.
Mexico’s court system is a dishonest joke. I am owed a lot of money &amp; nothing happens.
Whitney Houston was a great friend and an amazing talent. We will all miss her and send our prayers to her family.
There is another Russia Russia Russia meeting today. It is headed up by corrupt politician Adam “Shifty” Schiff so I wouldn’t expect too much! @DHS_Wolf
Just watched the totally biased and fake news reports of the so-called Russia story on NBC and ABC. Such dishonesty!
Capitalism requires capital. When government robs capital from investors it takes away the money that creates (cont)  18:47:41,182,21,false,161882881810112512TwitLonger Beta,Look here's the deal: @BarackObama has been a total disaster. He has spent this country into the ground and (cont) 
It is time to #DrainTheSwamp!
Entrepreneurs: We win in our daily lives by being careful with every day every moment.
.@BarackObama is practically begging @MittRomney to disavow the place of birth movement he is afraid of it and (cont) 
The Democrats are getting ZERO work done in Congress. All they are focused on is trying to prove the Mueller Report wrong the Witch Hunt!
Wow Mitt Romney didn't  know that Rand Paul was in the race for president. Very strange! @FoxNews
Thank you to our GREAT Republican Members of Congress for your VOTE to fund Border Security and the Wall. The final numbers were 217-185 and many have said that the enthusiasm was greater than they have ever seen before. So proud of you all. Now on to the Senate!
I delivered a speech in Charlotte North Carolina yesterday. I appreciate all of the feedback &amp; support. Lets #MAGA… 
Oil should not cost more than $40 a barrel.  Ideally it should be $25.  Cheap to produce and we protect the OPEC countries.
You can't build a reputation on what you're doing to do.  Great quote by Henry Ford.
#ElectionNight  Won 5 out of 6 elections in Kentucky including 5 great candidates that I spoke for and introduced last night. @MattBevin picked up at least 15 points in last days but perhaps not enough (Fake News will blame Trump!). Winning in Mississippi Governor race!
China is filling the vacuum left by Obama at the UN on the world stage.
The Donald Goes to CPAC: TV star and hotel magnate gives his thoughts on the state of America  by @Kredo0
News conference live from the @WhiteHouse today. 5:00 P.M. Eastern!
Does the Fake News Media ever mention the fact that Republicans with the very important help of my campaign Rallies WON THE UNITED STATES SENATE 53 to 47? All I hear is that the Open Border Dems won the House. Senate alone approves judges &amp; others. Big Republican Win!
True but we are getting it all done! 
Twisted Sister frontman @deesnider shines in the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice. The Iron Man of Rock and Roll is great!
British Prime Minister May was very angry that the info the U.K. gave to U.S. about Manchester was leaked. Gave me full details!
Some of the many Bills that I am signing in the Oval Office right now. Cancelled my trip on Air Force One to Florida while we wait to see if the Democrats will help us to protect America’s Southern Border! 
My deepest sympathies to the families and friends of those involved in the terrible boat accident which just took place in Missouri. Such a tragedy such a great loss. May God be with you all!
Thank you @TIME readers- a great honor! 
So many great things happening - new poll numbers looking good! News conference at 11:00 A.M. today Trump Tower!
Will be meeting with Lawmakers today at 11:30 A.M. to discuss School Safety.  Next week it will be with our Nation’s Governors. It’s been many years of all talk no action. We’ll get it done!

AIR FORCE TRUMP: AHEAD OF 2016 THE DONALD SLAMS ROMNEY BUSH IN SOUTH CAROLINA  via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1
Well the year has officially begun. I have many stops planned and will be working very hard to win so that we can turn our country around!
Louisiana Republicans must go out and vote REPUBLICAN in your Governor’s race. A Republican will win if you can force a runoff! Early voting has started. Your 2nd Amendment and much else is at stake.
Where are the 50000 important text messages between FBI lovers Lisa Page and Peter Strzok?  Blaming Samsung!
When you are the big “piggy bank” that other countries have been ripping off for years (to a level that is not to be believed) Tariffs are a great negotiating tool a great revenue producer and  most importantly a powerful way to get......
Just another FAKE SUPPRESSION POLL this time from @FoxNews of course! 
It would have been much easier for me to win the so-called popular vote than the Electoral College in that I would only campaign in 3 or 4--
Why was @BarackObama selling guns to Mexican drug dealers?
To all journalists look into the financial dealings of Scottish Parliament members with Vattenfall…Follow the money.
Always good to have @ArsenioHall back as advisor as well as @DonaldJTrumpJr. They have their own fan clubs at this point. #CelebApprentice
.....biggest test of his presidency emboldened ready to claim exoneration and take his case of grievance persecution and resentment to the campaign trail.” Peter Baker  @nytimes  The Greatest Witch Hunt In American History!
Don't forget to watch me tonight on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon 12:35 a.m. on NBC. I'll be making a big announcement!
“You don't necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal.” – The Art of The Deal
The reason I put up approximately $50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple I want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Chris McDaniel looks like he will win in Mississippi - GREAT NEWS and big victory for Tea Party!
....If we bought 15 Billion Dollars of Agriculture from our Farmers far more than China buys now we would have more than 85 Billion Dollars left over for new Infrastructure Healthcare or anything else. China would greatly slow down and we would automatically speed up!
A great day at the White House!
Thank you Charlie! 
Leaving now for Tennessee. Big crowd!
Tainted (no very dishonest?) FBI “agent’s role in Clinton probe under review.” Led Clinton Email probe. @foxandfriends  Clinton money going to wife of another FBI agent in charge.
Will be interviewed on @ThisWeekABC this morning. Enjoy!
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary.  Let's Make America Great Again! 
The phony lawsuit against Trump U could have been easily settled by me but I want  to go to court. 98% approval rating by students. Easy win
Just finished reading my son Donald’s just out new book “Triggered.” It is really good! He along with many of us was very unfairly treated. But we all fight back and we always win!
Throughout American history the men and women of our Armed Forces have selflessly served our Country making tremendous sacrifices to defend our liberty. On National POW/MIA Recognition Day we honor all American Prisoners of War:  
“If you can accept losing you can't win.” - Vince Lombardi
My @CENTURY21 Super Bowl commercial   which aired during the third quarter.
Donald Trump Defends His Big" Obama Bombshell: 'It's Not a Publicity Stunt'"  via @eonline
My support of Anna Wintour for Ambassador got a lot of coverage.  She is smart and will be a strong advocate for the US.
One positive from last week for Lance was that everyone was focused on Manti Te'o!  Why did Lance do that interview?
Great reviews on the USMCA - sooo much better than NAFTA!
....Scott has helped us to lower drug prices get a record number of generic drugs approved and onto the market and so many other things. He and his talents will be greatly missed!
The world is noticing thanks! 
I don’t believe the Democrats really want to see a deal on DACA. They are all talk and no action. This is the time but day by day they are blowing the one great opportunity they have. Too bad!
Virtually no-one has spent more money in helping the  American people with disabilities than me. Will discuss today at my speech in Sarasota
Will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @FoxNews at 10:00 AM. Talking about the Southern Border and how the Dems MUST act fast to change our pathetic immigration laws. Will be tough watch!
He that is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else. -- Benjamin Franklin
“Don’t be afraid of mistakes. They can be  learning tools on the way to building something great for yourself.”  Think Like a Champion
In order to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; create a new GOVERNMENT of by &amp; for the PEOPLE I need your VOTE! Go to  LET'S #MAGA!
While the reviews and reporting on our Border Immigration Agreement with Mexico have been very good there has nevertheless been much false reporting (surprise!) by the Fake and Corrupt News Media such as Comcast/NBC CNN @nytimes &amp; @washingtonpost. These “Fakers” are Bad News!
There should be no further releases from Gitmo. These are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield.
Trade talks going on with numerous countries that for many years have not treated the United States fairly. In the end all will be happy!
Wow China exports rise 15% in September. They are laughing at USA!
“Mark Levin: Media trying to protect Biden ignoring MASSIVE DEMOCRAT SCANDAL” 
Great evening last night at the White House honoring Justice Kavanaugh and family. Our country is very proud of them!
I would have had many millions of votes more than Crooked Hillary Clinton except for the fact that I had 16 opponents she had one!
I will be speaking the night before the RNC in Sarasota FL when I receive the "Statesman of the Year" award.
Had the Fed not mistakenly raised interest rates especially since there is very little inflation and had they not done the ridiculously timed quantitative tightening the 3.0% GDP &amp; Stock Market would have both been much higher &amp; World Markets would be in a better place!
.....close the Southern Border. Bring our car industry back into the United States where it belongs. Go back to pre-NAFTA before so many of our companies and jobs were so foolishly sent to Mexico. Either we build (finish) the Wall or we close the Border......
Puerto Rico being hit hard by new monster Hurricane. Be careful our hearts are with you- will be there to help!
Via @todayshow by @ReeHines: “Donald Trump reveals new @ApprenticeNBC cast talks Joan Rivers' role on show” 
Ford said last week that it will expand in Michigan and U.S. instead of building a BILLION dollar plant in Mexico. Thank you Ford &amp; Fiat C!
It is wonderful to be in beautiful Doonbeg touring @Trump_Ireland. I'm truly honored by the wonderful welcome to my family &amp; organization
.@Troy_Balderson of Ohio is doing a great job as your Congressman already very respected in Washington. Get out and VOTE for Troy - we need him – great guy – has my Total Endorsement!
Great to see @AGPamBondi launch a cutting-edge statewide school safety APP in Florida today - named by Parkland Survivors. BIG PRIORITY and Florida is getting it done! #FortifyFL
Thank you @SteveDaines for being willing to go with the so-called nuclear option in order to win on DESPERATELY NEEDED Border Security! Have my total support.
Bob Dole Warns of ‘Cataclysmic’ Losses With Ted Cruz and Says Donald Trump Would Do Better via New York Times: 
Flashback – Jeb Bush says  illegal immigrants breaking our laws is an “act of love”  He will never secure the border.
A wonderful place. 
The NYC casting call for The Apprentice is thisThursday April 1 at Trump Tower. For all the information you need go to NBC.com/casting.
Peter Navarro: 'Trump the Bull vs. Clinton the Bear' #DrainTheSwamp 
Go out and get Andrew McCarthy’s new book “Ball of Collusion.” “Supervision became the investigator and when they pushed the envelope there was nobody there to tell them NO. It goes right to the President (Obama). Plenty of information that Obama was informed &amp; knew exactly...
Via @swan_investor by @Forbes: “The Trump Card: Make America Great Again” 
Everybody is talking about the protesters burning the American flags and proudly waving Mexican flags. I want America First - so do voters!
Rick Perry--a good man a great family and a patriot.
I really enjoyed the debate last night.Crooked Hillary says she is going to do so many things.Why hasn't she done them in her last 30 years?
Pakistani intelligence had full knowledge that Bin Laden was living in Abbottabad.  They were sheltering him.
Entrepreneurs: Don’t ever think you’ve done it all already or that you’ve done your best. You haven't-- so don't limit yourself!
Looking forward to being in the North Carolina tomorrow night. We’re having a BIG RALLY for a great guy Dan Bishop. Strong on Crime Borders your Military and our Vets we need Dan Bishop in Washington badly. His opponent is WEAK on Crime Borders and against your 2nd A.
The Russia hoax continues now it's ads on Facebook. What about the totally biased and dishonest Media coverage in favor of Crooked Hillary?
Thank you. 

The law requires individuals pay 15% on carried interest. Why would a potential President pay more than he or she is supposed to?
A new poll indicates that 68% of my supporters would vote for me if I departed the GOP &amp; ran as an independent. 
.@BLTPrimeMiami @TrumpDoral’s signature restaurant has set the standard for today’s modern steakhouse 
We love Australia! 
....The USA should always be paying the the lowest rate. No Inflation! It is only the naïveté of Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve that doesn’t allow us to do what other countries are already doing. A once in a lifetime opportunity that we are missing because of “Boneheads.”
I'll be signing copies of my new book "Time To Get Tough" today at Trump Tower--11 am to 2 pm. Hope to see you there. #TimeToGetTough
Despite the Phony Witch Hunt we will continue to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you!! 
...or mentally troubled (or a con).
Thank you Pennsylvania!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
Our great First Lady. She really cares! 
Via @NewHampJournal by @jdistaso: “In NH ‘The Donald’ hammers Mitt Jeb as he again weighs a run for President” 
Very good meetings with North Korea.
תמיד אעמוד לצד מדינת ישראל והעם היהודי. אני תומך בחוזקה בבטיחותם ובטחונם ובזכותם לחיות במולדתם ההיסטורית. הגיע הזמן לשלום! 
When I decided to go to Ohio for Troy Balderson he was down in early voting 64 to 36. That was not good. After my speech on Saturday night there was a big turn for the better. Now Troy wins a great victory during a very tough time of the year for voting. He will win BIG in Nov.
In times of tragedy the bonds that sustain us are those of family faith community and country. These bonds are stronger than the forces of hatred and evil - and these bonds grow even stronger in the hours of our greatest need.  
Insurgents in Iraq show they can still mount horrifying attacks---US wastes  trillions.
.@CNBC continues to report fictious poll numbers. Number one based on every statistic is Trump (by a wide margin). They just can't say it!
The ratings at @FoxNews blow away the ratings of @CNN - not even close. That's because CNN is the Clinton News Network and people don't like
I thought Newsweek was out of business? 
Scary. Over 8332000 Americans left the work force during Obama's first term  How did Romney lose that election?
Derek Jeter broke ankle one day after he sold his apartment in Trump World Tower.
North Korea has not conducted a Missile Test since November 28 2017 and has promised not to do so through our meetings. I believe they will honor that commitment!
Edward Snowden is absolutely killing the the U.S. with other countries!
Scary. President Obama told Boehner that the government doesn't have a spending problem  
There is no reason for these massive deadly and costly forest fires in California except that forest management is so poor. Billions of dollars are given each year with so many lives lost all because of gross mismanagement of the forests. Remedy now or no more Fed payments!
We must stop releasing hard core criminals all over the United States. Our country must be strong again!
I unfairly get audited by the I.R.S. almost every single year. I have rich friends who never get audited. I wonder why?
We would save Billions of Dollars if the Democrats would give us the votes to build the Wall. Either way people will NOT be allowed into our Country illegally! We will close the entire Southern Border if necessary. Also STOP THE DRUGS!
American professors were in Tehran for an Occupy Wall Street Conference   @BarackObama's diplomatic initiative?!?!
.@KarlRove is far more to blame for Obama's victory than the Tea Party.
Even the @NYTimes and @WashingtonPost Editorial Boards condemned Justice Ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. What was she thinking?
The real story turns out to be SURVEILLANCE and LEAKING! Find the leakers.
Why isn't Hillary 50 points ahead? Maybe it's the email scandal policies that spread ISIS or calling millions of… 
#USAatUNGA🇺🇸#UNGA 
A nurse in Dallas who treated Ebola patient Thomas Duncan was allowed to fly to Cleveland.She should never have been so allowed! The real JV
.@williebosshog such an honor to get your endorsement. You are a fantastic guy! It will not be forgotten. Don and Eric say hello!
Congratulations to Mitt Romney. He was not only good he was absolutely fantastic tonight!
I'll be on @foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM don't miss it.
America is blessed with extraordinary energy abundance including more than 250 years worth of beautiful clean coal. We have ended the war on coal and will continue to work to promote American energy dominance!
The Biden family was PAID OFF pure and simple! The fake news must stop making excuses for something that is totally inexcusable. Sleepy Joe said he never spoke to the Ukrainian company and then the picture came out where he was playing golf with the company boss and Hunter.....
The Obstructionist Democrats have given us (or not fixed) some of the worst trade deals in World History. I am changing that fast!
Be sure to watch Oprah today (4 pm on Channel 7) I'll be on with my entire family and it will be an entertaining hour..
My lawyers want to sue the failing @nytimes so badly for irresponsible intent. I said no (for now) but they are watching. Really disgusting
“Americans know by now that the Impeachment inquiry is just another hoax and silent coup to remove the President from office.” J.J. Crovatto  Don’t worry J.J. Schiff is a leaker &amp; corrupt politician who made up what I said on the call in order to hurt the Republican Party &amp; me!
When our Country had no debt and built everything from Highways to the Military with CASH we had a big system of Tariffs. Now we allow other countries to steal our wealth treasure and jobs - But no more! The USA is doing great with unlimited upside into the future!
Ted Cruz is lying again. Polls are showing that I do beat Hillary Clinton head to head. Check out  Poll snd Q Poll.
Thank you Florida- a MOVEMENT that has never been seen before and will never be seen again. Lets get out &amp;… 
...the Economy where there is NO Recession much to the regret of the LameStream Media! They are working overtime to help the Democrats win in 2020 but that will NEVER HAPPEN Americans are too smart!
Wishing everyone a very Happy Holiday season!
.@TrumpChicago’s river lake and skyline views in each of its deluxe 5 Star guestrooms 
Get on Trump's List email from the RNC was not authorized. I am self funding my campaign! Do not pay. Email: 
Young entrepreneurs –  Remember that your first deals are the most important of your career. Win &amp; gain confidence.
True courage is being afraid and going ahead and doing your job anyhow that's what courage is.  - Gen. Norman Schwarzkopf (1934-2012)
I am asking all citizens to believe in yourselves believe in your future and believe once more in America. #AmericaFirst🇺🇸 
Heading to Myrtle Beach South Carolina. Really big crowd—so much to talk about!
This story is no longer about John McCain it’s about our horribly treated vets. Illegals are treated better than our wonderful veterans.
The national debt continues to rise at record levels and today @BarackObama is in Disney World. He lives in a fantasy.
A disgrace! 
“The real story involves Hunter Biden going around the world and collecting large payments from foreign governments and foreign oligarchs.” Peter Schweizer  Laura Ingraham Hunter made a fortune in Ukraine and in China. He knew nothing about Energy or anything else.
Amazing! 
....The LameStream Media which is The Enemy of the People is working overtime with made up stories in order to drive dissension and distrust!
Wow. Unbelievable. 
Stock Market up 5 months in a row!
A country that cannot protect its borders is a country destined to fail. Another broken promise by our leaders in Washington.
.@GeraldoRivera Thanks my champion Geraldo--and very true.
One down one to go – Greg Murphy is projected to win in the Great State of North Carolina! #NC03
Republicans better start listening to and respecting the Tea Party!
Thank you to Democrat Assemblyman Dov Hikind of New York for your very gracious remarks on @foxandfriends for our deporting a longtime resident Nazi back to Germany! Others worked on this for decades.
Welcome back to Earth @Astro_Christina and congratulations on breaking the female record for the longest stay in space! You’re inspiring young women and making the USA proud! Enjoyed speaking with you and @Astro_Jessica on the first all-female spacewalk IN HISTORY last year.
Working very hard on Pastor Brunson!
North Korea has just launched another missile. Does this guy have anything better to do with his life? Hard to believe that South Korea.....
Sen. Kay Hagan voted for Amnesty &amp; ObamaCare. She is a proven liberal who recklessly goes along with Obama. Vote @ThomTillis in November!
China is threatening Washington over the currency bill.  We should pass it immediately.
I win an election easily a great "movement" is verified and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS. A sorry state!
Now with the Danger-Weiner campaign dead time to focus on crazy Eliot Spitzer. A man who has never earned 10 cents in his life.
The same people who got us into the Middle East mess are the people who most want to stay there!
The American people agree. No free pass for #CrookedHillary! 
Our Country has lost stupidly Trillions of Dollars with China over many years. They have stolen our Intellectual Property at a rate of Hundreds of Billions of Dollars a year &amp; they want to continue. I won’t let that happen! We don’t need China and frankly would be far....
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
“There is no worse feeling than being trapped in a job you do not enjoy.  You have to love what you do.” - Think Big
When the House and Senate meet on the very important Farm Bill – we love our farmers - hopefully they will be able to leave the WORK REQUIREMENTS FOR FOOD STAMPS PROVISION that the House approved. Senate should go to 51 votes!
For the record I have ZERO investments in Russia.
Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining-then a small one. Pathetic
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away AMERICA will become the world's great magnet for innovation and job creati… 
As only one of two people left who could become President why wouldn’t the FBI or Department of “Justice” have told me that they were secretly investigating Paul Manafort (on charges that were 10 years old and had been previously dropped) during my campaign? Should have told me!
.@TrumpPanama is Panama City’s premiere hotel. 70 stories over Punta Pacifica excellence has arrived to So. America  
The windfarm approval in Scotland is subject to many conditions that can never be met - will be tied up in courts for years! #EOWDC
Will be speaking with our great military in different parts of the world through teleconference at 9:00 A.M. Eastern. Then it will be off to see our Coast Guard patriots &amp; to thank them for the great job they have been doing especially with the hurricanes. Happy Thanksgiving!
Thank you to @DiamondandSilk for the really nice words and thoughts on @LouDobbs tonight hosted by Lou’s friend @DavidAsmanfox. Great job by all. P.S. Check out these two great women on tour tomorrow night in NYC at the Marriott Marquis Hotel Broadway. Have fun!
.@FoxNews owes me an apology for allowing clueless pundit @RichLowry to use such foul language on TV. Unheard of!
“Simply take a big goal and mold yourself to become the person who can accomplish that goal.” – Think Big
Great to be back in Iowa! #TBT with @JerryJrFalwell joining me in Davenport- this past winter. #MAGA 
Congratulations to @joniernst on her impressive @IowaGOP primary win last night. Now all should unite &amp; defeat Bruce Braley this November
In the span of two months @BarackObama the habitual vacationer has called America "soft" and lazy." He loves to criticize America.
Thank you Cedar Rapids Iowa!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
The electoral college is a disaster for a democracy.
I will be on On The Record @gretawire tonight at 7 PM
It’s truly incredible that shows like Saturday Night Live not funny/no talent can spend all of their time knocking the same person (me) over &amp; over without so much of a mention of “the other side.” Like an advertisement without consequences. Same with Late Night Shows......
Derek Jeter @yankees wants to rent an apartment. Derek--only in a Trump building--Trump is lucky for you.
Lots of response to my comment on Diet Coke- let's face it it doesn't work- just makes you hungry.
We have a MASSIVE trade deficit with Germany plus they pay FAR LESS than they should on NATO &amp; military. Very bad for U.S. This will change
....I want to thank Acting Chief Mick Mulvaney for having served the Administration so well. He will become the United States Special Envoy for Northern Ireland. Thank you!
Today it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister @Netanyahu of Israel back to the @WhiteHouse where I signed a Presidential Proclamation recognizing Israel’s sovereignty over the Golan Heights. Read more:  
A great job by @RickieFowlerPGA in winning The Players yesterday. Finally your jealous critics can go to hell! Good luck at The U.S. Open.
Retired Four Star General Jack Keane will recieve the PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM next week!
Young entrepreneurs – keep positive. Don’t let the ObamaCare disaster stop your endeavors. There are great opportunities out there.
Paul Ryan the failed V.P. candidate &amp; former Speaker of the House whose record of achievement was atrocious (except during my first two years as President) ultimately became a long running lame duck failure leaving his Party in the lurch both as a fundraiser &amp; leader......
It is not "freedom of the press" when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false!
Great job by the FBI Boston Police and all others involved-start the trial tonight!
Hello Baltimore! 
The United States better address China's exchange rate before they steal our country and it is too late! China is laughing at us.
.@MannyPacquiao and friends at @TrumpDoral 
I fully support H.R. 6201: Families First CoronaVirus Response Act which will be voted on in the House this evening. This Bill will follow my direction for free CoronaVirus tests and paid sick leave for our impacted American workers. I have directed....
Today it was my pleasure and great honor to announce my nomination of Jerome Powell to be the next Chairman of the @FederalReserve. 
A tough week was had by@MittRomney but he's come back from adversity before.
.@FoxNews is changing their  theme from "fair and balanced" to "unfair and unbalanced." But dying @WSJ is worse.Their phony poll is a  joke!
.@AGSchneiderman should remove his eyeliner as pointed out by Cuomo when he does his commercials!
It was an honor to be @GretchenCarlson's inaugural guest on her new show ‘The Real Story.’ Gretchen will be a big success!
The media has been speculating that I fired Rex Tillerson or that he would be leaving soon - FAKE NEWS! He’s not leaving and while we disagree on certain subjects (I call the final shots) we work well together and America is highly respected again!
Congress must change the Immigration Laws now Dems won’t act. Wall is being built - 400 miles by end of next year. Mexico must stop the march to Border! @foxandfriends
Getting ready for @nbcsnl commercial. 
“President Donald J. Trump Delivers Remarks at the Shamrock☘️Bowl Presentation by Prime Minister Varadkar in the East Room of the White House” 🇺🇸🇮🇪 
....Kevin is strong on Securing the Border #USMCA protecting our #2A and Loves our Vets and Military. Kevin is a true friend and has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
This Sunday’s LIVE FINALE of @ApprenticeNBC puts @pennjillette against @TraceAdkins. Watch two great competitors battle to win!
China will extract much from Secretary Kerry and the U:S. in order for them to help us with the North Korea problem-don't let this happen!
Great new ad from @CmteForIsrael: 'Next Year...President @MittRomney in Jerusalem the Capital of Israel' 
Take a look at   and   to see these beautiful hotels.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Be careful of an Obama "bomb" to win election! Would be a horrible thing to do.
....The flags at the White House will be lowered today through Thursday August 8. Melania and I are praying for all those impacted by this unspeakable act of evil!
Met a big fan today! 
.@CNN is so negative it is impossible to watch. Terrible panel angry haters. Bill O  @oreillyfactor said such an amazing thing about me!
The economy cannot take four more years of these same failed policies.#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
Another fantastic #MAGARally tonight in the Great State of Florida. In just 3 days the People of Florida are going to elect @ScottforFlorida and @RonDeSantisFL to protect your jobs defend your BORDERS and CONTINUE MAKING AMERICA  GREAT AGAIN!  
“These law enforcement people took the law into their own hands when it came to President Trump.” @LindseyGrahamSC
Can you imagine if @BarackObama had passed Cap and Trade?!  Energy costs would be double from already record highs.
The Democrats are allowing a ridiculous asylum system and major loopholes to remain as a mainstay of our immigration system. Mexico is likewise doing NOTHING a very bad combination for our Country. Homeland Security is being sooo very nice but not for long!
JFK Files are being carefully released. In the end there will be great transparency. It is my hope to get just about everything to public!
Also there are “No High Crimes &amp; Misdemeanors” No Collusion No Conspiracy No Obstruction. ALL THE CRIMES ARE ON THE OTHER SIDE and that’s what the Dems should be looking at but they won’t. Nevertheless the tables are turning!
“Diligence is the mother of good luck.”  - Benjamin Franklin
...really bad things. Nasty to people &amp; would constantly miss meetings &amp; work. When Gen. Kelly came on board he told me she was a loser &amp; nothing but problems. I told him to try working it out if possible because she only said GREAT things about me - until she got fired!
Great work being done by @FEMA @DHSgov w/state &amp; local leaders to prepare for hurricane season. Preparedness is an investment in our future! 
Follow @TrumpNH for all the updates on my New Hampshire political activities. Looking forward to returning to the Granite State on May 14!
Why is @RandPaul allowed to take advantage of the people of Kentucky by running for Senator and Pres. Why should Kentucky be back up plan?
Thank you keep up the great work! 
This memo totally vindicates “Trump” in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!
True! 
It is imperative that everyone follow local evacuation orders. This storm is extremely dangerous. Be SAFE! #HurricaneFlorence  
...Time will tell what will happen with North Korea but at the end of the previous administration relationship was horrendous and very bad things were about to happen. Now a whole different story. I look forward to seeing Kim Jong Un shortly. Progress being made-big difference!
The dummies left Iraq (and Libya) without the oil!
For those that naively ask why didn’t the Republicans get approval to build the Wall over the last year it is because IN THE SENATE WE NEED 10 DEMOCRAT VOTES and they will gives us “NONE” for Border Security! Now we have to do it the hard way with a Shutdown. Too bad! @FoxNews
DeFace the Nation will tell @LindseyGrahamSC that he must start up Judiciary and not stop until the job is done. Clean up D.C. now last chance! 
....Congratulations Kevin on a job well done! I will be announcing the new Acting Secretary next week. Many wonderful candidates!
Does anyone know that Crooked Hillary who tried so hard was unable to pass the Bar Exams in Washington D.C. She was forced to go elsewhere
The Democrats have been on this path for 3 years. The first headline I saw...before the President was sworn in was that the Impeachment process was beginning...so this is just further evidence that this is what they had in mind from the very beginning. @senatemajldr 
If someone made a nasty or controversial statement about me to the president do you really think he would come to my rescue? No chance!
Thank you to highly respected Jewish leader Dov Hikind for his wonderful statements about me this morning on @foxandfriends.
This is the Cruz voter violation certificate sent to everyone a misdemeanor at minimum. 
My successful acquisition of the Kluge estate was a fantastic deal which is already being studied in business schools.
Informing the Republican Senators of my nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh. #SCOTUS 
Jeb Bush George W and George H.W. all called to express their best wishes on the win. Very nice!
.....considered to be the worst and most dangerous addictive and deadly substance of them all. Last year over 77000 people died from Fentanyl. If China cracks down on this “horror drug” using the Death Penalty for distributors and pushers the results will be incredible!
#1. Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities and possibilities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
That was some episode last week-we've got a great cast!
I'll be on@SquawkCNBC tomorrow at 7:30 am #TrumpTuesday
#CrookedHillary #PayToPlay 
Would only join TPP if the deal were substantially better than the deal offered to Pres. Obama. We already have BILATERAL deals with six of the eleven nations in TPP and are working to make a deal with the biggest of those  nations Japan who has hit us hard on trade for years!
Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street. Media is protecting her!
Looking good. We MUST WIN to KEEP AMERICA GREAT! 
Spoke to the Prime Minister of Italy Giuseppe Conte mostly concerning Immigration Taxes Trade and the Economy of both of our countries. Very good call!
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing last night’s presidential debate my stock picks and tomorrow’s big announcement 
Joining @oreillyfactor from Waukesha Wisconsin - now live! Enjoy!
Politicians are trying to chip away at the 2nd Amendment. I won’t let them take away our guns! #Trump2016Watch: 
“Your money should be at work at all times. Even in the worst economy there is no excuse." - Think Like a Billionaire
People are anxiously awaiting my decision as to who the next head of the Fed will be....🎥
We must have Border Security get rid of Chain Lottery Catch &amp; Release Sanctuary Cities - go to Merit based Immigration. Protect ICE and Law Enforcement and of course keep building but much faster THE WALL!
Nancy Pelosi won’t put it up for a vote. Has delayed it for 6 months. See you in #2020! 
James Comey leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION to the media. That is so illegal!
Important meetings and calls scheduled for today. Military and economy are getting stronger by the day and our enemies know it. #MAGA
With a stupid guy like Jonah Goldberg who uses “tweeting like a 14 year old girl” to hit me no wonder the NRO is doing so poorly. @JonahNRO
Migrants at the Southern Border will not be allowed into the United States until their claims are individually approved in court. We only will allow those who come into our Country legally. Other than that our very strong policy is Catch and Detain. No “Releasing” into the U.S...
Something must be done with dopey @KarlRove - he is pushing Republicans down the same old path of defeat. Don't fall for it Karl is a loser
Eli Wallach was a great actor and a great guy. My opinion-- his performance in The Good the Bad and the Ugly was his all time best!
Thank you North Dakota. Together we are MAKING AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA 
The 5-star @Trump_Ireland graces over 500 acres fronting 2.5 miles on the Atlantic Ocean in County Clare Ireland 
Our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty violence and despair.
As usual the "storm of the century" was not nearly as bad as forecast. What a waste of time energy and money!
The deal with North Korea is very much in the making and will be if completed a very good one for the World. Time and place to be determined.
“Hillary Clinton and the DNC paid for information from the Russian government to use against her government - there’s no doubt about that!” @TuckerCarlson
“The IG found that James Comey leaked Classified Documents to his attorneys which can be (is) a violation of the Espionage Act. This is consistent with all the lies that Comey has been spreading. @GreggJarrett  @ByronYork @LouDobbs
We must stand firm against the UN's ploy to sabotage Israel---if the UN grants the PA statehood then we must immediately defund it.
Check out a picture of the custom made Trump Bike that Paul Teutul Sr. presented to me today in Trump Tower-- 
Realize that an entrepreneur's most important gift to the world is jobs security and well-being for others. - Midas Touch
....On Monday they shot down an unmanned drone flying in International Waters. We were cocked &amp; loaded to retaliate last night on 3 different sights when I asked how many will die. 150 people sir was the answer from a General. 10 minutes before the strike I stopped it not....
Congratulations to Republican Debbie Lesko on her big win in the Special Election for Arizona House seat. Debbie will do a Great Job! Press is so silent.
Legendary Illusionist v. Country Music Star.  This Sunday’s LIVE Finale of @ApprenticeNBC is a historic matchup.  MUST SEE TV!
When the achiever achieves it's not a plateau it’s a beginning. --Donald J. Trump 
Great support coming from all sides for Border Security (including Wall) on our very dangerous Southern Border. Teams negotiating this weekend! Washington Post and NBC reporting of events including Fake sources has been very inaccurate (to put it mildly)!
Remember if you don’t sell yourself no one else will. Make sure the public friends &amp; the business community hears about your success.
As usual the ObamaCare premiums will be up (the Dems own it) but we will Repeal &amp; Replace and have great Healthcare soon after Tax Cuts!
Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren't told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie or my supporters will go to yours!
.@Neilyoung- one of my favorite musicians- in my office. 
Can't wait for @VanityFair to fold which under Graydon Carter will be sooner rather than later.
Arizona is such a Great State but it needs Border Security which @MarthaMcSally will provide and Krysten Sinema doesn’t even think about. If it were up to Sinema - drugs crime and illegal traffic will be flowing into Arizona at an ever increasing pace. Vote for Martha!
Briarcliff  Manor should get a better town manager. Philip Zegarelli has no clue—bad roads a total puppet of the mayor?  @westchestergov
The 'brunt' of ObamaCare will be shouldered by folks making under $120K  
I will be interviewed by Steve Hilton tonight at 8:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
“They’re trying to turn what was a Biden scandal into a Trump scandal.” @PeterScheeizer The problem is “Trump” did nothing wrong!
....the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Labor to issue regulations that will provide flexibility so that in no way will Small Businesses be hurt. I encourage all Republicans and Democrats to come together and VOTE YES! I will always put....
....I would much rather focus on our Southern Border which abuts and is part of the United States of America. And by the way numbers are way down and the WALL is being built!
Every day our police officers race into darkened allies deserted streets &amp; onto the doorsteps of the most hardened criminals. They see the worst of humanity &amp; they respond with the best of the American Spirit. America’s LEOs have earned the everlasting gratitude of our Nation! 
China is so brazen that they now give us economic advice--they tell us  what to do---much like a strong stockh… (cont) 
30 DAYS TO SLOW THE SPREAD 
Today it was my great honor to welcome President Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa of Portugal to the @WhiteHouse!🇺🇸🇵🇹 
How quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary called African-American youth "SUPER PREDATORS" - Has she apologized?
Not only are wind farms disgusting looking but even worse they are bad for people's health  (cont) 
We are fighting hard for Merit Based immigration no more Democrat Lottery Systems. We must get MUCH tougher (and smarter).  @foxandfriends
Jeb’s policies in Florida helped lead to its almost total collapse. Right after he left he went to work for Lehman Brothers—wow!
A beautiful evening in Phoenix Arizona with Great American Patriots. THANK YOU! 
New report from DOJ &amp; DHS shows that nearly 3 in 4 individuals convicted of terrorism-related charges are foreign-born. We have submitted to Congress a list of resources and reforms....
Go with your gut. Take chances. If you think you have the ingredients that you need take chances because your biggest successes...,01-30-2013 21:43:15,448,250,false,296735349625987072Twitter Web Client,... will happen when you go against the tide; when you take a risk and it works. - Think Big
More of my #TRUMPTUESDAY @SquawkCNBC interview discussing how the US gets killed negotiating with other countries 
A simplified tax code will help promote growth in the private sector.
Big day of negotiations with China. They want to make a deal but do I? I meet with the Vice Premier tomorrow at The White House.
Space Force all the way!
Watch the 63rd Annual @MissUniverse Pageant tomorrow on NBC at 8PM! 
My @foxandfriends interview on risk  for @GOP on immigration wasting money in Middle East &amp; firing @OMAROSA  
Our NOBEL PRIZE FOR PEACE president said "I'm really good at killing people" according to just out book Double Down. Can Oslo retract prize?
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself thank you Poland!🇺🇸🇵🇱#ICYMI watch here➡️  #POTUSinPoland 
When you give a crazed crying lowlife a break and give her a job at the White House I guess it just didn’t work out. Good work by General Kelly for quickly firing that dog!
....Foundation be listed at the top of the Report? Will the scathing document written about Lyin’ James Comey by the man in charge of the case Rod Rosenstein (who also signed the FISA Warrant) be a big part of the Report? Isn’t Rod therefore totally conflicted? Will all of....
So Germany is paying Zero interest and is actually being paid to borrow money while the U.S. a far stronger and more important credit is paying interest and just stopped (I hope!) Quantitative Tightening. Strongest Dollar in History very tough on exports. No Inflation!.....
Looking forward to speaking at Saturday's @Citizens_United @AFPhq Freedom Summit in Manchester. Second visit to New Hampshire this year.
Can you believe it—the model who mysteriously disappeared from the ObamaCare website is not a US citizen—she’s from Colombia.
Thank you Dayton Ohio! 20000 supporters- largest in airport history! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
“Faster And Cheaper Trump Finishes NYC Ice Rink @TrumpRink”  Gov. can be efficient w/leadership &amp; business acumen.
While @BetteMidler is an extremely unattractive woman I refuse to say that because I always insist on being politically correct.
I am in Brussels but always thinking about our farmers. Soy beans fell 50% from 2012 to my election. Farmers have done poorly for 15 years. Other countries’ trade barriers and tariffs have been destroying their businesses. I will open...
At the request of the Governor of Texas I have signed the Disaster Proclamation which unleashes the full force of government help!
It was NEVER agreed that Robert Mueller could use one of his many Democrat Never Trumper lawyers to sit next to him and help him with his answers. This was specifically NOT agreed to and I would NEVER have agreed to it. The Greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. history by far!
....non-existent “sources” and a drunk/drugged up loser who hates Michael a fine person with a wonderful family. Michael is a businessman for his own account/lawyer who I have always liked &amp; respected. Most people will flip if the Government lets them out of trouble even if....
Thousands of US warplanes ships and missiles contain fake electronic components from China leaving them open (cont) 
On @FoxNews at 7:00 P.M. "Special: Meet the Trumps" Hope you enjoy!
There are so many blatant lies coming out of the ADMINISTRATION - healthcare spying NSA IRS brutally killed Americans -WILL IT EVER END?
In the 3 decades before my election NATO spending declined by two-thirds and only 3 other NATO members were meeting their financial obligations. Since I took office the number of NATO allies fulfilling their obligations more than DOUBLED and NATO spending increased by $130B!
Will be on @foxandfriends  tomorrow morning at 7:00.
.@rushlimbaugh played 3 separate audio bites (the most of anyone) of my CPAC speech. Hour 3 in Friday's show.
Vote for your favorite TRUMP HOTEL COLLECTION hotels in Travel + Leisure’s 2012 World’s Best Awards Survey 
Entrepreneurs are visionaries in some respects--they look beyond the present. Keep that in mind when looking for opportunities.
A government shutdown will be devastating to our military...something the Dems care very little about!
Don’t like @SamuelLJackson’s golf swing.  Not athletic. I’ve won many club championships. Play him for charity!
🇺🇸🇬🇧 
Be ready for problems. You’ll have them every day so keep things in perspective. Ask yourself: Is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?
The Tax Cuts are so large and so meaningful and yet the Fake News is working overtime to follow the lead of their friends the defeated Dems and only demean. This is truly a case where the results will speak for themselves starting very soon. Jobs Jobs Jobs!
Watching @FoxNews weekend anchors is worse than watching low ratings Fake News @CNN or Lyin’ Brian Williams (remember when he totally fabricated a War Story trying to make himself into a hero &amp; got fired. A very dishonest journalist!) and the crew of degenerate......
You cannot judge my Stock Market performance since the Inauguration which was very good but only from the day after the big Election Win which was spectacular due to the euphoria of getting Obama/Biden OUT &amp; getting Trump/Pence IN. WentI up BIG between Nov. 9 &amp; Inauguration!
Join me in congratulating @NASA's @AstroPeggy by using the hashtag #CongratsPeggy! Earlier today:… 
The Angry Majority!
Young entrepreneurs: Your success is measured by results. Be productive in the face of challenges. Setbacks are not fatal.
With proper Forest Management we can stop the devastation constantly going on in California. Get Smart!
The Do Nothing Radical Left Democrats have just announced that they are going to seek to Impeach me over NOTHING. They already gave up on the ridiculous Mueller “stuff” so now they hang their hats on two totally appropriate (perfect) phone calls with the Ukrainian President....
.@billmaher was so nervous talking about me on the @jayleno show—I’ve never seen him like that!
In today's #trumpvlog I talk about how well Will Smith handled the situation with the reporter- 
The animal who beheaded the woman in Oklahoma should be given a very fast trial and then the death penalty. The same fate - beheading?
.@CNN Kayleigh McEnany was great on you network today. You should have her  on more often! Thank you Kayleigh for your nice words.
Just returned from Europe. Trip was a great success for America. Hard work but big results!
Entrepreneurs keep this in mind:"Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds." -- Albert Einstein
We must repeal Obamacare and replace it with a much more competitive comprehensive affordable system. #debate #MAGA
Thank you America! Together we will all #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016 
Rush Limbaugh is a great guy who truly gets it!
Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Vancouver will include Vancouver’s first pool bar nightclub &amp; Trump Spa 
Join us in Sparks Nevada today! #NevadaCaucus #VoteTrumpNV 
Getting ready for the big news conference in Dubai. It should all be happening in the U.S. but it isn't - SAD!
This is no surprise. Constant phony reporting from failing @CNN turns everyone off. The American people get it! 
Hope you liked this! 
Pennsylvania - Don’t forget to get out and VOTE TODAY for Republican Fred Keller for Congress. Fred is Strong on Crime Second Amendment Military Vets and Healthcare. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
I told you in speeches months ago that Jeb and Marco do not like each other. Marco is too ambitious and very disloyal to Jeb as his mentor!
Spoke to U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in London. She is strong and doing very well.
... It is very effective and a commonly used business tool.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren sometimes referred to as Pocahontas pretended to be a Native American in order to advance her career. Very racist!
The Washington Post calls out #CrookedHillary for what she REALLY is. A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR! Watch that nose grow! 
The Electoral College is actually genius in that it brings all states including the smaller ones into play. Campaigning is much different!
....in the world there is nobody even close but unfortunately the same cannot be said about our Federal Reserve. They have called it wrong at every step of the way and we are still winning. Can you imagine what would happen if they actually called it right?
Heading now for Reno Nevada for a big rally. Good poll numberd all over!
Yes--I will be live tweeting during the final debate this coming Monday.
Obama will quarantine all soldiers returning from Africa for 21 days. But he still allows all who contract Ebola into country? Hypocrite.
Arnold Schwarzenegger isn't voluntarily leaving the Apprentice he was fired by his bad (pathetic) ratings not by me. Sad end to great show
“When the law enforcers turn out to be the law breakers then we have totally upended the rule of law. Nobody is safe and everybody is in trouble. Our system of government is under attack.”  @GovMikeHuckabee
Such an important day at the United Nations so much work and so much success and the Democrats purposely had to ruin and demean it with more breaking news Witch Hunt garbage. So bad for our Country!
When people come into our Country illegally we must IMMEDIATELY escort them back out without going through years of legal maneuvering. Our laws are the dumbest anywhere in the world. Republicans want Strong Borders and no Crime. Dems want Open Borders and are weak on Crime!
I had a great meeting with President Xi of China yesterday far better than expected. I agreed not to increase the already existing Tariffs that we charge China while we continue to negotiate. China has agreed that during the negotiation they will begin purchasing large.....
I always said Obama is lucky for himself but unlucky for the country. The storm could be very good for him as he (cont) 
Theresa @theresamay don’t focus on me focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom. We are doing just fine!
My @NewsRadio610 int. w/@JackHeathRadio discussing Nickey S. Loeb 1st Amendment Awards Dinner &amp; @SenScottBrown  
.@BillMoyers is a liberal hack whose career is being laid to rest @PBS.  Here Moyers coddles @JeremiahWright 
Thank you Pennsylvania! # 
Thanks. 
Remember Bill Maher praised the animals who took down the World Trade Center and was fired by ABC. DROP@HBO until dopey Bill is canned!
“Trump did nothing impeachable day-by-day review of all impeachment hearing testimony shows” @GreggJarrett 
Crooked Hillary is spending tremendous amounts of Wall Street money on false ads against me. She is a very dishonest person!
.@SteveScalise blew the nasty &amp; obnoxious Chris Wallace (will never be his father Mike!) away on Chris’s lowest rated (unless I’m on) morning show. This kind of dumb and unfair interview would never have happened in the @FoxNews past. Great job Steve!
Happy to announce I am nominating Alex Azar to be the next HHS Secretary. He will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices!
Can you imagine a Canadian company developing our website? Terrible way to put Americans back to work.
Via @HeraldWeekly by Lauren Odomirok: "Trump Norman play renovated golf course" 
...Spread shots out over long period and watch positive result.
One of the most obvious lessons on @ApprenticeNBC is for the candidates to learn to think quickly. - Think Like a Champion
Via @TheTodaysGolfer “Trump @TurnberryBuzz transformation on course” 

WOW - thank you Houston Texas! I am departing @Andrews_JBA now. See you in a few hours!! #MAGA🇺🇸 
One of the big problems facing Atlantic City are the ridiculously high real estate taxes which I fought for years before leaving.Corruption!
That was a great football game.
With autism being way up what do we have to lose by having doctors give small dose vaccines vs. big pump doses into those tiny bodies?
.....all Jews Blacks Gays everyone. And importantly he’s good for everyone in America who wants a job.” Wow!  @newsmax  @foxandfriends @OANN
Shifty Adam Schiff is a CORRUPT POLITICIAN and probably a very sick man. He has not paid the price yet for what he has done to our Country!
We must never bend too much. -- Yitzhak Shamir (1915-2012) 
Scott Perry of Pennsylvania is fantastic. He is strong on the Border Crime the Military our Vets and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Total Endorsement!
“One of the most disgraceful examples of an abuse of power by a government official…when you read this report…this is a systematic effort to go after Candidate Trump President Elect-Trump and President Trump....you could virtually call this an attempted coup." @RepPeteKing 
Via @dcexaminer by @rebeccagberg: “Trump: 'I'm the only one who can beat' Hillary”
For all of the “geniuses” out there many who have been in other administrations and “taken to the cleaners” by China that want me to get together with the EU and others to go after China Trade practices remember the EU &amp; all treat us VERY unfairly on Trade also. Will change!
THANK YOU WASHINGTON! #KAG2020 
Congratulations to Michelle and Barack Obama on their 20th anniversary.
CBS's FACE THE NATION - Posts Largest Audience Since 2001#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
It was my Great Honor to attend this mornings Welcome Ceremony for the 20th Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Mark Milley! 
Entrepreneurs: Knowledge requires patience action requires courage. Put patience and courage together and you'll be a winner .
Our country has the slowest growth since 1929. #BigLeagueTruth #debate
#WeeklyAddress🇺🇸 
The United States made some of the worst Trade Deals in world history.Why should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us?
China is ripping wealth out Africa and yet as usual refuses to put anything back to help with Ebola. "Let the stupid Americans do it!" SAD
Texas is heeling fast thanks to all of the great men &amp; women who have been working so hard. But still so much to do. Will be back tomorrow!
Remember I am self-funding my campaign the only one in either party. I'm not controlled by lobbyists or special interests-only the U.S.A.!
I hear @glennbeck is in big trouble. Unlike me his viewers &amp; ratings are way down &amp; he has become irrelevant—glad I didn’t do his show.
I was very surprised &amp; disappointed that Senator Joe Manchin of West Virginia voted against me on the Democrat’s totally partisan Impeachment Hoax. No President has done more for the great people of West Virginia than me (Pensions) and that will....
Report raises questions about ‘Clinton Cash’ from Russians during ‘reset' 
I never in my wildest dreams thought my name would in any way be associated with the ugly word Impeachment! The calls (Transcripts) were PERFECT there was NOTHING said that was wrong. No pressure on Ukraine. Great corruption &amp; dishonesty by Schiff on the other side!
“Being true to yourself and your work is an asset. Remember that assets are worth protecting.” – Think Like a Champion
....The reason for this is that the Do Nothing Democrats using disinformation Hoax number 7 don’t want Bernie Sanders to get the Democrat Nomination and they figure this would be very bad for his chances. It’s all rigged again against Crazy Bernie Sanders!

By @kwrcrow: “NY Post caught 'LYING' Again!”  "The Donald” should go far." Actually if I run I'll win.
V.P. Mike Pence and group had a productive meeting with the Schumer/Pelosi representatives today. Many details of Border Security were discussed. We are now planning a Steel Barrier rather than concrete. It is both stronger &amp; less obtrusive. Good solution and made in the U.S.A.
information! As long as President Trump is President his opposition will use every tool and misuse every tool available to make his life miserable.” @TomFitton @JudicialWatch @LouDobbs  Sadly this proves I am doing a great job - Also Best Economy and Employment Numbers EVER!
I wonder what the rest of the world is thinking about the United States as they watch the disgusting and out of control Baltimore riots?
Obama met with Chinese Premier Wen yesterday   and talked trade. The Chinese are robbing us blind--be tough!
There is only one person who should be crossing our southern border USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi. Boycott Mexico? #FreeOurMarine
Congratulations to Karen Handel on her big win in Georgia 6th. Fantastic job we are all very proud of you!
Millions of dollars being spent on false TV ads by special interest groups who own Rubio &amp; Cruz.When you see them think of your puppet POLS
The Democrats do not want us to detain or send back criminal aliens! This is a brand new demand. Crazy!
California has been forced to cancel the massive bullet train project after having spent and wasted many billions of dollars. They owe the Federal Government three and a half billion dollars. We want that money back now. Whole project is a “green” disaster!
As I have said the Tea Party is alive and well and fighting hard for the USA. BIG WIN TODAY!
Since the Obama Administration was told way before the 2016 Election that the Russians were meddling why no action? Focus on them not T!
Obama’s goal of 1 million electric car sales is a little off by over 910000   $100B of our money wasted!
“FBI Director apologizes for FISA Errors (of which there were far to many to be a coincidence!).” @FoxNews Chris what about all of the lives that were ruined because of the so-called “errors?” Are these “dirty cops” going to pay a big price for the fraud they committed?
Join me for my #WeeklyAddress🇺🇸 
“Trump Gives 'Em Hell”  via @limbaugh
“The record is quite remarkable. The President has faithfully followed the agenda he campaigned on in 2016. People should focus on the results and they’re extraordinary!”  James Freeman - Wall Street Journal
On 59th &amp; Park Avenue Trump Park Avenue transformed the legendary Hotel Delmonico into 120 luxury residences 
Somebody please explain to Cryin’ Chuck Schumer that we do have a military man in charge of distributing goods a very talented Admiral in fact. New York has gotten far more than any other State including hospitals &amp; a hospital ship but no matter what always complaining.....
Thank you Louisiana! #Trump2016 
Major article in New York Times today discusses the cost of environmental damage in China and how it is RAPIDLY GROWNG! Rest of World pays.
Thanks to ObamaCare’s device tax Boston Scientific plans to cut 1500 jobs  ObamaCare will kill ingenuity.
Joining @SeanHannity tonight at 9pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy! 
How can Hillary run the economy when she can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk?
Hillary Clinton wants to create the most liberal Supreme Court in history #debate #DrainTheSwamp 
...Why aren’t Mueller and the 17 Angry Democrats looking at the meetings concerning the Fake Dossier and all of the lying that went on in the FBI and DOJ? This is the most one sided Witch Hunt in the history of our country. Fortunately the facts are all coming out and fast!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:00 A.M. I know that there’s not much to talk about but we will try to keep the conversation going. Enjoy! @SteveDoocy @ainsleyearhardt @kilmeade
Negotiation is persuasion more than power. Be reasonable and flexible and never let anyone know exactly where you’re coming from.
Robert Mueller came to the Oval Office (along with other potential candidates) seeking to be named the Director of the FBI. He had already been in that position for 12 years I told him NO. The next day he was named Special Counsel - A total Conflict of Interest. NICE!
We must have Security at our VERY DANGEROUS SOUTHERN BORDER and we must have a great WALL to help protect us and to help stop the massive inflow of drugs pouring into our country!
.@antbaxter  I predict somebody is going to sue you!
So it was indeed (just proven in court papers) “last in his class” (Annapolis) John McCain that sent the Fake Dossier to the FBI and Media hoping to have it printed BEFORE the Election. He &amp; the Dems working together  failed (as usual). Even the Fake News refused this garbage!
Check it out - 2nd video on Lying Crooked Hillary is now online! Watch it here:  #CrookedHillary #Trump2016
Black politicians are in prison based on Shirley Huntley’s statements but not white @AGSchneiderman RACISM!  
“Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.” – Abraham Lincoln
Most of the MS-13 Gang members indicted &amp; arrested in L.A. were illegal aliens 19 of 22. They are said to have killed many people in the most brutal fashion. They should never have been allowed in our Country for so long 10 years. We have arrested and deported thousands....
Many people do not know what a great guy &amp; fantastic political talent the great Rush Limbaugh is. There is nobody like him. Looking for a speedy recovery for our friend! 
Strive for wholeness and keep your sense of wonder intact. --Donald J. Trump 
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something sometime in your life. -- Winston Churchill
So sad to see the Democrats sticking up for people who speak so badly of our Country and who in addition hate Israel with a true and unbridled passion. Whenever confronted they call their adversaries including Nancy Pelosi “RACIST.” Their disgusting language.....
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles on the Palos Verdes Peninsula overlooking the Pacific Ocean--spectacular!
“Discovery breeds discovery as in success breeds success. Questions are thoughts with a quest.” – Think Like a Champion
A new radical Islamic terrorist has just attacked in Louvre Museum in Paris. Tourists were locked down. France on edge again. GET SMART U.S.
Rick Perry did an absolutely horrible job of securing the border. He should be ashamed of himself. Gov. Abbott has since been terrific.
Adam Schiff now doesn’t seem to want the Whistleblower to testify. NO! Must testify to explain why he got my Ukraine conversation sooo wrong not even close. Did Schiff tell him to do that? We must determine the Whistleblower’s identity to determine WHY this was done to the USA..
Hear me on @kiss925toronto now!#rozandmocha
WE WILL ONLY BE THE LAND OF THE FREE AS LONG AS WE ARE HOME OF THE BRAVE!
Very exciting week for @TrumpDoral. I will be in Miami opening what will soon be best resort in U.S. World Golf Championship this week!
GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.! 
Via @SaintPetersblog by @MitchEPerry: “Shock poll: Donald Trump leads Jeb Bush 26-20% … in Florida” 
It's a plain fact: free trade requires having fair rules that apply to everyone.#TimeToGetTough
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
So last year 37000 Americans died from the common Flu. It averages between 27000 and 70000 per year. Nothing is shut down life &amp; the economy go on. At this moment there are 546 confirmed cases of CoronaVirus with 22 deaths. Think about that!
The Christmas Story begins 2000 years ago with a mother a father their baby son and the most extraordinary gift of all—the gift of God’s love for all of humanity.Whatever our beliefs we know that the birth of Jesus Christ and the story of his life... 
So disgraceful that a person illegally in our country killed @Colts linebacker Edwin Jackson. This is just one of many such preventable tragedies. We must get the Dems to get tough on the Border and with illegal immigration FAST!
Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted 33000 e-mails AFTER they were subpoenaed by the United States Congress. Guilty - cannot run. Rigged system!
Huffington Post is just upset that I said its purchase by AOL has been a disaster and that Arianna Huffington is ugly both inside and out!
“You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.” - Wayne Gretzky
WOW - THANK YOU TENNESSEE! 
Join me in Roanoke Virginia tomorrow at the Berglund Center- Coliseum ~ 6pm! Tickets available at:… 
Mitt Romney is right about the Chinese rip-off of America.
Wow! Does Eliot Spitzer have a girlfriend? This is getting exciting.
....great people of Montana will not stand for this kind of slander when talking of a great human being. Admiral Jackson is the kind of man that those in Montana would most respect and admire and now for no reason whatsoever his reputation has been shattered. Not fair Tester!
Entrepreneurs: You have to have passion. If you love your work success will follow.
We need much tougher much smarter leadership - and we need it NOW!
True. Thanks.  
.@janinegibson  
Watching the events unfolding in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. Law enforcement on the scene. People in Squirrel Hill area should remain sheltered. Looks like multiple fatalities. Beware of active shooter. God Bless All!
ObamaCare has cut workers’ pay by over $22B &amp; eliminated 350000+ small business jobs  Repeal before it's too late!
Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary? She is flying with him tomorrow. Who pays?
The movie will never be the same! (just kidding) 
James Holmes the Aurora Colorado guy who killed 12 people &amp; injured 58 others is fighting hard to avoid the death penalty...
Wow now leading in @ABC /@washingtonpost Poll 46 to 45. Gone up 12 points in two weeks mostly before the Crooked Hillary blow-up!
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary.  Let's Make America Great Again! 
Lance Armstrong is now being sued by Fed Govt-what was he thinkking?
Talks with China are going very well!
Very good news—the new Quinnipiac poll just came out—I am #1 in Iowa.
Three great men! 
It would be nice if our commander-in-chief was as concerned for our Veterans health as he is for illegal immigrants becoming citizens.
Via @WTCommunities: "Donald Trump to CPAC: Romney 'Didn't Talk Enough About Success'"   by @HuizingaDanny

Will be speaking to President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey this morning about bringing peace to the mess that I inherited in the Middle East. I will get it all done but what a mistake in lives and dollars (6 trillion) to be there in the first place!
We are stupidly paying Iran billions of dollars that we should not be paying. Why isn't this part of the nuclear negotiations? Really dumb!
Why is Washington ready to spend billions on care for illegals while our VA is still in shambles? Vets should be the priority.
....IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY! We went to war under a false &amp; now disproven premise WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION. There were NONE! Now we are slowly &amp; carefully bringing our great soldiers &amp; military home. Our focus is on the BIG PICTURE! THE USA IS GREATER THAN EVER BEFORE!
Watch the clip from my #C21 Super Bowl spot on @AccessHollywood tonight.
Governor @DougDucey of Arizona is doing a great job. Doug is strong on Crime the Border and our Second Amendment. Loves our Military &amp; our Vets. Vote for Doug he has my full and Complete Endorsement!
With gas prices rising and the economy failing  @BarackObama seeks to have his EPA raise energy prices by $109B  
I was on The View this morning. We talked about The Apprentice. Tonight's episode is a great one--tough exciting and surprising. 10 pm/NBC
Next year will be an interesting one. I look forward to running against Hillary Clinton a totally flawed candidate and beating her soundly
Wow reviews are in - THANK YOU!
GET READY!! The #TrumpFerryPoint tee sheet opens TODAY @ 10am EST on our website for April 1st-30th! @TrumpFerryPoint
Wow! CNN Ratings are WAY DOWN record lows. People are getting tired of so many Fake Stories and Anti-Trump lies. Chris Cuomo was rewarded for lowest morning ratings with a prime time spot - which is failing badly and not helping the dumbest man on television Don Lemon!
.@NWS and @USACEHQ are monitoring the damaging storms and flooding in Oklahoma. Listen to the warnings of your local officials and stay safe. We are with you!
Join me in Columbus Ohio tomorrow!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #
Congratulations to @JasonDufner on winning the PGA championship. Great job!
Liberal SD Dem candidate Rick Weiland wants to expand ObamaCare to single payer &amp; opposes Ebola travel ban. Send @RoundsforSenate to Senate!
Beto (phony name to indicate Hispanic heritage) O’Rourke who is embarrassed by my last visit to the Great State of Texas where I trounced him and is now even more embarrassed by polling at 1% in the Democrat Primary should respect the victims &amp; law enforcement - &amp; be quiet!
THANK YOU WEST VIRGINIA!  
Phil Mickelson’s final 66 round in @The_Open was amazing. Congrats on his well-deserved win. Amazing competitor &amp; a great guy!
Trump Nat’l Jupiter’s @jacknicklaus designed course is a challenging &amp; innovative 7531 yds w/special features 
Congratulations to @DavidWright of the #Mets. What a great season he is having--batting over 400 and clutch hitting. Also a fantastic guy.

Despite the long delays by the Democrats in finally approving Dr. Tom Price the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare is moving fast!
Our Federal Reserve cannot “mentally” keep up with the competition - other countries. At the G-7 in France all of the other Leaders were giddy about how low their Interest Costs have gone. Germany is actually “getting paid” to borrow money - ZERO INTEREST PLUS! No Clue Fed!
Thank you so much Franklin! 
Departing for #GOPDebate. Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  
“Trump’s Triumphs are driving his critics Crazy!” Thank you Steve Hilton @NextRevFNC just want to do what is right for our wonderful U.S.A.
...handled. I told @theresa_may how to do that deal but she went her own foolish way-was unable to get it done. A disaster! I don’t know the Ambassador but have been told he is a pompous fool. Tell him the USA now has the best Economy &amp; Military  anywhere in the World by far...
Who else could take 16 vacations play over 100 rounds of golf and hold over 300 fundraisers while serving as (cont) 
.@ByronYork: “How bad does border have to be for Democrats to admit it's an emergency?” 
If the people of Massachusetts found out what an ineffective Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren has been she would lose!
We have had many Championship teams recently at the White House including the Chicago Cubs Houston Astros Pittsburgh Penguins New England Patriots Alabama and Clemson National Champions and many others. National Anthem &amp; more great music today at 3:00 P.M.
The hardest thing Clinton has to do is defend her bad decision making including Iraq vote e-mails etc.
Thank you Columbus Ohio! I will be back soon. #ImWithYou #MAGA 
President Obama you are a complete and total disaster but you have a chance to do something great and important: STOP THE FLIGHTS!
Looking forward to being guest of honor at @ralphreed's @FFCoalition Patriot Gala Dinner on June 14th in DC. Flag day and my birthday.
Without a Wall our Country can never have Border or National Security. With a powerful Wall or Steel Barrier Crime Rates (and Drugs) will go substantially down all over the U.S. The Dems know this but want to play political games. Must finally be done correctly. No Cave!
Biden's sarcastic smiling may or may not be effective depending on who is watching. #VPDebate
Democrats purposely misstated Medicaid under new Senate bill - actually goes up. 
Reporters say it's the Trump Bump---I tell CNBC I am buying stocks--- and the market goes up.
....New York businesses in search of anything at all they can find to make me look as bad as possible. So on top of ridiculously high taxes my children and companies are spending a fortune on lawyers. No wonder people and businesses are fleeing New York in record numbers!
Beautiful afternoon in Elko Nevada. Thank you! Get out and VOTE TODAY!! #MAGA🇺🇸#JobsNotMobs  
Want access to Crooked Hillary? Don't forget - it's going to cost you!#DrainTheSwamp #PayToPlay 
Will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow this morning at 7:00. Talking about politics polls and whatever. Enjoy!
New York Times Apologizes to Donald TrumpA recent story in the New York Times incorrectly stated that Donald (cont) 
Don't believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight Rubio and the R establishment. Dishonest people!
Via @DMRegister BY @JenniferJJacobs: “@SteveKingIA ramps up with first TV ad Trump event” 
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. See yourself as victorious and leading a winning team. Keep everyone moving forward.
#MadeInAmerica🇺🇸📸 
20000📈21000📈22000📈 23000📈this year...FOUR one thousand milestones this year... #Dow23K #MAGA 
I will be going to Asheville North Carolina tonight for the 95th birthday party of the GREAT Billy Graham - such a wonderful man!
Looking forward to speaking at tonight's gala for @MittRomney supporters at the Intrepid. Mitt's doing well.
Mexico is doing NOTHING to stop the Caravan which is now fully formed and heading to the United States. We stopped the last two - many are still in Mexico but can’t get through our Wall but it takes a lot of Border Agents if there is no Wall. Not easy!
Policy towards our enemies: Hit them hard hit them fast hit them often &amp; then tell them it was because they are the enemy!
A big day for New York and for our COUNTRY! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Polls have now turned very strongly against Impeachment especially in swing states. 75% to 25%. Thank you!
The U.S. has gained more than 5.2 trillion dollars in Stock Market Value since Election Day! Also record business enthusiasm.
Thank you West Virginia!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our @FLOTUS Melania!  
Life is very fragile and success doesn't change that. If anything success makes it more fragile. Anything can (cont)  17:42:03,159,42,false,187233515753054208Twitter Web Client,My #TrumpTuesday @SquawkCNBC interview discussing golf VP choices the real estate market & healthcare reform  17:24:49,13,6,false,187229181044723712TwitLonger Beta,When people treat me badly or unfairly or try to take advantage of me my general attitude all my life has (cont) 
“You can always become better.” - @TigerWoods
PM Abe and I are also working to improve the trading relationship between the U.S. and Japan something we have to do. The U.S. seeks a bilateral deal with Japan that is based on the principle of fairness and reciprocity. We’re working hard to reduce our trade imbalance... 
The banks were bailed out by us. They should start lending to private entrepreneurs. The banks are slowing American growth.
Really sad that Republicans would allow themselves to be used in a Clinton ad. Lindsey Graham Romney Flake Sass. SUPREME COURT REMEMBER!
Karen Handle's opponent in #GA06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent....
Do not settle for remaining in your comfort zone. Being complacent is a good way to get nowhere. Get your momentum going and keep it going.
Now the Chinese are planning a war game w/ the IraniansSyrians &amp; Russians along Syrian coast.  Laughing at @BarackObama
State Senator Shirley Huntley "ratted" on black politicians &amp; was believed--when she ratted on @AGSchneiderman nobody listened. Racism!
Wow - they are really killing Jay Leno - let him go out with dignity!
Sorry won't be doing Fox &amp; Friends this morning - will be in India on a couple of major business deals!
.@pennjillette and @dennisrodman as PM’s- I’m proud of Dennis and his performance this season. #CelebApprentice
For all of my many Jewish friends Happy Passover.
.@CNN is looking at Jeff Zucker to lead them out of the forest--Jeff would be a great choice.
Bay Bridge in California made in China for $1.8 billion. $300 million in cost overruns. Are we stupid?
If the press can report stories from @MittRomney's dorm years then why can't it find @BarackObama's college and law school transcripts?
Remember oftentimes the best deal you make is the deal you don't make!
Interesting article from highly respected Wayne Allyn Root 
Congratulations to Brandy as our new Apprentice and to Clint for being a great player. It's been a terrific season!
My Administration Governor @RicardoRossello and many others are working together to help the people of Puerto Rico in every way...
I am happy to donate $5 million to a charity Barack Obama chooses.  All I am asking is that he is transparent with the American people
Big!!! 
Thank you to @FEMA and all First Responders! #HurricaneMichael 
Hillary’s 33000 deleted emails about her daughter’s wedding. That’s a lot of wedding emails. #debate
Thank you for soooo many nice comments regarding my Oval Office speech. A very interesting experience!
The House of Representatives seeks contempt citations(?) against the JusticeDepartment and the FBI for withholding key documents and an FBI witness which could shed light on surveillance of associates of Donald Trump. Big stuff. Deep State. Give this information NOW! @FoxNews
The U.S. has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders. How nice but what do we get? NOT ENOUGH
I don’t know who Joaquin Castro is other than the lesser brother of a failed presidential candidate (1%) who makes a fool of himself every time he opens his mouth. Joaquin is not the man that his brother is but his brother according to most is not much. Keep fighting Joaquin!
My @FoxNews interview with @gretawire discussing how @BarackObama is delusional and how a 3rd party candidate can win. 
Our very weak and ineffective leader Paul Ryan had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty.
Mattis Says Trump’s Warning Stopped Chemical Weapons Attack In Syria 
Today I  announced another historic breakthrough for the VA. We are working tirelessly to keep our promises to our GREAT VETERANS! #USA 
Secretary Kerry cannot get other nations to join us in fighting ISIS. They are afraid and he is a poor salesman who reps a pathetic leader!
The girlfriend of Lubitz the  wacko co-pilot who took down the plane knew he was insane and should have reported him. Put her through hell
The wimps that run Penn State should be forced to resign (and be sued) for the pathetic settlement they made and destruction of great legacy
Thank you @TedCruz I couldn’t agree more! 
Our amazing golf course @TrumpScotland 
Mississippi Vote for @cindyhydesmith on Tuesday. Respected by all. We need her in Washington!. Thanks!
My meetings with President Xi Jinping were very productive on both trade and the subject of North Korea. He is a highly respected and powerful representative of his people. It was great being with him and Madame Peng Liyuan!
Without passion you don't have energy and without energy you don't have anything!
“What the mind can conceive and believe and the heart desire you can achieve.” -  Norman Vincent Peale
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in Colorado!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #LESM 
I will be representing our Country in London at NATO while the Democrats are holding the most ridiculous Impeachment hearings in history. Read the Transcripts NOTHING was done or said wrong! The Radical Left is undercutting our Country. Hearings scheduled on same dates as NATO!
The @CNN panels are so one sided almost all against Trump. @FoxNews is so much better and the ratings are much higher. Don't watch CNN!
Senator Feinstein and the Democrats  held the letter for months only to release it with a bang after the hearings were OVER - done very purposefully to Obstruct &amp; Resist &amp; Delay. Let her testify or not and TAKE THE VOTE!
Looking forward to hosting the @FloridaGOP “House Majority 2014 Golf Tournament” at Trump Int'l West Palm Beach on Jan. 27th.
So now they are after the legendary “crime buster” and greatest Mayor in the history of NYC Rudy Giuliani. He may seem a little rough around the edges sometimes but he is also a great guy and wonderful lawyer. Such a one sided Witch Hunt going on in USA. Deep State. Shameful!
Was not mentioned that we built one of the great golf courses in the world- bringing tremendous business to Scotland. 
Behind the scenes video with “Uncle Sam” (eagle’s name) and me.
Can't believe these totally phoney stories 100% made up by women (many already proven false) and pushed big time by press have impact!
Entrepreneurs:  Use your imagination. Use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you.
Remember while @BarackObama is lauding himself tonight with self-indulgent compliments we have our brave soldiers fighting in Afghanistan.
So Obama used to tell classmates that he was Kenyan royalty and an Indonesian prince   Sounds like his book bio!
The Trump Haters and Angry Democrats who wrote the Mueller Report were devastated by the No Collusion finding! Nothing but a total “hit job” which should never have been allowed to start in the first place!
Beijing had a bigger celebration than Chicago last night.  The Chinese are happier with the election than we are.
....them richer. Their network is highly overrated I have beaten them at every turn. They want to protect their companies outside the U.S. from being taxed I’m for America First &amp; the American Worker - a puppet for no one. Two nice guys with bad ideas. Make America Great Again!
“Set the example and you’ll be a magnet for the right people. That’s the best way to work with people you like.” – Think Like a Champion
Rick Perry is a good guy who had a really tough evening.  @RickPerry
#TrumpVlog Quarantine the nurse! 
.@DavidAsmanfox  “How do the Democrats respond to this? Think of how his position with Republicans improves-all the candidates who won tonight. They realize how important he is because of what he did in campaigning for them. They owe him their political career.” Thanks I agree!
...well into our 4th week of shooting the record 13th season of @CelebApprentice. The 'All Stars' are hard at work...
I look forward to @MittRomney hitting Obama hard tonight for lying about Benghazi. CIA told Obama it was a terrorist attack after 24 hrs.
General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax!
The Ted Cruz wiseguy apology to the people of New York is a disgrace. Remember his wife's employer and his lender is located there!
Death spiral!'Aetna will exit Obamacare markets in VA in 2018 citing expected losses on INDV plans this year'
The Queen of Soul Aretha Franklin is dead. She was a great woman with a wonderful gift from God her voice. She will be missed!
When I made the Apprentice the #1 show in the US that was a good day for you...
Outrageous--@BarackObama is trying to unilaterally gut welfare reform   He doesn't believe in a strong work ethic.
I hope @billmaher comes through with his $5 million offer which I fully accepted or I will be forced to sue him. All goes to charity!
BarackObama set a record deficit last February - $229 billion while borrowing 42 cents of every dollar it spent. @BarackObama is reckless.
I'm having a real hard time watching the Academy Awards (so far). The last song was terrible! Kim should sue her plastic surgeon! #Oscars
Totally biased @NBCNews went out of its way to say that the big announcement from Ford G.M. Lockheed &amp; others that jobs are coming back...
What a waste of time being interviewed by @andersoncooper when he puts on really stupid talking heads likeTim O'Brien-dumb guy with no clue!
It is time to send someone from the outside to fix DC from the inside. Let’s Make America Great Again! 
.....The Fed Rate over a fairly short period of time should be reduced by at least 100 basis points with perhaps some quantitative easing as well. If that happened our Economy would be even better and the World Economy would be greatly and quickly enhanced-good for everyone!
“Andrew McCabe gave absolutely no evidence of any threat to substantiate his ABSURD claim.” @LouDobbs
Donald Trump promises 'world-class' Crandon Park golf course  via @WPLGLocal10 by @GlennaOn10
People are coming from far and wide to join us today and tonight for what is turning out to be one of the biggest celebrations in the history of our Country SALUTE TO AMERICA an all day event at the Lincoln Memorial culminating with large scale flyovers of the most modern.....
THANK YOU OKLAHOMA! #KAG2020 
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!   …
Republican Senate must get rid of 60 vote NOW! It is killing the R Party allows 8 Dems to control country. 200 Bills sit in Senate. A JOKE!
The Trump Economy is setting records and has a long way up to go....However if anyone but me takes over in 2020 (I know the competition very well) there will be a Market Crash the likes of which has not been seen before! KEEP AMERICA GREAT
Why do the Republicans keep apologizing on the so called "birther" issue? No more apologies--take the offensive!
Majority of people say “the U.S. Senate already has enough information!” @FoxNews
....you would get it by building or even buying. You always wanted to show losses for tax purposes....almost all real estate developers did - and often re-negotiate with banks it was sport. Additionally the very old information put out is a highly inaccurate Fake News hit job!
.@realDonaldTrump will PROTECT and DEFEND the Constitution #Debate #BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
He's back! @THEGaryBusey returns to cause even more trouble in the13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice.
At the National Achievers Congress in London this October I'm going to talk about success and how to avoid failure  
The 2013 @NJPGA Course of the Year Trump Nat’l Bedminster is honored to be hosting the 2022 @PGAChampionship 
- More hysterical DSRL videos featuring Donald Trump and "Double Trump" plus enter Golden Lick Race Sweepstakes: 
The Emmys are sooooo boring!  Terrible show. I'm going to watch football! I already know the winners. Good night.
Thank you Jonathan and great job! 
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.  -- Mark Twain
Wow—Golf Magazine just named Trump Scotland “best new course.”
Our high level delegation is on the way back from China where they had long meetings with Chinese leaders and business representatives. We will be meeting tomorrow to determine the results but it is hard for China in that they have become very spoiled with U.S. trade wins!
On behalf of the American people WELCOME HOME! 
Gave an OFF THE RECORD luncheon somewhat of a White House tradition or custom to network anchors yesterday - and they quickly leaked the contents of the meeting. Who would believe how bad it has gotten with the mainstream media which has gone totally bonkers!
....have the discretion to end the program that President Obama began in his discretion. That program was unlawful to begin with. I think it’s very unlikely that the SCOTUS is going to issue an order reinstating what it believes is an unlawful program. DACA Is unlawful.” .....
Via @washingtonpost:"Donald Trump will speak at CPAC"by @rachelweinerwp  @CPACnews @AlCardenasACU @RGreggKeller
Despite what the haters and losers like to say I never filed for bankruptcy but WOW the preeminent gaming company Caesars just did.
.@MikeAndMike   I will be on the Mike &amp; Mike Show at 7.05 a.m. (ESPN) - 10 minutes. Will be fun great guys! Radio and T.V.
“The Washington Post’s Lost Summer” 
Troy Balderson of Ohio is running for Congress against a Nancy Pelosi Liberal who is WEAK on Crime &amp; Borders. Troy is the total opposite and loves our Military Vets &amp; 2nd Amendment. EARLY VOTING just started with Election Day on August 7th. Troy has my Full &amp; Total Endorsement!
....to pay. Open area immediately for medical help and verification. Another humanitarian disaster for no reason whatsoever. SICK!
Remember Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional Races this year. The media refuses to mention this. I said Gillespie and Moore would lose (for very different reasons) and they did. I also predicted  “I” would win. Republicans will do well in 2018 very well! @foxandfriends
Amazon Calls 'Profiles in Corruption' the 'Most Anticipated' Nonfiction Book  via @BreitbartNews
.@cher--I don’t wear a “rug”—it’s mine. And I promise not to talk about your massive plastic surgeries that didn’t work.
Will be working all weekend in choosing the great men and women who will be helping to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Welcome to the new reality. 23116928 US households on food stamps  Obama's Hope &amp; Change.
Many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful Trump supporters in San Jose were illegals. They burned the American flag and laughed at police
A number of months ago I was not expected to win South CarolinaTed Cruz was and yet I won in a landslide - every group and category. WIN!
Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren singlehandedly destroyed the Bernie Sanders campaign by stripping voters away from his count on Super T. He lost states that he easily would have won if she had dropped out 3 days earlier. The DNC is doing it to Bernie again! Will he ever get angry?
We will be doing a major Counter Report to the Mueller Report. This should never again be allowed to happen to a future President of the United States!
I will be having a news conference today to discuss very important news from the FDA concerning the Chinese Virus!
released by "Intelligence" even knowing there is no proof and never will be. My people will have a full report on hacking within 90 days!
They spied on my campaign! 
Lightweight Marco Rubio was working hard last night. The problem is he is a choker and once a choker always a choker! Mr. Meltdown.
“45 year low in illegal immigration this year.” @foxandfriends
My thoughts on The O'Reilly Factor and more here... 
Mexico whose laws on immigration are very tough must stop people from going through Mexico and into the U.S. We may make this a condition of the new NAFTA Agreement. Our Country cannot accept what is happening! Also we must get Wall funding fast.
He @RickSantorum is now losing in the latest @ppppolls to @MittRomney in Pennsylvania  Rick is wasting everyone's time.
.@reince is doing a fantastic job for the Republican Party--hope he gets the credit he deserves.
The Democrats new and pathetically untrue sound bite is that we are in a “Constitutional Crisis.” They and their partner the Fake News Media are all told to say this as loud and as often as possible. They are a sad JOKE! We may have the strongest Economy in our history best...
“If you like your healthcare plan you can keep it.” = “I was born in Hawaii.”
Good teamwork between Republicans &amp; Democrats as the House passes the big CoronaVirus Relief Bill. People really pulled together. Nice to see!
....in the world. I want clean air and clean water and have been making great strides in improving America’s environment. But American taxpayers – and American workers – shouldn’t pay to clean up others countries’ pollution.
I want to thank Secretary of Energy Rick Perry for the outstanding job he has done. He will be leaving at the end of the year to pursue other interests. Rick was a great Governor of Texas and a great Secretary of Energy....
Belated congratulations to @serenawilliams on winning the French Open. A great player &amp; person!
Great honor to be inducted into the NJ Boxing Hall of Fame last night. Thank you! Timing could not have been better! 
We can’t even stop the Norks from blasting a missile.  China is laughing at us.  It is really sad.
Has everyone forgotten our marine who now sits in a Mexican prison because we have a president too incompetent or too lazy to make a call?
Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Nevertheless Germany owes.....
What good is NATO if Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for gas and energy? Why are their only 5 out of 29 countries that have met their commitment? The U.S. is paying for Europe’s protection then loses billions on Trade. Must pay 2% of GDP IMMEDIATELY not by 2025.
REST IN PEACE BILLY GRAHAM! 
Big win in the House - very exciting! But when everything comes together with the inclusion of Phase 2 we will have truly great healthcare!
“Trump hails liberation of Raqqa as critical breakthrough in anti-ISIS campaign” 
Today it was my great honor to thank and welcome heroic crew members and passengers of Southwest Airlines Flight 1380 at the @WhiteHouse! 
Tonight it was my honor and privilege to nominate Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court. #SCOTUS 
No more Clintons or Bushes! 
Trump Miss Universe simulcast on @nbc and @Telemundo on December 19th will once again deliver an entertaining and ‘beautiful’ show!
“Hope and Change in an Alabama Coal Mine” 
.@Chrysler disputes my statement--but watch Chrysler move @Jeep jobs to China after the election.
.@donlemon on @CNN at 10:00 P.M.
.@TrumpDoral will be featured on @GolfChannel this morning (now).
Tremendous backlash against the NFL and its players for disrespect of our Country.#StandForOurAnthem🇺🇸
To the men who sit behind me and to the boys who rest in the field before me: your example will never grow old. Your legend will never tire and your spirit - brave unyielding and true - will NEVER DIE! #DDay75thAnniversary 
“I have been in office for many years the Military is very important to me and at no time in my professional life has the U.S. Military been as strong as it is right now.” Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC
Thx Mark--I appreciate your words about the school. You sound like you're doing well--happy for you. @businessinsider 
....If we bought 15 Billion Dollars of Agriculture from our Farmers far more than China buys now we would have more than 85 Billion Dollars left over for new Infrastructure Healthcare or anything else. China would greatly slow down and we would automatically speed up!
Wonderful coordination between Federal State and Local Governments in the Great State of Texas - TEAMWORK! Record setting rainfall.
Just watched Hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror. She’s been in office fighting terror for 20 years- and look where we are!
Happy #NationalFarmersDay! With the recent #USMCA our GREAT FARMERS will do better than ever before!! 
Senator @lisamurkowski of the Great State of Alaska really let the Republicans and our country down yesterday. Too bad!
Via @RealClearNews by @rebeccagberg: “Is the White House Big Enough for Donald Trump?”  
It's Tuesday. I wonder how much money @HuffPost lost today--great purchase AOL
The Clinton News Network sometimes referred to as @CNN is getting more and more biased.They act so indignant-hear them behind closed doors
“The vast majority felt she should be prosecuted..." -- even senior FBI officials thought Crooked was guilty. 
Join me at 7:00 P.M. on Tuesday August 22nd in Phoenix Arizona at the Phoenix Convention Center! Tickets at:  

....know the correct facts. Is he on our Country’s side. Where does he come from. Is this all about Schiff &amp; the Democrats again after years of being wrong?
The U.S. cannot allow EBOLA infected people back. People that go to far away places to help out are great-but must suffer the consequences!
The large and violent French protests don’t take into account how badly the United States has been treated on Trade by the European Union or on fair and reasonable payments for our GREAT military protection. Both of these topics must be remedied soon.
ALWAYS TRY TO LEARN FROM OTHER PEOPLES MISTAKES NOT YOUR OWN - IT IS MUCH CHEAPER THAT WAY!
The new winter menu @SixteenChicago @TrumpChicago explores the evolution of fine dining - @RobbReport 
Sissy Graydon Carter of failing Vanity Fair Magazine and owner of bad food restaurants has a problem-his V.F. Oscar party is no longer "hot"
When you can't say it - or see it -- you can't fix it. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
2 million more people just dropped out of ObamaCare. It is in a death spiral. Obstructionist Democrats gave up have no answer = resist!
Will be meeting with representatives of the Vaping industry together with medical professionals and individual state representatives to come up with an acceptable solution to the Vaping and E-cigarette dilemma. Children’s health &amp; safety together with jobs will be a focus!
The Arab Spring has turned into the Islamist Winter.  Our ally @Israel is in a perilous position.  We must stand behind @Israel.
I hate @USAToday's redesign--the logo is terrible. Lightweight Al Neuharth must've had something to do with this No wonder paper is failing.
Our law enforcement officers deserve our appreciation for the incredible job they do. Video:  
In a little reported event China has just overtaken the United States as the NUMBER ONE World economic power! Great going Washington!
Looks like @bwilliams is having some problems with his Rock Center with Brian Williams show--I hate to see such bad ratings for @NBC.
Thank you Andrew - We all miss beautiful Meadow! 
Wow! FBI made 11 payments to Fake Dossier’s discredited author Trump hater Christopher Steele. @OANN  @JudicialWatch  The Witch Hunt has been a total fraud on your President and the American people! It was brought to you by Dirty Cops Crooked Hillary and the DNC.
My twitter account is now reaching more people than the New York Times--not bad. And we're only going to get better!
Buy American &amp; hire American are the principles at the core of my agenda which is: JOBS JOBS JOBS! Thank you @exxonmobil.
Your questions about my desk answered in today's #trumpvlog... 
Happy 4th of July! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst  
Thank you OHIO! # 
....of the correction which they knew about full well! “Fox News Pollster Braun Research Misrepresented Impeachment Poll: Analysis” @NYPost
Make sure to enjoy your time with your family during the holiday. It is a special time. Love and appreciate your family.
Democrats in the Great State of Nevada (Which because of the Economy Jobs the Military &amp; Vets I will win in November) be careful of Russia Russia Russia. According to Corrupt politician Adam “Shifty” Schiff they are pushing for Crazy Bernie Sanders to win. Vote!
Lightweight Attorney General Eric Schneiderman will be next to lose. He goes after a school with a 98% approval ratingleaves biggies alone
Outrageous--@BarackObama is suing to suppress the military vote in Ohio  Our Commander in Chief should be ashamed.
Great golf champion &amp; friend Ernie Els (@TheBig_Easy) has done a tremendous job in assisting those w/ Autism through his Els for Autism Fdn focusing on Education Research Global Outreach Recreation Services Therapy Services &amp; Adult Services. #NationalAutismAwarenessMonth
Great interview of Sarah Sanders by @foxandfriends. She is a terrific person with a great future!
Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana a true friend and patriot was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him.
...Hopefully the Senate will not leave Washington until our Ambassadors Judges and the people who make Washington work are approved. The Democrats are Obstructing the process and we need these people approved for the good of our Country!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 
Our country is totally split right now but someday it will come together!
Obama better than last time but again @MittRomney wins. Good night. #debate
Congratulations to the Great State of Tennessee. You’ve got yourselves a fantastic football team. Big WIN last night!
Weak newscasters are asking "is there a racial component to knockout attacks?" Of course there is and weakness will only make it worse!
Success tip:  Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities &amp; possibilities &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
“Anonymous Sources are really starting to BURN the media.” @FoxNews The fact is that many anonymous sources don’t even exist. They are fiction made up by the Fake News reporters. Look at the lie that Fake CNN is now in. They got caught red handed! Enemy of the People!
Should have gone after the oil years ago (like I have been saying).
President Obama should stay out of the Hong Kong protests we have enough problems in our own country!Can't even properly police White House
“President Trump with smart policies has done more to help the Black community than any President in the modern era.” @IngrahamAngle @FoxNews
Big win in Montana for Republicans! We
Thank you #NATO2018! 
ISIS gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clinton's term as Secretary of State. When will the dishonest media report the facts!
They are taking the nomination away from Bernie for a second time. Rigged!
Join us via our new #AmericaFirst APP! #TrumpPence16  
Thanks to everyone for your kind birthday wishes -- very nice!
.@TrumpNewYork on CPW in NYC is the home of the globe that has become an icon in the city. #CelebApprentice
Vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania have moved to Mexico and other countries. That will end when I win!
.@Erik_Paulsen @Jason2CD @JimHagedornMN and @PeteStauber love our Country and the Great State of Minnesota. They are winners and always get the job done. We need them all in Congress for #MAGA. Border Military Vets 2nd A. Go Vote Minnesota. They have my Strong Endorsement!
From 2% to 27% in Texas - quite a jump into first place!
Robert Pattinson should not take back Kristen Stewart. She cheated on him like a dog &amp; will do it again--just watch. He can do much better!
If you never want to be criticized for goodness' sake don't do anything new. -- Jeff Bezos
WSJ covers Ride of Fame 
In my book @Joan_Rivers had a lousy doctor shoving a camera down her throat at her age. Something went really wrong that should not have!
#DDay75thAnniversary #DDay75 
“I always follow my own instincts but I am not going to kid you: it’s also nice to get good reviews.” - The Art of the Deal
70 Record Closes for the Dow so far this year! We have NEVER had 70 Dow Records in a one year period. Wow!
Credibility is important to me- hence must admit that both candidates did really well last night. #VPDebate
The people on the stage tonight and last were not those that will either Make America Great Again or Keep America Great! Our Country now is breaking records in almost every category from Stock Market to Military to Unemployment. We have prosperity &amp; success like never before..
.@chelseahandler--stop calling my office for me to do your rather "gross" show--I have less interest in you than Andre.
Great day in the incredible Commonwealth of Pennsylvania today with the amazing energy workers construction workers and craft workers who make America run – and who make America PROUD. No one in the world does it better than YOU! 
Why are Democrats fighting massive tax cuts for the middle class and business (jobs)? The reason: Obstruction and Delay!
The only thing that I have done wrong is to win an election that was expected to be won by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. The problem is they forgot to campaign in numerous states!
No Collusion - No Obstruction! 
I will not be commenting on boardroom specifics- would be unfair to the different time zones. #CelebApprentice
Mike Bloomberg is doing a great job as Mayor of New York City. Ray Kelly is a great Police Commissioner. @MikeBloomberg
The Washington Post Story about my speech in North Carolina and tweet with its phony sources who do not exist is Fake News. The only thing people were talking about is the record setting crowd and the tremendous enthusiasm far greater than the Democrats. You’ll see in 2020!
.@Andre_Reed83  Thanks for your nice words. You are a real champion. I’m pushing!

It was great being with Governor Henry McMaster last night in South Carolina. Henry is tough on Crime and Borders loves our Military and our Vets and has created many jobs and a great economy. GO OUT AND VOTE FOR HENRY TODAY HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
Good response on jobs by @MittRomney.
....us since the beginning of this crisis.” They meant the opposite? Forgot to mention that I closed our Country to China (and Europe) very early long before it was considered acceptable to do so. Sleepy Joe said I was “xenophobic” but I saved thousands of lives! Fake News!
.@ClaudiaTenney is a fantastic candidate running in New York where she was a Great member of Congress. She is Strong on Crime Borders Cutting Taxes your #2A and she Loves our Military and Vets. Claudia has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
The @USNavy’s first female Admiral Alene Duerk once said: “It was a nice distinction to have and to be recognized as the first but I wanted to make certain that I used that notoriety to do as much positive as I could.” Alene did just that and America is forever grateful! 
.@Omarosa is not winning points being called “the wicked witch of the Mid-West” and most certainly other things. #CelebApprentice
China is buying gas fields in Texas  &amp; stealing our corporate secrets...
Join the MOVEMENT to #MAGA! 
CNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime failing schools and vanishing jobs.
Going to New Hampshire in a little while. Big crowds! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
They must be kidding - can this be happening #Oscars
Hey @realjeffreyross @whitney cummings @lisalampanelli: you call yourselves comedians? #TrumpRoast tonight 10:30/9:30c on @ComedyCentral.
The Amazon Washington Post fabricated the facts on my ending massive dangerous and wasteful payments to Syrian rebels fighting Assad.....
The fans are going to love the tasks in the upcoming 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice. The biggest yet!
....She is a very special person with extraordinary talents who has done an incredible job! I hope she decides to run for Governor of Arkansas - she would be fantastic. Sarah thank you for a job well done!
Benghazi was a massive cover up.
Why doesn’t the ICIG do something about this Scam? He should have never let it start a Dem Hoax! 
President Obama do not attack Syria. There is no upside and tremendous downside. Save your "powder" for another (and more important) day!
...This evil Anti-Semitic attack is an assault on humanity. It will take all of us working together to extract the poison of Anti-Semitism from our world. We must unite to conquer hate.
“China officially echoed President Donald Trump’s optimism over bilateral trade talks. Chinese officials have begun preparing to restart imports of U.S. Soybeans &amp; Liquified Natural Gas the first sign confirming the claims of President Donald Trump and the White House that......
More lies and deceptions--@BarackObama is having his ex-staffers write 'independent' studies for his reelection 
Previous quote from the great Republican Senator Jim Inhofe of Oklahoma - Chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee
Such amazing people in India. This trip is very enlightening!
Secretary Pompeo and his “guests” will be landing at Andrews Air Force Base at 2:00 A.M. in the morning. I will be there to greet them. Very exciting!
My @Live5News int. with @WilliamLive5 in South Carolina with @citadelgop cadets on my 757 discussing 2016 
Remember NBC increased Celebrity Apprentice to 2 hours starting this Sunday night at 9 P.M. through end of season-great news for App lovers
Bringing true luxury to the Windy City @TrumpChicago soars 92 levels over the Chicago River 
Lance Armstrong is now going to admit guilt—can that be possible after many years of denying? Just go away Lance.
This will never get old! 
Our Steel Industry is the talk of the World. It has been given new life and is thriving. Billions of Dollars is being spent on new plants all around the country!
Keep up the great work Kellie! 
JUST OUT: 3.9% Unemployment. 4% is Broken! In the meantime WITCH HUNT!
“White House Confidence Grows As Hearings Wear On.” @WashTimes  This is just an attempted takedown of the Republican Party by the Do Nothing Democrats. It will never work. #2020
Comey testified (under oath) that it was a “unanimous” decision on Crooked Hillary. Lisa Page transcripts show he LIED. @jasoninthehouse
My interview with @parademagazine from the Olympics 100 Day Countdown in Times Square 
Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats. This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI the Debbie Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails.
3000 people did not die in the two hurricanes that hit Puerto Rico. When I left the Island AFTER the storm had hit they had anywhere from 6 to 18 deaths. As time went by it did not go up by much. Then a long time later they started to report really large numbers like 3000...
Thank you to Bob Woodward who said "That is a garbage document...it never should have been presented...Trump's right to be upset (angry)...
When the American People speak ALL OF US should listen. Just over one year ago you spoke loud and clear. On November 8 2016 you voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
By popular request  I will be live tweeting during Celebrity Apprentice (Sunday 9 P.M.).
Failing host @glennbeck a mental basketcase loves SUPERPACS - in other words he wants your politicians totally controlled by lobbyists!
Hope &amp; Change. Millions are losing their healthcare plans &amp; ObamaCare is taking cancer patients’ doctors away 
Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford Chairman of Ford who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky - no Mexico
I am "the king of debt."That has been great for me as a businessman but is bad for the country. I made a fortune off of debt will fix U.S.
Congratulations @Trump_Ireland for being named #12 resort in Europe by the @CNTraveler #ReadersChoice2014 awards!
Thank you @BillyJoel- many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at MSG. Appreciate it- love your music!
Lynne Ryan -- just read your great story in the NY Times -- I am proud of you. Thanks! 
With the labor participation rate at a 36 yr. low over 92M Americans are out of the work force.
Costs on non-military lines will never come down if we do not elect more Republicans in the 2018 Election and beyond. This Bill is a BIG VICTORY for our Military but much waste in order to get Dem votes. Fortunately DACA not included in this Bill negotiations to start now!
What a foolish statement by @davidaxelrod - he said that a @marcorubio VP pick would 'insult' Hispanics  
Thank you Brian France Bill Elliott @chaseelliott @DavidRagan &amp; @RyanJNewman! #NASCAR #Trump2016 #
.@RobertGBeckel Please thank your brother for his nice words on television. Seems like a great guy and character! @CNN
Why is @BarackObama letting the Taliban know when our troops are leaving?   This is dangerous for our soldiers.
Club for Growth letter- trying to extort $1000000.00 from me. Remember I said- NO! 
It is so sad to see what has happened to Atlantic City. So many bad decisions by the pols over the years - airport convention center etc.
Nevada I hear you on Yucca Mountain and my Administration will RESPECT you! Congress and previous Administrations have long failed to find lasting solutions – my Administration is committed to exploring innovative approaches – I’m confident we can get it done!
I just had to fire someone he didn't have a clue--he reminded me of Obama on Wednesday night.
North Korea can't survive or even eat without the help of China. China could solve this problem with one phone call-they love taunting us!
I have been briefed on the helicopter crash in New York City. Phenomenal job by our GREAT First Responders who are currently on the scene. THANK YOU for all you do 24/7/365! The Trump Administration stands ready should you need anything at all.
Wow! Such a wonderful article from fantastic people--my great honor! 
October has a 7% foreclosure increase last month. Is this @BarackObama’s economic recovery?
Their is no reason for the U.S. Consumer to pay the Tariffs which take effect on China today. This has been proven recently when only 4 points were paid by the U.S. 21 points by China because China subsidizes product to such a large degree. Also the Tariffs can be.....
Getting ready to meet President al-Sisi of Egypt. On behalf of the United States I look forward to a long and wonderful relationship.
.@HillaryClinton’s Nuclear Agreement Paved The Way For The $400 Million Ransom Payment #
I loved watching Clint Eastwood last night--he was terrific!
My @USATOpinion piece: "Trump: I don't need to be lectured" 
....THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!
“Once you learn to quit it becomes a habit.” - Vince Lombardi
But I did nothing wrong. Read the Transcripts (2)! 
People now realize it is a Democrat Hoax! 
Strong leader: @IsraeliPM Netanyahu explained at AIPAC the threat Israel faces from Iran's nuclear drive. He is (cont) 
Looking forward to the @CadillacChamp at Trump Doral next week 3.6.-3.10.  Can’t wait to meet the attendees. #WGCDoral
The International Association of Firefighters Union is rebelling on their very foolish leader. Perhaps they will vote him out of office. He doesn’t get it!  
... The Republicans just didn’t resonate with the people—but they will have better days.
....The best thing that ever happened to Puerto Rico is President Donald J. Trump. So many wonderful people but with such bad Island leadership and with so much money wasted. Cannot continue to hurt our Farmers and States with these massive payments and so little appreciation!
My @greta int. on @FoxNews with @MELANIATRUMP at OPO discussing my potential candidacy &amp; making America great again 
My interview last night with Greta on the GOP going El Foldo 
Nation's Immigration And Customs Enforcement Officers (ICE) Make First-Ever Presidential Endorsement:
Congratulations to Obama on building a strong economy. There are 49500000 people on food stamps. A historic record!
If you think we have a problem with Social Security and Medicare now try taking in millions of new citizens all at once.
A wonderful afternoon in Iowa! Great people! Heading now to Florida - tomorrow South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
I was just told by a television pro thay @DannyZucker is one of the truly dumbest guys in the business-he's obsessed with T-so many flops!
Look forward to being there. Something’s happening! #MAGA 
I see it each time I go out to Rallies in order to help some of our great Republican candidates. VOTERS ARE REALLY ANGRY AT THE VICIOUS AND DESPICABLE WAY DEMOCRATS ARE TREATING BRETT KAVANAUGH! He and his wonderful family deserve much better.
A legitimate article about me...
One year ago I started calling President Obama INCOMPETENT and people thought it was too tough.     Tonight everyone is using that    word!
 
Prime Minster @AbeShinzo is coming up to Trump Tower for dinner but most importantly he just had a great landslide victory in Japan. I will congratulate him on behalf of the American people!
Reporter should resign---- 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!#Trump2016 #AmericaFirst 
I have been watching and loving the United States for many years and have NEVER seen it look weaker or less effective!
My two great friends. Proud of you both! 
Twitter has removed many people from my account and more importantly they have seemingly done something that makes it much harder to join - they have stifled growth to a point where it is obvious to all. A few weeks ago it was a Rocket Ship now it is a Blimp! Total Bias?
We should remember that during this entire Petraeus episodeover 50 of our nation's bravest have died in Afghanistan...
Wages in are country are too low good jobs are too few  and people have lost faith in our leaders.We need smart and strong leadership now!
Don’t hurt them please! 
Rated Toronto’s #1 hotel the 65-story 5 Star @TrumpTO is located in the heart of the city’s finest attractions 
Vote for Sean Spicer on Dancing with the Stars. He is a great and very loyal guy who is working very hard! #MAGA 
I feel sorry for the 4000 soldiers who are being forced to go the West Africa to fight Ebola. Their families are up in arms. Not trained.
Under @BarackObama the Iranian nuclear program has rapidly grown. 
...but complain and obstruct. They made only bad deals (Iran) and their so-called Trade Deals are the laughing stock of the world!
Cadillac Championship at Doral a great success--I just bought Doral--it will be amazing. Cadillac a great American car.
Advice from my father Fred C. Trump:  "Know everything you can about what you're doing."
Congressman Neal Dunn (@DunnCampaign) of Florida has done an outstanding job at everything having to do with #MAGA. Now working hard on hurricane relief and rebuild. Strong on Crime strong on Borders loves our Military and our Vets. Neal has my highest Endorsement!
Can’t say I mind the fact that the great people of West Virginia are furious at their puppet Democrat Senator Joe Manchin. They will never forget his phony vote on the Impeachment Hoax. All he had to do is read the Transcripts sadly which he wouldn’t understand anyway.....
Heading to Helsinki Finland – looking forward to meeting with President Putin tomorrow. Unfortunately no matter how well I do at the Summit if I was given the great city of Moscow as retribution for all of the sins and evils committed by Russia...
The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful but outside criminals!
The historic $250M renovations at @TrumpDoral are moving on pace. Once complete @TrumpDoral will be South Florida’s premiere resort.
...vast sums of money to NATO &amp; the United States must be paid more for the powerful and very expensive defense it provides to Germany!
Third rate @politico took every negative tweet or response they could find &amp; put it out--when in fact the response is incredibly positive.
Thank you Houston Texas! #AmericaFirst #Trump2016 
Megyn Kelly has two really dumb puppets Chris Stirewalt &amp; Marc Threaten (a Bushy) who do exactly what she says. All polls say I won debates
#ObamacareFail 
Just spoke to Marillyn Hewson CEO of @LockheedMartin about continuing operations for the @Sikorsky in Coatesville Pennsylvania. She will be taking it under advisement and will be  making a decision soon....
Money pouring into Insurance Companies profits under the guise of ObamaCare is over. They have made a fortune.Dems must get smart &amp; deal!
Sad sack @JebBush has just done another ad on me with special interest money saying I won't beat Hillary - I WILL. But he can't beat me.
We had a wonderful visit to Vietnam thank you President Tran Dai Quang! Heading to the #ASEANSummit 50th Anniv Gala in the Philippines now. 
The White House is running beautifully. We are making some of the greatest and most important deals in our countries history - with many more to come. Big progress!
Thank you Windham New Hampshire! #TrumpPence16 #MAGA 
By self-funding my campaign I am not controlled by my donors special interests or lobbyists. I am only working for the people of the U.S.!
Another false report in the Failing  @nytimes. We have been trying to get some of these Border Actions for a long time as have other administrations but were not able to get them or get them in full until our signed agreement with Mexico. Additionally and for many years....
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
As soon as Democrats sent their best Election stealing lawyer Marc Elias to Broward County they miraculously started finding Democrat votes. Don’t worry Florida - I am sending much better lawyers to expose the FRAUD!
Wow ISIS has just taken the City of Ramadi in Iraq. So many of our great soldiers died in originally going after it.  Such a waste.
The @SuperCommittee will fail. The Republicans never should have agreed to the debt deal.
Why should I as President of the United States allow countries to continue to make Massive Trade Surpluses as they have for decades while our Farmers Workers &amp; Taxpayers have such a big and unfair price to pay? Not fair to the PEOPLE of America! $800 Billion Trade Deficit...
Thanks.  
Getting ready to lift off for Laredo. Will land at 1:OO P.M. Should be exciting and informative!
Lyin’ James Comey Andrew McCabe Peter S and his lover agent Lisa Page &amp; more all disgraced and/or fired and caught in the act. These are just some of the losers that tried to do a number on your President. Part of the Witch Hunt. Remember the “insurance policy?” This is it!
....The Wall will be paid for directly or indirectly or through longer term reimbursement by Mexico which has a ridiculous $71 billion dollar trade surplus with the U.S. The $20 billion dollar Wall is “peanuts” compared to what Mexico makes from the U.S. NAFTA is a bad joke!
Somebody please explain to Chris Wallace of Fox who will never be his father (and my friend) Mike Wallace that the Phone Conversation I had with the President of Ukraine was a congenial &amp; good one. It was only Schiff’s made up version of that conversation that was bad!
She seems like a very happy young girl looking forward to a bright and wonderful future. So nice to see! 
Wow just announced that Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. DESPERATION!
Today is National Prescription Drug Take Back Day. Everyone can help fight the #OpioidEpidemic by participating!  

Thank you to @JackBrewerBSI for your kind words on the great progress we have made on our powerful African-American Agenda. For one lowest unemployment numbers in USA history. Many other great records!  @foxandfriends  @FoxNews
Every day the brave men and women of ICE are liberating communities from savage gangs like MS-13. We will NOT stand for these vile Democrat smears in law enforcement. We will always stand proudly with the BRAVE HEROES of ICE and BORDER PATROL!
Great interview in @postedtoronto of @DonaldJTrumpJr:  He makes me proud.  
Going to play golf right now with @AbeShinzo. Japan loves the game. Tremendous fans of @JackNicklaus @TigerWoods and @PhilMickelson — I said what about @GaryPlayer they said we love Gary too!
The Club For Growthwhich asked me for $1000000 in an extortion attempt just put up a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math.What a dumb group!
Iran was planning to attack the Israeli and Saudi DC embassies. We should respond accordingly. The diplomatic  window is closed.
Jeff Van Drew is a Courageous Leader that left the Do Nothing Democrats to better serve the Great people of New Jersey. HAPPY BIRTHDAY @CongressmanJVD!
“You want to compete and you want to compete at the highest level.” - @boonepickens
Thank you Ivanka. Really Amazing! 
I hope the NY tax payer appreciates the millions Schneiderman is about to waste on a small case. I will litigate to victory.
Don't forget episodes 2 and 3 of @ApprenticeNBC are on tonight at 8PM and 9PM on @NBC.
House Republican Vote 217-185.
Just returned home from the great state of New Hampshire. Have made so many friends there--special place!
Forty -six million Americans---more than at any time ever in the history of this country--now live under the poverty line. #TimeToGetTough
.@JonahNRO watched on @seanhannity and appreciate your statements --- I have been waiting for them for a long time. Thank you.
These Media Posts will serve as notification to the United States Congress that should Iran strike any U.S. person or target the United States will quickly &amp; fully strike back &amp; perhaps in a disproportionate manner. Such legal notice is not required but is given nevertheless!
I spoke with President Moon of South Korea last night. Asked him how Rocket Man is doing. Long gas lines forming in North Korea. Too bad!
.@MarkHalperin showed a focus group on @Morning_Joe me using a very bad word. I never said the word left an open blank. Please apologize!
Had very productive meetings and calls for our Country today. Meeting tonight with World Leaders!
“If the Fed backs off and starts talking a little more Dovish I think we’re going to be right back to our 2800 to 2900 target range that we’ve had for the S&amp;P 500.” Scott Wren Wells Fargo.
I will be doing Greta Van Susteren @gretawire tonight at 10 PM on Fox News talking about China &amp; Mitt's failed campaign team.
Didn't the Boston killer even run over his own brother with a car in order to get away?  We are not dealing with an innocent baby here-DEATH
Jeb used Eminent Domain &amp; took advantage of a disabled vet in the process. (2/2)
The Wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth (and many others)! If
Looking forward to being in the Great State of Pennsylvania where we had a tremendous victory in the Election. Will be campaigning hard for an original supporter Lou Barletta to replace a weak an ineffective Senator Bob Casey. Lou is tough and smart loves PA and our Country!
Today on #NationalAgDay we honor our great American farmers &amp; ranchers. Their hard work &amp; dedication are ingrained… 
People like doing deals with me because they know it will be profitable that I work quickly and that they will be treated fairly.
I’ll soon be leaving for Washington where @AmSpec will give me the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award. Very exciting!
The failing @NYTimes would do much better if they were honest! 
My @todayshow show interview with @IvankaTrump discussing the fierce competition in All-Star @CelebApprentice 
The #MarchForLife is so important. To all of you marching --- you have my full support!
I told you so! The European Union just slapped a Five Billion Dollar fine on one of our great companies Google. They truly have taken advantage of the U.S. but not for long!
Can you believe the head of Iran refused to meet with our great President?—Zero respect!
My acquisition of the Doral in Maimi will be a major success for the Trump Organization. The re-building is on schedule.
Re Negotiation: Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
Great numbers on Stocks and the Economy. If we get Tax Cuts and Reform we'll really see some great results!
Save your time @rosie and focus on your horrible ratings and don't mention my name on talk shows anymore or you will get more of the same.
Thank you to FEMA our great Military &amp; all First Responders who are working so hardagainst terrible oddsin Puerto Rico. See you Tuesday!
Join me in Reno Nevada tomorrow at 3:30pm! #AmericaFirst #MAGATickets: 
Great support from GOP in fighting the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats! 
Crooked Hillary said that I  want guns brought into the school classroom. Wrong!
“We build too many walls and not enough bridges.” - Isaac Newton
Thank you Reno Nevada. NOTHING will stop us in our quest to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst… 
Is this Hope &amp; Change? A record 46.7M Americans were on food stamps this past June. We must do better.
Hope to see you tomorrow in Trump Tower (5th Ave betw 56 and 57) -- I'll be signing copies of my book #TimeToGetTough from noon until 2 pm
Under our President ISIS is gaining great strength- 
Bay Bridge in San Fransisco built in China keeps getting worse. Cost overruns are out of control --- China is having a field day with us!
The Fake News hates me saying that they are the Enemy of the People only because they know it’s TRUE. I am providing a great service by explaining this to the American People. They purposely cause great division &amp; distrust. They can also cause War! They are very dangerous &amp; sick!
We thank you. We salute you. We honor you. And we promise you: we will ALWAYS have your BACK – now and FOREVER! #IACP2018 
Just landed - a long trip but everybody can now feel much safer than the day I took office. There is no longer a Nuclear Threat from North Korea. Meeting with Kim Jong Un was an interesting and very positive experience. North Korea has great potential for the future!
With the #RightToTry Law I signed today patients with life threatening illnesses will finally have access to experimental treatments that could improve or even cure their conditions. These are experimental treatments and products that have shown great promise... 
Work often becomes problem solving.  Problems come with the territory and they should never surprise you. - Think Like a Champion
What does the Department of Justice and FBI have to hide? Why aren’t they giving the strongly requested documents (unredacted) to the HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE? Stalling but for what reason? Not looking good!
BREAKING NEWS:  Obama has just made a trade with Russia. They get Florida California &amp; our gold supply. We get borscht &amp; a bottle of vodka.
What other country tells the enemy when we are going to attack like Obama is doing with ISIS. Whatever happened to the element of surprise?
Congratulations to @NYCParks on quickly repairing the Lasker Rink. Record skaters this past Thanksgiving!
Come on goAngelo don't give up now just because your "rally" at Macy's drew only eleven people for twenty minutes! I love@ Macy's.
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 this morning - enjoy!
.@MacMiller’s “Donald Trump”  just crossed 73.5 million views on @YouTube.  You’re welcome Mac!
The Democrats want to shut down the Government over Amnesty for all and Border Security. The biggest loser will be our rapidly rebuilding Military at a time we need it more than ever. We need a merit based system of immigration and we need it now! No more dangerous Lottery.
That was an amazing interview on @foxandfriends - I hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the @nytimes is!
I don't think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed Crooked Hillary to get away with "murder." Come November 8 she's out!
“Donald Trump on ‘cliff’: ‘Other countries are eating our lunch’”  via @BIZPACReview
Remember how @ObamaCare did not have any tort reform? Now the trial lawyers are getting ready for even more lawsuits 
Can you believe Crooked Hillary said "We are going to put a whole lot of coal miners&amp;coal companies out of business." She then apologized.
Starting to look good for the highly respected Prime Minister of the Italian Republic Giuseppe Conte. Represented Italy powerfully at the G-7. Loves his Country greatly &amp; works well with the USA. A very talented man who will hopefully remain Prime Minister!
I don’t care that most of the workers not getting paid are Democrats I want to stop the Shutdown as soon as we are in agreement on Strong Border Security! I am in the White House ready to go where are the Dems?
Morning Joe's weakness is its low ratings. I don't watch anymore but I heard he went wild against Rudy Giuliani and #2A - sad &amp; irrelevant!
....People are fleeing New York State because of high taxes and yes even oppression of sorts. They didn’t even put up a fight against SALT - could have won. So much litigation. The NRA should leave and fight from the outside of this very difficult to deal with (unfair) State!
Entrepreneurs: Watching you could be the motivation for your employees.Make it an example that will best serve the success of your business.
In light of the horrible attack in Nice France I have postponed tomorrow's news conference concerning my Vice Presidential announcement.
Awarded the prestigious 2014 @ForbesInspector 5-Star Guide @TrumpToronto is located in beautiful downtown Toronto 

Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd a man with so little touch for politics is at it again.He could not have watched my standing ovation speech in N.C.
I have hired renowned golf course architect Gil Hanse to rebuild The Blue Monster at Doral. He designed the 2016 (cont) 
Crooked @HillaryClinton's foundation is a CRIMINAL ENTERPRISE. Time to #DrainTheSwamp!   #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
#CrookedHillary Job Application 
Great Masters going on right now. @TigerWoods is leading with 2 holes left to play. Very exciting tune in!
Bill Clinton wants to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
My Scotland course is receiving accolades from all over the world--a great honor for me.
Congratulations to @TrumpChicago @TrumpSoHo and @TrumpLasVegas --all listed #1 on @TravelandLeisure World's Best Business Hotels
“The Russia Hoax The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton &amp; Frame Donald Trump” is a Hot Seller already Number One! More importantly it is a great book that everyone is talking about. It covers the Rigged Witch Hunt brilliantly. Congratulations to Gregg Jarrett!
Too bad that the European Union is being so tough on the United Kingdom and Brexit. The E.U. is likewise a brutal trading partner with the United States which will change. Sometimes in life you have to let people breathe before it all comes back to bite you!
Congresswoman Martha Roby of Alabama has been a consistent and reliable vote for our Make America Great Again Agenda. She is in a Republican Primary run-off against a recent Nancy Pelosi voting Democrat. I fully endorse Martha for Alabama 2nd Congressional District!
Sadly I was forced to cancel the Summit Meeting in Singapore with Kim Jong Un. 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO ALL!
Many countries including allies already see China as world superpower  We have greatest military yet no respect
Great to hear that @nfl legend and hall of famer John Elway has endorsed @MittRomney in Colorado. CO is a must win state for Mitt.
Dopey Mort Zuckerman owner of the worthless @NYDailyNews has a major inferiority complex. Paper will close soon!
Very nice - @HuffingtonPost @pollsterpolls has me in first place at 18% and Bush second at 14% 
'President Trump Congratulates Exxon Mobil for Job-Creating Investment Program'
Remember - get out on November 8th &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16. It is time to #DrainTheSwamp -- this is our last chance! 
This new Russian strategy guarantees victory for the Syrian government-and makes Obama and U.S. look hopelessly bad. President in trouble!
Required reading 4 success in politics &amp; life read @kimguilfoyle's book #MakingTheCase. Brilliant Advice !  
I promise to rebuild our military and secure our border. Democrats want to shut down the government. Politics!
Look forward to seeing final results of VoteStand. Gregg Phillips and crew say at least 3000000 votes were illegal. We must do better!
Cute! 
Obama said he never met his uncle Oscar who was arrested for whatever. Turns out he lived with his uncle in Boston. SO MANY LIES!
Why should I be defending a fraudulent Russian Witch Hunt. It’s about time the perpetrators of this fraud on me and the American People start defending their dishonest and treasonous acts. How and why did this terrible event begin? Never Forget!
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to visit our incredible troops at Al Asad Air Base in Iraq. GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.! 
Dowd never understood the pulse of the Republican Party present or past. He’s just a 3rd rate hit job for Fake News @ABC! 
- Donald Trump bids to buy the Oreo Double Stuf Racing League. Check it out: 
Jodi thought she outsmarted the system - it didn't work!  Congratulations to the jury on a job well done!  Now will it be life or death?
Don't forget the Celebrity Apprentice Sunday night at 9 pm on NBC for another surprising and exciting episode  
Trump poll numbers are the highest since election despite constant phony Witch Hunts! Tens of thousands of people attending rallies (which the Fake News never mentions) to see “The Greatest Show On Earth”. Fun because USA is WINNING AGAIN! 
-- Watch Donald Trump's recent appearance on The Late Show with David Letterman: 
Our politically correct country will read the ISIS terrorists who beheaded the reporter their Miranda Rights prior to good food &amp; care!
I will be doing a News Conference live from the @WhiteHouse at 5:00 P.M. (Eastern) to discuss the mtg of the G20 Leaders that took place this morning at 7:55 A.M. by World Teleconference. Also my 12:00 P.M. Teleconference call w/50 Governors plus Territories will be discussed.
.@Lord_Sugar - nice call on predicting that the iPOD would be "dead finished gone kaput"   Great business foresight.
STOCK MARKET AT ALL-TIME HIGH! HOW ARE YOUR 409K’S DOING? 70% 80% 90% up? Only 50% up! What are you doing wrong?
A whistleblower with second hand information? Another Fake News Story! See what was said on the very nice no pressure call. Another Witch Hunt!
Heading to Indianapolis to speak at the big NRA Conference. Love being in Indiana. The @NRA is getting stronger &amp; stronger and doing some really great and important work. Having their powerful support has been vital to #MAGA!
“The object of golf is not just to win. It is to play like a gentleman and win.” - Phil Mickelson @MickelsonHat
Be a cautious optimist. Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
The DNC will have gotten their fondest wish and defeated Bernie Sanders far ahead of schedule. Now they are doing everything possible to be nice to him in order to keep his supporters. Bernie has given up just like he did last time. He will be dropping out soon! MAGA/KAG
So nice thank you Laura.  
See you in Arizona on Friday and Saturday. 
#CrookedHillary 
....the Border or large sections of the Border next week. This would be so easy for Mexico to do but they just take our money and “talk.” Besides we lose so much money with them especially when you add in drug trafficking etc.) that the Border closing would be a good thing!
The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of our Country! 
General Motors MUST immediately open their stupidly abandoned Lordstown plant in Ohio or some other plant and START MAKING VENTILATORS NOW!!!!!!  FORD GET GOING ON VENTILATORS FAST!!!!!!  @GeneralMotors  @Ford
Ted Cruz went down big in just released Reuters poll - what's going on? Is it Goldman Sachs/Citi loans or Canada?
The truth is a beautiful weapon. 
So cute! Her father is under siege for no reason since his first day in office! 
It's not that I'm so smart it's just that I stay with problems longer.  -- Albert Einstein
....You will see it was a very friendly and totally appropriate call. No pressure and unlike Joe Biden and his son NO quid pro quo! This is nothing more than a continuation of the Greatest and most Destructive Witch Hunt of all time!

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou 
Just announced youth unemployment is at a 50 year low!  @foxandfriends
Obama sent weapons through Benghazi to ISIS yet he is holding up shipments to Israel. What is he thinking?
Heading to Youngstown Ohio now- some great polls. #AmericaFirst 
THANK YOU COLORADO! #KAG2020 
What can you learn today that you didn't know before? Set the bar high -- do the best you possibly can.
Is Hillary really protecting women? 
Just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten Barrack Obama. (2/2)
Great #Thanksgiving travel and parade watching tips by @NYTimesTravel including an option  from @TrumpNewYork: 
It was my great honor to pay tribute to a VET who went above &amp; beyond the call of duty to PROTECT our COMRADES our COUNTRY &amp; OUR FREEDOM! 
Just watched @meetthepress and how totally biased against me Chuck Todd and the entire show is against me.The good news-the people get it!
Four more years of weakness with a Crooked Hillary Administration is not acceptable. Look what has happened to the world with O &amp; Hillary!
If China didn't play games with its currency and we played on a level economic playing field we could easily (cont)  20:24:09,27,4,false,172778797010124800Twitter Web Client,HALF of Americans don't pay income tax despite crippling govt debt... 19:59:34,4676,2783,false,172772609627394049Twitter Web Client,Irony! @BarackObama was in Florida yesterday fundraising. Gas also rose to $6/gallon for Florida drivers yesterday.  19:40:29,126,6,false,172767804443983872Twitter Web Client,RT @OCChoppers: Bike we built for @realDonaldTrump. The gold flakes in the paint out in the sunlight looked amazing!  19:36:12,118,151,false,172766726365261827Twitter Web Client,@MittRomney to @RickSantorum in #CNNDebate: In 2008 You Called Me Really Conservative" 
Great Job by Judicial Watch. Potentially a treasure trove. Too bad you are not given more help but it will all work out! 
Live from New York- November 7th! @nbcsnl 
#TBT With my friend @muhammadali 
.@TraceAdkins isn’t excited about their ideas. Are you? #CelebApprentice
Republicans have once again capitulated to Obama. This time on the Iran nuclear treaty. When will it end?
I will be looking into this! #StopTheBias 
Facebook Twitter and Google are so biased toward the Dems it is ridiculous! Twitter in fact has made it much more difficult for people to join @realDonaldTrump. They have removed many names &amp; greatly slowed the level and speed of increase. They have acknowledged-done NOTHING!
We send our deepest condolences to @RepLouBarletta and the entire Barletta family on the passing of his brother. Lou has been working so hard despite this terrible situation for the people of Pennsylvania. Our thoughts and prayers are with Lou and the entire Barletta family!
“Presidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Steel into the United States” Proclamation:   
Maria Dagan Steve Stuart V - When you are the big “piggy bank” that other countries have been ripping off for years (to a level that is not to be believed) Tariffs are a great negotiating tool a great revenue producers and  most importantly a powerful way to get......
Good luck! Enjoy. 
“No President in history has endured such vicious personal attacks by political opponents. Still the President’s record is unparalleled.” @LouDobbs
Rosie O'Donnell has failed again. Her ratings were abysmal and Oprah cancelled her on Friday night. When will (cont) 
Brian Kemp will be a GREAT Governor of Georgia. Stacey Abrams will destroy the State. Sooooo important get out and VOTE for Brian!
The Fake News is working overtime. Just reported that despite the tremendous success we are having with the economy &amp; all things else 91% of the Network News about me is negative (Fake). Why do we work so hard in working with the media when it is corrupt? Take away credentials?
Wow! -Senator Mark Warner got caught having extensive contact with a lobbyist for a Russian oligarch. Warner did not want a “paper trail” on a “private” meeting (in London) he requested with Steele of fraudulent Dossier fame. All tied into Crooked Hillary.
“Donald Trump’s Miss USA Pageant Scores $5 Million Legal Victory Following Rigged Claims”  via @eonline
“Do not underestimate yourself and know you are able to handle what comes your way.” – Think Like a Champion
.@brithume thinks that when Republicans drop out of the race someone will pick up ALL of that vote. The fact is I will get much of it!
The New York Times did a phony story as usual about my relationship with @VP Mike Pence. They made up sources and refused to ask me the only one that would know for a quote....
Hopefully the Republican National Committee can straighten out the total mess that is taking place in Virginia's Republican Party. FAST!
I have asked Secretary of State @MikePompeo4USA to closely study the South Africa land and farm seizures and expropriations and the large scale killing of farmers. “South African Government is now seizing land from white farmers.” @TuckerCarlson  @FoxNews
These California fires are expanding very very quickly (in some cases 80-100 acres a minute). If people don’t evacuate quickly they risk being overtaken by the fire. Please listen to evacuation orders from State and local officials!
Of course we should have captured Osama Bin Laden long before we did. I pointed him out in my book just BEFORE the attack on the World Trade Center. President Clinton famously missed his shot. We paid Pakistan Billions of Dollars &amp; they never told us he was living there. Fools!..
LETS GO AMERICA! Time to take backour country and #MakeAmericaGreatAgainWatch video &amp; go#VoteTrump! 
Based on the IG Report the whole Witch Hunt against me and my administration was a giant and illegal SCAM. The House of Representatives should now get back to work on drug prices healthcare infrastructure and all else. The Mueller Report showed No Collusion No Obstruction!
Join me in Council Bluffs Iowa- today at 3pm! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Tickets: 
“Disability applications plunge as economy strengthens”  Failing New York Times
Ralph Norman ran a fantastic race to win in the Great State of South Carolina's 5th District. We are all honored by your success tonight!
Just leaving D.C. Had great meetings with Republicans in the House and Senate. Very interesting day! These are people who love our country!
Thank you Wilkes-Barre Pennsylvania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Nervous Nancy's unhinged meltdown! 
The White House is running very smoothly and the results for our Nation are obviously very good. We are the envy of the world. But anytime I even think about making changes the FAKE NEWS MEDIA goes crazy always seeking to make us look as bad as possible! Very dishonest!
Toyota &amp; Mazda to build a new $1.6B plant here in the U.S.A. and create 4K new American jobs. A great investment in American manufacturing!
Join me Tuesday Nov. 3rd at 12 PM in #TrumpTower in NYC. I'll be signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don't miss it!
Check out the Trump Fabulous World of Golf site to meet the Fazio family---master golf course designers....
My proposal to the politically correct Automobile Companies would lower the average price of a car to consumers by more than $3500 while at the same time making the cars substantially safer. Engines would run smoother. Positive impact on the environment! Foolish executives!
...in the Hillary Clinton Campaign where she deleted 33000 Emails got $145000000 while Secretary of State paid McCabes wife $700000 (and got off the FBI hook along with Terry M) and so much more. Republicans and real Americans should start getting tough on this Scam.
“@TurnberryBuzz the jewel in Donald Trump golfing crown”  via @TheScotsman by @DempsterMartin
#TimeToGetTough The crowd at the book signing at Trump Tower in NYC right now... 
.@CNN  Why is somebody (Beck) I beat so soundly all of a sudden an expert on Donald Trump (all over television). She knows nothing about me.
After some very important meetings including my meeting with President Xi of China I will be leaving Japan for South Korea (with President Moon). While there if Chairman Kim of North Korea sees this I would meet him at the Border/DMZ just to shake his hand and say Hello(?)!
Can you believe that despite 93% bad stories from the Fake News Media (should be getting good stories) today we had just about our highest Poll Numbers including those on Election Day? The American public is wise to the phony an dishonest press. Make America Great Again!
We fully support @SaveCulzean in Turnberry--great for beauty &amp; tourism. Wind turbines are death to environment.   
Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan has been working with me to help balance out the one-sided Trade with Japan. These are some of the investments they are making in our Country - just the beginning! 
Looking forward to meeting with @SenBobCorker in a little while. We will be traveling to North Carolina together today.
Just like I have warned from the beginning Crooked Hillary Clinton will betray you on the TPP. 
.@TrumpCollection continues to deliver the goods   
Do you believe Barack Hussein Obama (aka Barry Soetoro) looked like a president last night? I don't!
Do the people of Ohio know that John Kasich is STRONGLY in favor of Common Core! In other words education of your children from D.C. No way
.@MarkHalperin works so hard but just doesn't have a natural instinct for politics. Others do and those are the people you want to follow!
It is Clinton and Sanders people who disrupted my rally in Chicago - and then they say I must talk to my people. Phony politicians!
I want all Americans to understand: we are at war with an invisible enemy but that enemy is no match for the spirit and resolve of the American people...
Just read the nice remarks by President Jimmy Carter about me and how badly I am treated by the press (Fake News). Thank you Mr. President!
The stock market is having a horrendous day- bad employment numbers.
I am getting great credit for my press conference today. Crooked Hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days.
.@acuconservative's #CPACCO kept up the momentum from the debate. @MittRomney even made a surprise appearance. Now go win CO!
Let @PeteRose in the HOF - it's time!
Incredible number just out 7036000 job openings. Astonishing - it’s all working! Stock Market up big on tremendous potential of USA. Also Strong Profits. We are Number One in World by far!
The special interests and people who control our politicians (puppets) are spending $25 million on misleading and fraudulent T.V. ads on me.
Where’s Hunter? He has totally disappeared! Now looks like he has raided and scammed even more countries! Media is AWOL.
Another @BarackObama investment triumph--the $500Billion American funded Finnish plug in cars are all being recalled 
Here’s a great video of the official launch of my new fragrance #Success @Macys Herald Square 
Be sure to check out the new projects @fundanything  Giving away money!
.@piersmorgan Russell has nothing going for himself except for energy &amp; aggression. Without that he would be dead—a first class dummy!
People are not being told that the Republican Party is on track to pick up two seats in the U.S. Senate and epic victory: 53 to 47. The Fake News Media only wants to speak of the House were the Midterm results were better than other sitting Presidents.
....campaign which is unprecedented in our history.” Congressman Peter King  Really bad things were happening but they are now being exposed. Big stuff!
The five fingers represent the five key factors every entrepreneur dreaming of success must master. (cont) 
Love people who are great under pressure. What a fantastic life comeback for a really great guy! 
I will be in Indiana on Sunday and Monday at four MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies. See you there!
Entrepreneurs: There are no guarantees but being ready sure beats being taken by surprise. Know everything you can about what you're doing.
Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama. Luther Strange started way back &amp; ran a good race. Roy WIN in Dec!
Voter I.D. is the best way. Go for it Doug! 
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles fronts the Pacific Ocean and has an 18 hole Pete Dye course. Beautiful! 
“Our economy right now is the Gold Standard throughout the World.” @IngrahamAngle  So true and not even close!
The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado shortly after I entered the race in June because the pols and their bosses knew I would win with the voters
I am fighting the Fake (Corrupt) News the Deep State the Democrats and the few remaining Republicans In Name Only (RINOS who are on mouth to mouth resuscitation) with the help of some truly great Republicans and others. We are Winning big (150th Federal Judge this week)!
ObamaCare has 21 tax hikes   There's now only one solution--defeat @BarackObama this November! #GOMITT
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Watch You've Got Donald Trump at 
Newly released emails prove that scientists have manipulated data on global warming. The data is unreliable. 
Obama-Clinton inherited $10T in debt and turned it into nearly $20T.  They have bankrupted… 
I thought and felt I would win big easily over the fabled 270 (306). When they cancelled fireworks they knew and so did I.
The Media has a big responsibility to life and safety in our Country. Fake News has contributed greatly to the anger and rage that has built up over many years. News coverage has got to start being fair balanced and unbiased or these terrible problems will only get worse!
TV’s darling @TheRealMarilu is back in this year’s “All-Star” @CelebApprentice.  Marilu is a fierce competitor.
He @BarackObama promised to close Gitmo in his first year. It is still open 3 years later and about to get a (cont) 
Look at the tremendous overflow at packed arena in New Hampshire last night. Sorry we couldn’t get you in will be back soon! 
Congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the United States and the world so well in the Syria attack.
Secretary of Homeland Security Kirstjen Nielsen will be leaving her position and I would like to thank her for her service....
Have the Democrats finally realized that we desperately need Border Security and a Wall on the Southern Border. Need to stop Drugs Human TraffickingGang Members &amp; Criminals from coming into our Country. Do the Dems realize that most of the people not getting paid are Democrats?
So it was indeed (just proven in court papers) “last in his class” (Annapolis) John McCain that sent the Fake Dossier to the FBI and Media hoping to have it printed BEFORE the Election. He &amp; the Dems working together failed (as usual). Even the Fake News refused this garbage!
I want to do negative ads on John Kasich but he is so irrelevant to the race that I don’t want to waste my money.
Watch the Miss Universe competition LIVE from the Bahamas - Sunday 8/23 @ 9pm (ET) on NBC: 
The first so-called second hand information “Whistleblower” got my phone conversation almost completely wrong so now word is they are going to the bench and another “Whistleblower” is coming in from the Deep State also with second hand info. Meet with Shifty. Keep them coming!
Thank you to Prime Minister of Australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that FAKE NEWS media lied about. Very nice!
#CelebApprentice fans watch today's #trumpvlog   to find out about our new App 
Hopefully OPEC will be keeping oil flows as is not restricted. The World does not want to see or need higher oil prices!
Look what is happening to our country under the WEAK leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton. We are a divided nation!
So we now find out that it was indeed the unverified and Fake Dirty Dossier that was paid for by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC that was knowingly &amp; falsely submitted to FISA and which was responsible for starting the totally conflicted and discredited Mueller Witch Hunt!
It always seems impossible until it is done. --Nelson Mandela
A lot of the @Yankees should be ashamed of their play in the post season. They are lucky they don't have to deal with George Steinbrenner.
You need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals.--General George S. Patton
Yesterday Obama compared Nelson Mandela to George Washington in Africa. Do you think he really believes it?
Why does Barack Obama's ring have an arabic inscription?  Who is this guy?
Build your reputation on intelligence responsibility and results. That's building the right way. - Think Like a Champion
We need to be smart vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights. We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety!
.@BethVanDuyne did Great things as Mayor of Irving Texas with my Administration. She is a Strong Conservative who supports Border Security Loves our Military Vets and supports your #2A. Beth has my Full Endorsement for Congress! 
With ZERO Democrats to help and a failed expensive and dangerous ObamaCare as the Dems legacy the Republican Senators are working hard!
School shooting in Texas. Early reports not looking good. God bless all!
Ft. Hood Jihadi Nidal Hassan has been paid over $300g in Army salary while on trial. His victims are deprived of any benefits...
When you have exhausted all possibilities remember this - you haven't.    -- Thomas A. Edison
I guess Justin T doesn’t much like my making him pay up on NATO or Trade! 
2004 VIDEO:Pocahontas describing Crooked Hillary Clinton as a Corporate Donor Puppet. Time for change! #Trump2016 
Trump flags being waived at the Bibi @Netanyahu VICTORY celebration last night! 
Do you think that very dumb reporter(blogger) McKay Coppins has apologized to his wife for his very inappropriate behavior while in Florida?
....Different opinions are expressed and I make a decisive and final decision - it is a very simple process. All sides views and policies are covered. I’m sure that Iran will want to talk soon.
Is this boring or is it just me? #Oscars
When will people start saying “thank you Mr. President for firing James Comey?”
We are inspired by the stories of everyday heroes who pull their communities from the depths of despair through leadership and love. 
Just returned to the beautiful @WhiteHouse after a great evening in Pennsylvania! 
Just received from @PeteRose_14. Thank you Pete! #VoteTrump on Tuesday Ohio! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Why isn’t Congressman Adam Schiff being brought up on charges for fraudulently making up a statement and reading it to Congress as if this statement which was very dishonest and bad for me was directly made by the President of the United States? This should never be allowed!

In Charlottesville VA @trumpwinery is Virginia’s largest winery with 200 acres of French vinifera varieties 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Our incompetent Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars in cash to Iran. Scandal!
FIND YOUR POLLING LOCATION HERE! 
First Minister of Scotland released bomber of Pan Am flight #103 on "compassionate grounds." Do you believe?
“It’s the Democrats keeping everything closed.” @JimInhofe  So true!
.@BarackObama should be careful questioning @MittRomney on diplomacy--how many times has Obama apologized for our country on foreign soil?!
But why shouldn't I speak out? Don't you speak out in this country? -  George Steinbrenner
Do not underestimate yourself and know you are able to handle what comes your way by increasing your leverage.
.@marcthiessen is a failed Bush speechwriter whose work was so bad that he has never been able to make a comeback. A third rate talent!
Thank you Bridgeport Connecticut!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain # 
“It looks here as though General Flynn’s defenses are incidental to something larger which is for the prosecution to figure out if it can find a path to Donald Trump without quite knowing what that crime might be. It stops looking like prosecution and more looking like......
....and then helped to fund them...And zero progress was made on curbing those activities until Trump droned Soleimani...Plainly Trump is not a warmonger. He’s a deal maker &amp; his record is that of someone who uses our military might as a deterrent unleashes it with....
Ed Gillespie will turn the really bad Virginia economy #'s around and fast. Strong on crime he might even save our great statues/heritage!
....say he fought back against this phony crime that didn’t exist this horrendous false acquisition and he shouldn’t fight back he should just sit back and take it. Could this be Obstruction? No Mueller didn’t find Obstruction either. Presidential Harassment!
#ThankYouTour2016 12/6- North   Michiga… 
Republicans gave Obama a free pass to the White House -- they just don't get it.
Explain how the women on The View which is a total disaster since the great Barbara Walters left ever got their jobs. @abc is wasting time
....and have demanded transparency so that this Rigged and Disgusting Witch Hunt can come to a close. So many lives have been ruined over nothing - McCarthyism at its WORST! Yet Mueller &amp; his gang of Dems refuse to look at the real crimes on the other side - Media is even worse!
Congratulations to Ron DeSantis on becoming the new Governor of Florida. Against all odds he fought &amp; fought &amp; fought the result being a historic victory. He never gave up and never will. He will be a great Governor!
My interview with @ASavageNation discussing #TimeToGetTough my 2012 plans and Iraq   
Today's announcement by @BarackObama on immigration was done for reelection. He is using the office of the presidency as a campaign tool.
We need a tax system that is fair and smart--one that encourages growth savings and investment. It's time to (cont)  21:01:56,93,14,false,169164424588963840TwitLonger Beta,Look when it comes to China America better stop messing around. China sees us as a naive gullible foolish (cont) 
Lyin' Ted Cruz consistently said that he will and must win Indiana. If he doesn't he should drop out of the race-stop wasting time &amp; money
The last person corrupt Hillary Clinton wants to run against is Donald J. Trump. I'll end up beating her in every state. New Fox Poll-Trump!
Thank you!! #Trump2016 
Learn more about @TrumpIntRealty's @Mgriffithnyc and some of our spectacular real estate in NYC- 
Thanks to the historic TAX CUTS that I signed into law your paychecks are going way UP your taxes are going way DOWN and America is once again OPEN FOR BUSINESS! 
“Lifestyle unveils Trump Home brand in GCC”  via @TradeArabia
Goofy Elizabeth Warren didn’t have the guts to run for POTUS. Her phony Native American heritage stops that and VP cold.
Tom Homan fmr ICE Director: “There is nobody that has done more for border security &amp; public safety than President Trump. I’ve worked for six presidents and I respect them all but nobody has done more than this Administration &amp; President Trump that’s just a stone cold fact!”
There are great campaigns on @fundanything  Be sure to take a look and donate to one today.
Great news that @FoxNews has cancelled the additional debate. How many times can the same people ask the same question? I beat Cruz debating
Join me LIVE in Moon Township Pennsylvania at 7:00pmE. Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
Leaving for Jacksonville now. See you there! Miami was great.
Re @TWC TimeWarner I am going to be switching many of my buildings to another service—this is ridiculous!
We don't have a country- if we don't have borders. #VoteTrump Video:  
Watch as I humiliate a dais full of "talent."  #TrumpRoast airs tonight at 10:30/9:30c on Comedy Central  
Thank you Marco I agree! 
....New York and always will but unfortunately despite the fact that I pay millions of dollars in city state and local taxes each year I have been treated very badly by the political leaders of both the city and state. Few have been treated worse. I hated having to make....
I am surprised that Hugo Chavez can keep power in his weak physical condition!
I told you whenever I go to a @Yankees game the @Yankees win.
I will be on the @colbertlateshow tonight at 11:30 
Do you think they like me? 
Ted Cruz purposely and illegally did not list on his personal disclosure form personally guaranteed loans from banks. They own him!
How does @michellemalkin get a conservative platform? She is a dummy--just look at her past.
Thank you Hilton Head South Carolina! @SCTeamTrump #Trump2016  
NBC News incorrectly reported (as usual) that I was limiting the FBI investigation of Judge Kavanaugh and witnesses only to certain people. Actually I want them to interview whoever they deem appropriate at their discretion. Please correct your reporting!
Entrepreneurs: always remember that deals are fluid. Terms are always negotiable and time can be the best option for success.
The Liberal Left also known as the Democrats want to get rid of ICE who do a fantastic job and want Open Borders. Crime would be rampant and uncontrollable! Make America Great Again
Some jerk fraudulently tweeted that his parents said I was a big inspiration to them + pls RT—out of kindness I retweeted. Maybe I’ll sue.
Our thoughts and prayers are w/ the families of the 19 brave firefighters who died fighting the Arizona wildfire. God bless them.
It is being reported by virtually everyone and is a fact  that the media pile on against me is the worst in American political history!
Iran was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the U.S. came along and gave it a life-line in the form of the Iran Deal: $150 billion
Join me in Pueblo Colorado on Monday afternoon at 3pm! #
Trying to STEAL two big elections in Florida! We are watching closely!
Two dozen NFL players continue to kneel during the National Anthem showing total disrespect to our Flag &amp; Country.  No leadership in NFL!
Tonight despite everything put A-Rod in the lineup. 
Great win last night by Peyton Manning &amp; @Denver_Broncos in San Diego coming from 24 points behind on the road. Very impressive.
Leaving now for Green Bay Wisconsin - BIG CROWD will be there shortly! #MAGA
Why does the liberal media think Bill O'Reilly  (@oreillyfactor) is a complete and total vulgarian? I don't think so!
Thank you @TrumpSoHo @TrumpNewYork for helping me celebrate #agreatcause @MarineCorpsLEF while accepting the Commandant’s Leadership award!
The Federal Reserve is cutting but must further ease and most importantly come into line with other countries/competitors. We are not playing on a level field. Not fair to USA. It is finally time for the Federal Reserve to LEAD. More easing and cutting!
Crooked Hillary Clinton now blames everybody but herself refuses to say she was a terrible candidate. Hits Facebook &amp; even Dems &amp; DNC.
The First Step Act proves that our Country can achieve amazing breakthroughs when we put politics aside and put the interests of ALL Americans FIRST.  
If Mitt Romney were in the private sector &amp; he suffered the horrendous loss of 2012 do you think he’d rehire himself for 2016?—I don’t!
Stock Market hit all time high on Friday. Congratulations U.S.A.!
Via @PJMedia_com by @NicholasBallasy: “Trump Calls Election a ‘Big Blow to Obama… I Think He’s in Denial’” 
I will be on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:15" Hope you enjoy and agree!
Bob &amp; Suzanne Wright co-founders of @autismspeaks  have done an absolutely fantastic job—two real winners.  
The #G20Summit was a wonderful success and carried out beautifully by Chancellor Angela Merkel. Thank you!
The VA scandal will only get worse over the time. Our vets deserve the best care possible. We must be open to private solutions.
.@MittRomney--if Obama gets wise tonight just ask for his college records &amp; transcripts--he will quiet down quickly.
2018 is being called “THE YEAR OF THE WORKER” by Steve Moore co-author of “Trumponomics.” It was indeed a great year for the American Worker with the “best job market in 50 years and the lowest unemployment rate ever for blacks and Hispanics and all workers. Big wage gains.”
The joint statement of former presidential candidates John McCain &amp; Lindsey Graham is wrong - they are sadly weak on immigration. The two...
The Anti-Bengahzi!
Massive #MAGARally🇺🇸tonight in Indiana thank you. Everyone get out and  
Tomorrow in DC: 1 PM West Front Lawn of the Capitol. Not even believable that we would do this deal with Iran.
People love @LilJon!  #CelebApprentice
Lightweight Schneiderman's suit was filed on a Saturday (unheard of) against a school with a 98% approval rating right after Obama meeting.
Going to South Carolina now great place SRO crowd. Iowa was amazing yesterday!
The atrium of @TrumpTowerNY dressed up for Christmas- 
This was the Republicans election to win but they just blew it--reasons why to follow.
The single greatest Witch Hunt in American history continues. There was no collusion everybody including the Dems knows there was no collusion &amp; yet on and on it goes. Russia &amp; the world is laughing at the stupidity they are witnessing. Republicans should finally take control!
.@hardball_chris  is a really dumb guy(and I know him well)—that’s why he works swimmingly with our leaders in Washington.
Congratulations to @TrumpPanama for being named one of the “Best of +VIP Access” hotels for 2014 by @Expedia!
Brad Blakeman “I happen to believe as a lawyer that the charges are defective they don’t meet the Constitutional standard of high crimes and misdemeanors so I would like to see a Motion to Dismiss. At least 51 Republican Senators would agree with that-there should be no trial.”
.@ArsenioOFFICIAL  Thx for the good wishes--you are going to have a really big year!
I always treated the Chinese Virus very seriously and have done a very good job from the beginning including my very early decision to close the “borders” from China - against the wishes of almost all. Many lives were saved. The Fake News new narrative is disgraceful &amp; false!
No Collusion No Obstruction Complete and Total EXONERATION. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
“Manufacturing in U.S. Expands at Fastest Pace Since May 2004” 
Merry Christmas to all. Have a great day and have a really amazing year. Together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It will be done!
WH claims it lied about Pres. Obama living with his uncle b/c “wasn’t mentioned in his book.” I guess Bill Ayers never knew about it!
Via @bostonherald by @ChrisCassidy_BH: “Trump: `The last thing we need is another Bush'” 
Join me in Denver Colorado tonight at 9:30pm:  Scranton Pennsylvania Monday @ 5:30pm: 
ObamaCare premiums are going up up up just as I have been predicting for two years. ObamaCare is OWNED by the Democrats and it is a disaster. But do not worry. Even though the Dems want to Obstruct we will Repeal &amp; Replace right after Tax Cuts!
Go Republican Senators Go! Get there after waiting for 7 years. Give America great healthcare!
Via Politico: "Trump Extends Lead in New Hampshire Poll" 
.@jack_welch is correct--these reporters would not have been so brave while Jack was running GE.
Yesterday I spoke with the great American Grocers and Supply Chain Executives. We are confident that supply will continue to meet demand nationwide. These beacons of our community will remain open for you no matter what. We are working hard to remove any barriers to that effort!
Another big dropout of the Presidential race was along with 0% Tim Ryan 0% @RepSwalwell. Such talk and bravado from both and nothing to show. They stood for nothing and the voters couldn’t stand by them. Obnoxious and greedy politicians never make it in the end!
Cruz lies are almost as bad as Jeb's. These politicians will do anything to stay at the trough!
Total and complete Endorsement for Debbie Lesko! @RepDLesko  Love Arizona. 
Just in—all efforts to stop sexual abuse in the military have totally failed—in fact the stoppers have become the abusers.
Join me live for the commissioning ceremony of the USS Gerald R. Ford!➡️ #USA 
The attack on our Libyan consulate was the worst attack on the US since 9/11. Time for Obama to come clean.
The Failing @nytimes story on Mexico and Illegal Immigration through our Southern Border has now been proven shockingly false and untrue bad reporting and the paper is embarrassed by it. The only problem is that they knew it was Fake News before it went out. Corrupt Media!
Democrats would do much better as a party if they got together with Republicans on HealthcareTax CutsSecurity. Obstruction doesn't work!
Glad to hear @EWErickson has moved over to @FoxNews. Erick is a sharp political analyst.
.@bobvanderplaats is a total phony and con man. When I wouldn't give him free hotel rooms and much more he endorsed Cruz. @foxandfriends
Today I will be rallying with with 15000 patriots in Arizona for border security! Let's Make America Great Again! 
.@JebBush just took millions of $'s in special interest money to look like a tough guy. Will never work!
...I  trounced him in ratings &amp; Letterman beat @jayleno last Thursday. Brian—are you irrelevant?
KEEPING THE WORKPLACE SAFE ENCOURAGE YOUR EMPLOYEES TO.... 
More troops being sent to the Southern Border to stop the attempted Invasion of Illegals through large Caravans into our Country. We have stopped the previous Caravans and we will stop these also. With a Wall it would be soooo much easier and less expensive. Being Built!
Signing my tax return.... 
No such meeting or conversation ever happened - a made up story by "low ratings" @CNN.
WE WILL PROTECT OUR SOUTHERN BORDER! 
There can be few things worse in a civilized law abiding nation than a United States Senator openly and for all to see and hear threatening the Supreme Court or its Justices. This is what Chuck Schumer just did. He must pay a severe price for this!
Jobs are kicking in and companies are coming back to the U.S. Unnecessary regulations and high taxes are being dramatically Cut and it will only get better. MUCH MORE TO COME!
My great honor! 
Thank you!Mitchell FOX2 Michigan Poll finds Trump holds 3-1 lead over closest GOP opponents. Trump 47% Clinton 43% 
Is he leaving due to bad ratings or some other less important reason? 
Drug makers and companies are not living up to their commitments on pricing. Not being fair to the consumer or to our Country!
A vote for Claire McCaskill is a vote for Schumer Pelosi Waters and their socialist agenda. Claire voted IN FAVOR of deadly Sanctuary Cities - she would rather protect criminal aliens than American citizens which is why she needs to be voted out of office. Vote @HawleyMO! 
Incredible people great Rally! 
A complete Witch Hunt!
Via @IBTimes: "Miss Universe 2013: Contestants Stun in Gorgeous Gowns at National Gift Auction Gala" 
There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice.
THE WALL IS UNDER CONSTRUCTION RIGHT NOW! 
GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.! #MAGA🇺🇸 
. @BBCNews’ child molestation sex scandal is the latest in continued downward spiral of BBC.I know personally they do not check for accuracy
The Greater Miami area and numerous others are fighting hard to get the Miss Universe Pageant. A decision will be made very soon!
I know Mark Cuban well. He backed me big-time but I wasn't interested in taking all of his calls.He's not smart enough to run for president!
Via @scotsmandotcom: “Donald Trump hires top lawyer for wind farm battle” 
Despite the constant negative press covfefe

As we come together to celebrate the extraordinary contributions of African-Americans to our nation our thoughts turn to the heroes of the civil rights movement whose courage and sacrifice have inspired us all. Proclamation:  
Thank you Juliet! 
Saddened to hear about the loss of John Pinto a Navajo Code Talker in World War II over the Memorial Day Weekend. The Code Talkers are true American HEROES and John never stopped serving his fellow citizens as a longtime New Mexico State Senator. John Rest In Peace!
Is this true about Univision and Fusion? Wow!?!  
Love that Patriots won - Brady is best ever! Seahawks pass    was DUMBEST play in the history of football! Great going COACH B!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸
President said we would never leave a soldier behind. How about the 4 who died in Benghazi?
The Debate @BarackObama's mic and my Endorsement in today's #trumpvlog--- 
China has lost 5 million jobs and two million manufacturing jobs due to the Trump Tariffs. Trumps got China back on its heels and the United States is doing great. @AndyPuzder @MariaBartiromo
This is the real story. Thank you Jim! 
U.S. small businesses are truly worried about rising healthcare costs and taxes   I told you so!
Sen. McCain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. Only emboldens the enemy! He's been losing so....
After decades of our leaders allowing China to steal our jobs &amp; R&amp;D the Chinese will ‘overtake America’ in 2016 ...
My @SquawkCNBC interview re: Europe's financial mess investing in Spain Germany's economy and the future of the Euro 
.@TheBrodyFile Exclusive: @realDonaldTrump Says He Will Protect Evangelicals Better Than @tedcruz  #CBNNews #2016
....Paul Manafort came into the campaign very late and was with us for a short period of time (he represented Ronald Reagan Bob Dole &amp; many others over the years) but we should have been told that Comey and the boys were doing a number on him and he wouldn’t have been hired!
Video from Michigan last night. After asking for months the media panned their cameras!  
If the working proud and productive people of our country don't start exerting their authority and views the U.S. as we know it is doomed!
America wasted billions and precious lives in Iraq and Iran will soon take control--very very sad.
Stupid Arianna @huffingtonpost hired the man who ruined the once-great NYTimes Business Section...
Take your work seriously take yourself less seriously. It’s a great recipe for some good times &amp; great memories.
.@Morning_Joe  @mikebarnicle on @realDonaldTrump: He finished 2nd but he made the turn successfully like a pro"
Only 10 more days until the premiere of All-Star @ApprenticeNBC. On March 3rd at 9PM EST @NBC the fireworks return to the Board Room!
Via @DailyCaller by @AlexPappas: “Donald Trump To Blast Obama Trade Pact In Radio Ads: ‘A Bad Bad Deal’” 
Iran will convince our incompetent President that they are trying to help us with Iraq take over the country &amp; oil and "O" will say thanks
Congratulations @ArmyWP_Football!
I commend the hard work of Senator @SteveDaines and @SenCoryGardner in protecting funding for the Land and Water Conservation Fund for years to come. The citizens of Montana and Colorado thank you both!
Don't ever forget we will together MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
GREAT NEWS! #KAG2020🇺🇸 
Why isn't President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary Clinton?
Unbelievable evening in New Hampshire - THANK YOU! Flying to Grand Rapids Michigan now. Watch NH rally here:… 
Not only giving out money but Obama will be seen today standing in water and rain like he is a real President --- don't fall for it.
Watch this tour by @TrumpIntRealty's @M_Griffith1 of this luxurious penthouse in Trump Park Avenue-
....it’s alienating independents. This President is being persecuted over three years with one investigation after another and that really plays to his base.” @FoxNews  @cvpayne  Their partisan Witch Hunt is hurting our Country do badly &amp; only bringing more division than ever!
...The Fake News Media nowadays not only doesn’t check for the accuracy of the facts they knowingly make up the facts. They even make up sources in order to protect their partners the Democrats. It is so wrong but they don’t even care anymore. They have gone totally CRAZY!!!!
Via @PPDNews: "Donald Trump: ‘I Am Not Doing This For Fun’ We Can’t Fix U.S. ‘Unless We Put Right Person’ In WH"
My interview with @PaulWTalk on @wjrradio on behalf of @MittRomney discussing why Michigan needs to go for Romney. 
Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort. Be totally focused.
Mini Mike Bloomberg is spending a lot of money on False Advertising. I was the person who saved Pre-Existing Conditions in your Healthcare you have it now while at the same time winning the fight to rid you of the expensive unfair and very unpopular Individual  Mandate.....
The Trump Foundation has done great work and given away lots of money both mine and others to great charities over the years - with me taking NO fees rent salaries etc. Now as usual I am getting slammed by Cuomo and the Dems in a long running civil lawsuit started by.....
This is a great day for civilization. I am proud of the United States for sticking by me in following a necessary but somewhat unconventional path. People have been trying to make this “Deal” for many years. Millions of lives will be saved. Congratulations to ALL!
Gross negligence by the Democratic National Committee allowed hacking to take place.The Republican National Committee had strong defense!
Another one of me on stage. #WWEHOF 
Join me in Crosby Texas as I deliver remarks and sign Executive Orders on Energy and Infrastructure! 
Today I was thrilled to announce a commitment of $25 BILLION &amp; 20K AMERICAN JOBS over the next 4 years. THANK YOU… 
The Comedy Central Roast of Donald Trump last week was the #1 highest rated Comedy Central Roast ever...it brought in 3.5 milion viewers
I am in Paris getting ready to celebrate the end of World War One. Is there anything better to celebrate than the end of a war in particular that one which was one of the bloodiest and worst of all time?
“The Democrats are playing politics with Border Security.”  @foxandfriends
I must say that was a VERY boring debate. Biden lied when he said I want to cut Social Security and Medicare. That’s what they ALL said 4 years ago and nothing happened in fact I saved Social Security and Medicare. I will not be cutting but they will. Be careful!
Wow--just 1 day after my offer to fund all WH tours "Obama backtracks on decision to cancel all White House tours” ...
I was always a big fan of Kim Novak and still am—a wonderful actress.
Total inaction on DACA by Dems. Where are you? A deal can be made!
House Republicans should support the TWO YEAR BUDGET AGREEMENT which greatly helps our Military and our Vets. I am totally with you!
Beautiful #TrumpRally tonight in Green Bay Wisconsin with a massive crowd. Thank you for joining me I love you! #MAGA🇺🇸
Troy Balderson running for Congress from Ohio is in a big Election fight with a candidate who just got caught lying about his relationship with Nancy Pelosi who is weak on Crime Borders &amp; your 2nd Amendment-and wants to raise your Taxes (by a lot). Vote for Troy on Tuesday!
Yesterday was the Radical Left Democrats big Impeachment day. They worked so hard to make it something really big and special but had one problem - almost nobody showed up. “The Media admits low turnout for anti-Trump rallies.” @FoxNews  “All around the Country people are.......
Thank you @robertjeffress! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Against steelworkers and miners. Husband signed NAFTA.
Today it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the #USSArizona to the WH. Remarks:  
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have. --Vince Lombardi
The Brett Kavanaugh hearings for the future Justice of the Supreme Court are truly a display of how mean angry and despicable the other side is. They will say anything and are only....
Egypt is going the exact opposite of what it was. They will soon be very strongly against Israel. Thanks President Obama. @BarackObama
Facebook was always anti-Trump.The Networks were always anti-Trump henceFake News @nytimes(apologized) &amp; @WaPo were anti-Trump. Collusion?
Consumer Confidence Hits Highest Level Since December 2000 Read more:  
Mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who I know is highly respected by President Peña Nieto.
No surprise. @BarackObama is letting the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt default on their US loans   Big mistake!
Justice Ginsburg of the U.S. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. Her mind is shot - resign!
VETO!
Sounding more and more like the so-called Whistleblower isn’t a Whistleblower at all. In addition all second hand information that proved to be so inaccurate that there may not have even been somebody else a leaker or spy feeding it to him or her? A partisan operative?
I love Michigan one of the reasons we are doing such a GREAT job for them during this horrible Pandemic. Yet your Governor Gretchen “Half” Whitmer is way in over her ahead she doesn’t have a clue. Likes blaming everyone for her own ineptitude! #MAGA
Exclusive: Elise Stefanik Reflects on Her Two-Week Whirlwind 
“They’re trying to turn what was a Biden scandal into a Trump scandal.” @PeterSchweizer The problem is “Trump” did nothing wrong!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join me in Tampa Florida- tomorrow at 1pmE! Tickets:  
“I don’t know what it’s going to take. A lot of Democratic run cities all over America look like this it’s not just Baltimore unfortunately.” Kimberly Klacik Baltimore journalist  Remember Vote for Trump what the h.... do you have to lose? Best unemployment numbers!
Palm Springs CA has been destroyed--absolutely destroyed--by the world's ugliest wind farm at the Gateway on Interstate 10. Very very sad!
“No one remembers who came in second.” -  Walter Hagen
I know it is not at all “Presidential” to hit back at the Corrupt Media or people who work for the Corrupt Media when they make false statements about me or the Trump Administration. Problem is if you don’t hit back people believe the Fake News is true. So we’ll hit back!
Law Enforcement is looking into another big corruption scandal having to do with Election Fraud in #Broward and Palm Beach. Florida voted for Rick Scott!
...people not interviewed including Clinton herself. Comey stated under oath that he didn't do this-obviously a fix? Where is Justice Dept?
Lying #Ted Cruz just (on election day) came out with a sneak and sleazy Robocall. He holds up the Bible but in fact is a true lowlife pol!
These Russian individuals did their work during the Obama years. Why didn’t Obama do something about it?  Because he thought Crooked Hillary Clinton would win that’s why. Had nothing to do with the Trump Administration but Fake News doesn’t want to report the truth as usual!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends with the legendary Coach Bobby Knight- tomorrow morning. Enjoy! #INDPrimary 
.@TrumpGolfLA is ranked the top course in the West  If you're in the area book a round today.
.@MikeTyson and @SpikeLee I gave a great review of your show in my #trumpvlog 
#BigLeagueTruth 
Under my Administration Medicare Advantage premiums next year will be their lowest in the last 13 years. We are providing GREAT healthcare to our Seniors. We cannot let the radical socialists take that away through Medicare for All!
ALABAMA get out and vote for Luther Strange - he has proven to me that he will never let you down! #MAGA
Starting to look good for the highly respected Prime Minister of the Italian Republic Giuseppi Conte. Represented Italy powerfully at the G-7. Loves his Country greatly &amp; works well with the USA. A very talented man who will hopefully remain Prime Minister!
Focus on your goals not your problems. And remember--problems are a mind exercise--so enjoy the challenge.
Will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation with @JDickerson tomorrow at 10:30am EST. Enjoy!
Congratulations to @NHGOP &amp; @AFPFNH for winning control of the State House &amp; Executive Council while holding State Senate. Strong results!
Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016 
Thank you South Carolina!  
I've been visiting Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland and the course will be unmatched anywhere in the world. Spectacular!  
TRUMP &amp; CLINTON ON IMMIGRATION#Debate #BigLeagueTruth 
Our country is being torn apart from the inside--it's getting nasty out there.
Remember that I am self-funding my campaign. Hillary Jeb and the rest are spending special interest and lobbyist money.100% CONTROLLED
My @foxandfriends interview re: firing @bretmichaels on the premiere of All-Star @ApprenticeNBC &amp; politics 
Congratulations to @piersmorgan on his new position as Editor-at-Large for the United States of @MailOnline! My Apprentice champ!
What is he reading? #Oscars
I have great confidence in King Salman and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia they know exactly what they are doing....
Response to @LindseyGrahamSC:
FAKE NEWS - A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!
I think the @NewYorkObserver was far too nice to sleazebag @AGSchneiderman. He’s got plenty more to worry about!.
European Markets rose on comments (unfair to U.S.) made today by Mario D!
Have a great but very reflective President’s Day!
It is INCREDIBLE to watch and read the Fake News and how they pull out all stops to protect Sleepy Joe Biden and his thrown out of the Military son Hunter who was handed $100000 a month (PlusPlus) from a Ukrainian based company even though he had no experience in energy...
It is very important that we totally protect our Asian American community in the United States and all around the world. They are amazing people and the spreading of the Virus....
All 50 of the WORLD'S TOP 50 PLAYERS will be at TRUMP NATIONAL DORAL on Thursday - Sunday for the Cadillac World Golf Championship.
The news about our beautiful Miss Venezuela Monica Spear is devastating to all who knew her. A spectacular woman she will be missed.
Glad to hear my @foxandfriends’ Monday interview continues to get big ratings.  Great way to start your week
Despite my great respect for King Abdullah II I will not be visiting Jordan at this time. This is in response to the false @AP report.
I will Make Our Government Honest Again -- believe me. But first I'm going to have to #DrainTheSwamp in DC. 
The Republican Party will become the Party of Great HealthCare! ObamaCare is a disaster far too expensive and deductibility ridiculously high - virtually unusable! Moving forward in Courts and Legislatively!
One of the dumber and least respected of the political pundits is Chris Cillizza of the Washington Post @TheFix. Moron hates my poll numbers
.@foxandfriends   We are not looking to fill all of those positions. Don't need many of them - reduce size of government. @IngrahamAngle
“Intelligence Agencies were used against an American President.” @DevinNunes  @ShannonBream @FoxNews  This should NEVER happen to a President again! Dems are furious at Robert Mueller for his findings - NO COLLUSION NO OBSTRUCTION. Now they should go back to work and legislate!
I am heading for Canada and the G-7 for talks that will mostly center on the long time unfair trade practiced against the United States. From there I go to Singapore and talks with North Korea on Denuclearization. Won’t be talking about the Russian Witch Hunt Hoax for a while!
Just finished two major speeches in South Carolina. Big crowds great people. Going for a third now!
The Iran sanctions have officially been cast. These are the most biting sanctions ever imposed and in November they ratchet up to yet another level. Anyone doing business with Iran will NOT be doing business with the United States. I am asking for WORLD PEACE nothing less!
“The aesthetic the quality has to be carried all the way through.”  - Steve Jobs
Thanks.  
.@AlexSalmond  See photo 
Via @BreitbartNews: "‘MAJOR COUP’: DONALD TRUMP PICKS UP TOP IOWA GRASSROOTS OPERATIVE FOR POTENTIAL 2016 CAMPAIGN"

An amazing guy respected by all! 
STATEMENT FROM PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP 
Repubs must not allow Pres Obama to subvert the Constitution of the US for his own benefit &amp; because he is unable to negotiate w/ Congress.
I will be developing the two tallest towers in the Republic of Georgia.  
Defense Sec.Hagel has quit. Great news for our country. The guy didn’t have a clue—grossly outmatched by our enemies. Couldn't even speak
Donna Summer performed for me many times--she was great and will be missed. @TheDonnaSummer
Just met the new Prime Minister of Italy @GiuseppeConteIT a really great guy. He will be honored in Washington at the @WhiteHouse shortly. He will do a great job - the people of Italy got it right!
Hillary has bad judgment! 
Crazy Nancy Pelosi should spend more time in her her decaying city and less time on the Impeachment Hoax! 
....Will Robert Mueller’s big time conflicts of interest be listed at the top of his Republicans only Report. Will Andrew Weissman’s horrible and vicious prosecutorial past be listed in the Report. He wrongly destroyed people’s lives took down great companies only to be........

...Cindy has voted for our Agenda in the Senate 100% of the time and has my complete and total Endorsement. We need Cindy to win in Mississippi!
COVID-19 UPDATE 
It was my great honor to welcome the 2016 World Series Champion Chicago @Cubs ⚾️ to the @WhiteHouse this afternoon.… 
Via @PoliticalTicker: “TRENDING: Trump a right-leaning tower at CPAC”  by @KilloughCNN
A nation without borders is no nation at all. We must build a wall. Let’s Make America Great Again! 
As President I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU the American people! 
So Democrats and others can illegally fabricate a crime try pinning it on a very innocent President and when he fights back against this illegal and treasonous attack on our Country they call It Obstruction? Wrong! Why didn’t Robert Mueller investigate the investigators?
Great to see the Senate working on solutions to end the secrecy around ridiculously high drug prices something I called for in my drug pricing Blueprint. Will now work with the House to help American patients! #AmericanPatientsFirst
Kellyanne Conway went to @MeetThePress this morning for an interview with @chucktodd. Dishonest media cut out 9 of her 10 minutes. Terrible!
IMO--- Manti Te’o was involved in a hoax for sympathy to get the Heisman Trophy.
My Monday @foxandfriends interview discussing the fiscal cliff negotiations making the big deal and who has the cards 
.@NicolleDWallace is really hurting @TheView. She is boring predictable and has zero television "it" - show no longer has ratings dying!
Why should Crazy Nancy Pelosi just because she has a slight majority in the House be allowed to Impeach the President of the United States? Got ZERO Republican votes there was no crime the call with Ukraine was perfect with “no pressure.” She said it must be “bipartisan....
See when I said NATO was obsolete because of no terrorism protection they made the change without giving me credit.
....I can’t imagine any President having a better or closer relationship with their Vice President then the two of us. Just more FAKE NEWS the Enemy of the People!
As the @BarackObama's took their 16th vacation this month unemployment is back to 9% and underemployment at (cont) 
To think I signed the Whistleblower Protection Act! 
Via @Newsmax_Media by Courtney Coren: "Trump: China Gets Iraq Oil; US Gets Nothing" 
The media must immediately stop calling ISIS leaders "MASTERMINDS." Call them instead thugs and losers. Young people must not go into ISIS!
If you are steadfast in your efforts critics will be harmless. Achievers move forward and achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning.
Heading to the Great State of Minnesota!
Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren @gretawire tonight on Fox News at 10 p.m.
We will never have great national security in the age of computers - too many brilliant nerds can break codes (the old days were better).
Thank you South Carolina! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! 
Unemployment has been over 8% for a record 40 straight months. @MittRomney's election will end the @BarackObama downturn.
If Crooked Hillary Clinton can't close the deal on Crazy Bernie how is she going to take on China Russia ISIS and all of the others?
No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days &amp; it has been a lot (including S.C.) media will kill!
I will be in Louisiana tonight (Love it!) to get Republicans to vote for either of our two great Republican Candidates and force a run off with John Bel Edwards who has done a really poor job of tax cutting car insurance cost (worst in USA) &amp; is suspect on your 2nd Amendment!
Thank you Andrew. Meadow was watching and is so proud of her great father and family!
Record setting cold and snow ice caps massive! The only global warming we should fear is that caused by nuclear weapons - incompetent pols.
Great news! #MAGA 
We can't let this happen. We should march on Washington and stop this travesty. Our nation is totally divided!
Thank you to the Washington Examiner and @CortesSteve on the great article - on WINNING! 
The most important truth our FOUNDERS understood was: FREEDOM is NOT a gift from Govt. FREEDOM is a GIFT from GOD. 🎥 
Just left news conference at @TrumpTowerNY with @TheGaryBusey- people love @TheGaryBusey! 
Word is that they have far more evidence on A-Rod than they have on Ryan Braun! Alex is over.
Cruz just lied again- I am and have been totally against #ObamaCare- repeal and replace!
Ice storm rolls from Texas to Tennessee - I'm in Los Angeles and it's freezing. Global warming is a total and very expensive hoax!
Heading to Scotland to check out Turnberry &amp; Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland. Then heading to Dubai  @DamacOfficial a great company.
Don't let Obama buy the election by handing out unlimited free money to states.
Great news--Chinese companies who were fixing prices and accounting are leaving the US stock market  #TimeToGetTough
The countdown is on. The 13th season of All-Star @ApprenticeNBC premieres this Sunday March 3rd at 9PM EST on @nbc. Big!
Great quote from the late Steve Jobs: "Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower."
“The Report sounded an awful lot as being Comeyesque in other words I’m not going to charge this person (there wasn’t even close to being a crime) but I’m going to criticize him on the way out the door. That’s unfortunate because it’s stepping outside of the role.” Robert Ray
…In other words Secy John Kerry is so out of his element…
Congratulations to @AllenWest on winning last night's primary!
The U.S. has the worst of the ISIS prisoners. Turkey and the Kurds must not let them escape. Europe should have taken them back after numerous requests. They should do it now. They will never come to or be allowed in the United States!
The Republican Party will become “The Party of Healthcare!”
وزیر امور خارجه ایران می گوید ایران خواستار مذاکره با ایالات متحده است اما می خواهد که تحریم ها برداشته شود. @FoxNews @OANN   نه، مرسی! 
Still waiting for an explanation about why @GiulianaRancic &amp; @BillRancic did not name their son Donald.  Unbelievable.
.....Sorry can’t let them into our Country. If too crowded tell them not to come to USA and tell the Dems to fix the Loopholes - Problem Solved!
Welcome to the new reality. Goldman Sachs just based their new Asia Pacific chairman not in Tokyo but Beijing.  
“Dem candidates are all folks who vote with me.” – Barack Obama describing ALL Democrat Senate candidates
Joe Ricketts one of our Country’s most successful businessmen including being the owner of the Chicago Cubs has just written a great new book THE HARDER YOU WORK THE LUCKIER YOU GET. So true! Much can be learned from Joe. Go get the book!
Thoughts and prayers with the sailors of USS Fitzgerald and their families. Thank you to our Japanese allies for th… 
Thank you John you are a special guy! 
Re Miss Universe Pageant we’ve spoken w/the LGBT community in Russia who asked “please don’t leave it would send the wrong signal.”
Crooked's State Dept gave special attention to "Friends of Bill" after the Haiti Earthquake. Unbelievable! 
Check out a list of Donald Trump's books for summer reading at the Trump University Blog: 
Club For Growth tried to extort $1000000 from me. When I said NO they went hostile with negative ads. Disgraceful!

Today on this “USMCA Day of Action” thousands of grassroots supporters are urging Congress to pass the great bipartisan USMCA. USMCA = more JOBS for American workers more economic growth and more OPPORTUNITY for our farmers ranchers and businesses. #USMCAnow 
Detroit is going through very hard times right now.. If they are smart brighter days are ahead.
Barney Frank looked disgusting--nipples protruding--in his blue shirt before Congress. Very very disrespectful.
After the litigation is disposed of and the case won I have instructed my execs to open Trump U(?) so much interest in it! I will be pres.
WHERE’S HUNTER?
Congratulations on the GREAT job done by POLICE and law enforcement on the California shootings. Give credit where credit is due.
Join us tomorrow night in Charleston South Carolina! #SCPrimary #Trump2016 
Thank you to all of my Twitter followers for helping to defeat Weiner and Spitzer. Remember in the beginning they said it couldn't be done!
Via @WashTimes by @dsherfinski 
Is President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism? If he doesn't he should immediately resign in disgrace!
So proud of @FEMA Military and First Responders! Thank you! 
Keep Charlie Number One. Great Book! 
Historic Change! Obama has spent over $44M of our money on travel expenses the most for any president 
Dems have been complaining for months &amp; months about Dir. Comey. Now that he has been fired they PRETEND to be aggrieved. Phony hypocrites!
We have the greatest economy anywhere in the world. We have the greatest military anywhere in the world. Not bad!
.@JaySekulow and @RudyGiuliani on @SeanHannity moments ago... 
No president in history has lied to the American people more than President Obama - in fact it is not even close!
No matter what you're managing don't assume you can glide by. You have to work to maintain your momentum. - Trump: How to Get Rich
.@TrumpSoho has just been awarded the AAA Five Diamond Award. Congratulations to the team for this great recognition of their amazing work.
“The Conference Board said that consumer sentiment was at its highest level in nearly 17 years in November. The Consumer Confidence Index rose from 126.2 in October to 129.5 notching its best reading since December 2000...” 
In business you make decisions that are in your best interests. Time for the US gov't to do the same. Let’s Make America Great Again!
I want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Just did final purchase on fabulous @LodgeatDoonbeg in Ireland. Will become Trump International Hotel &amp; Golf Links Ireland. Very exciting!
To the @NavalAcademy Class of 2018 I say: We know you are up to the task. We know you will make us proud. We know that glory will be yours. Because you are WINNERS you are WARRIORS you are FIGHTERS you are CHAMPIONS and YOU will lead us to VICTORY! God Bless the U.S.A.! 
“When you put everything together the pro growth Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts help to retrain workers the Tariffs which encourage manufacturers to come back to America along with President Trumps tough approach on immigration (strong stance on illegals promoting Merit Based) it...
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party a record. Thank you!
YOU NEED BOTH A PUBLIC AND A PRIVATE POSITION@HillaryClinton #Debates2016 
Thank you Colorado! # 
Entrepreneurs:  Don't expect anyone to be on your side. Sometimes we're all in this alone. So believing in yourself is mandatory.
Via Int'l Business Times: Jeb Bush Got $1.3M Job at Lehman After Florida Shifted Pension Cash To Bank. 
A GREAT day in South Carolina. Record crowd and fantastic enthusiasm. This is now a movement to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.@yankees are privately ecstatic over A-Rod's latest doping bust. The evidence is damning  @yankees don't want him.
It was my honor to welcome our nation’s Mayors to the @WhiteHouse as we continue to strengthen the bonds of cooperation between federal and local governments so that we can deliver great jobs excellent schools affordable healthcare and safe communities for all of our people! 
“U.S. Winning Trade War With China In Dollars.” CNBC
China and Europe playing big currency manipulation game and pumping money into their system in order to compete with USA. We should MATCH or continue being the dummies who sit back and politely watch as other countries continue to play their games - as they have for many years!
.....This was done by the Democrats in order to make me look as bad as possible when I was successfully raising Billions of Dollars to help rebuild Puerto Rico. If a person died for any reason like old age just add them onto the list. Bad politics. I love Puerto Rico!
I will once again write a $1 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal! 
I'm honored to be presented the award of Doctor of Business Administration Honoris Causa from Robert Gordon University in Aberdeen Scotland
Donald Trump explains celebrity feuds: 'I speak the truth'  via @DigitalSpyUS
Must read @nypost editorial on $40M NYC taxpayer settlement to Central Park Thugs -- "Wilding for Profit"  
France honors a great hero. Officer died after bravely swapping places with hostage in ISIS related terror attack. So much bravery around the world constantly fighting radical Islamic terrorism. Even stronger measures needed especially at borders!
Thank you!  
They are saying that tickets to tonight's Saturday Night Live are the hardest to get in the history of this great show! Off to a good start!
Beautiful evening in Panama City Beach Florida. Thank you! #
Democrats fix the laws. Don’t RESIST. We are doing a far better job than Bush and Obama but we need strength and security at the Border! Cannot accept all of the people trying to break into our Country. Strong Borders No Crime!
“We absolutely need a physical barrier or Wall whatever you want to call it. The President yesterday laid all that out. We need to do it all including the Wall. I provided the same information to the previous administration &amp; it was ignored.” Mark Morgan Border Chief for “O”!
“What did Hunter Biden do for the money?” @SenJohnKennedy  A very good question. He and Sleepy Joe must testify!
Mini Mike. No I would rather run against you!
Excited to be heading home to see the House pass a GREAT Tax Bill with the middle class getting big TAX CUTS!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸
.@garyplayer  As a true champion you must have enjoyed how difficult but fair The Blue Monster played last weekend. Gary Player Villa loved!

Think of it the Arab League doesn't want to get involved with Syria - but they want us to do their dirty work. How stupid!
“Donald Trump launches new men's fragrance-- "Empire" -- @Macys "Because every man has his own empire to build'” 
Mainstream Media in U.S. is being mocked all over the world. They’ve gone CRAZY! 
Thanks Geraldo you're a champion. 
Kirsten Powers: Anti- Trump Operative was Aggressively Shopping Cruz Story via the Gateway Pundit: 
On behalf of all Americans I want to wish Jewish families many blessings in the New Year.  
Via @AmSpec BY Jeffrey Lord: “Donald Trump was right on Ebola”  
Thank you- Plymouth New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPrimary 
Surprise – China has spies throughout NASA stealing our R&amp;D  When will we ever make them pay for espionage?
The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive.
Iran's quest for nuclear weapons is a major threat to our nation's national security interests. We can't allow Iran to go nuclear.
Proud to welcome our great Cabinet this afternoon for our first meeting. Unfortunately 4 seats were empty because S… 
. #JoeTheismann was great as a political analyst on @FoxNews. He knows far more than football. Thanks for the nice words Joe!
KENTUCKY! #KYGov  Get out today and VOTE for @MattBevin and the entire Republican ticket!  MISSISSIPPI! #MSGov  Get out today and VOTE for @TateReeves and the entire Republican ticket!Polls are open for a few more hours find your location below! 
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
Thank you Devin. Great reflexes! 
ON MY WAY! #KAG2020🇺🇸
Thank you to the 2500+ in North Augusta South Carolina. Lines down the block! Don't forget to VOTE on Saturday! 
More than $500 million designated for Iraqi Army disappeared. Where is it? Our sad sad country--what have we come to?
Thanks Eric! 
Here is my statement. 
No matter how many witnesses you give the Democrats no matter how much information is given like the quickly produced Transcripts it will NEVER be enough for them. They will always scream UNFAIR. The Impeachment Hoax is just another political CON JOB!
Just finished a very good conversation with President Xi of China. Discussed in great detail the CoronaVirus that is ravaging large parts of our Planet. China has been through much &amp; has developed a strong understanding of the Virus. We are working closely together. Much respect!
I will be interviewed by @LouDobbs tonight on @FoxBusiness 7pm ET
Just returned to the United States after spending a GREAT Thanksgiving with our Courageous American Warriors in Afghanistan! 
Entrepreneurs:  Everything starts with you. Leadership is not a group effort--if you're in charge then be in charge.
..that this Administration has done. They don’t talk about the great economy the big tax and regulation cuts the rebuilding of the Military “Choice” at our VA our Vets Judges and Supreme Court Justices the Border Wall going up lowest crime numbers 2nd A and so much more!
Today @BarackObama will borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends from China. Just another day at the office.
Via @eonline: "Donald Trump wants Katherine Webb for Miss USA judge" 
Christians in the Middle-East have been executed in large numbers. We cannot allow this horror to continue!
Deja vu - I can remember a time when our embassies were stormed under another failed President. Obama=Carter.
Colin Montgomerie @montgomeriefdn You are not only a great golfer you are doing a great job of commentary @GolfChannel

Entrepreneurs:  If you cannot handle the tough times you will never be successful in business. Stay positive &amp; stay strong!
JOBLESS CLAIMS AT 50 YEAR LOW!
If the FBI or DOJ was infiltrating a campaign for the benefit of another campaign that is a really big deal. Only the release or review of documents that the House Intelligence Committee (also Senate Judiciary) is asking for can give the conclusive answers. Drain the Swamp!
It was an honor to be with @MittRomney the night he clinched the nomination. He will defeat @BarackObama and be a tremendous POTUS.
Sorry I don’t buy Rep. Tlaib’s tears. I have watched her violence craziness and most importantly WORDS for far too long. Now tears? She hates Israel and all Jewish people. She is an anti-Semite. She and her 3 friends are the new face of the Democrat Party. Live with it!
It is amazing that after lambasting Donald Sterling on @foxandfriends some DISHONEST press only reported my GIRLFRIEND FROM HELL statement!
Amazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of woman in U.S. political history
.@HillaryClinton’s Careless Use Of A Secret Server Put National Security At Risk:  #VPDebate#BigLeagueTruth
Today I was thrilled to join student leaders from Colleges and Universities across the country... 

CHIP should be part of a long term solution not a 30 Day or short term extension!
From the day I announced I was running for President I have NEVER had a good @FoxNews Poll. Whoever their Pollster is they suck. But @FoxNews is also much different than it used to be in the good old days. With people like Andrew Napolitano who wanted to be a Supreme....
To those many millions of people in Iraq who want freedom and who don’t want to be dominated and controlled by Iran this is your time!
Good news. Voters give @MittRomney the edge over @BarackObama on handling the economy according to @gallupnews 
When will @CNN get some real political talent rather than political commentators like Errol Louis who doesn't have a clue! Others bad also.
I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Judy Shelton Ph. D. U.S. Executive Dir European Bank of Reconstruction &amp; Development to be on the board of the Federal Reserve....
Congratulations to the Washington @Nationals 2019 World Series Champions!  
A great honor to host the @SuperBowl Champion New England @Patriots at the White House today. Congratulations!… 
“The Democrats need more than this.” @tombrokaw  Much more!
Senator Schumer and Obama Administration let phone company ZTE flourish with no security checks. I closed it down then let it reopen with high level security guarantees change of management and board must purchase U.S. parts and pay a $1.3 Billion fine. Dems do nothing....
According to new WPOST-ABC poll Obama has just lost 14 points on public trust with economy
Just spoke to @JohnKasich to express condolences and prayers to all for the horrible shooting of two great police officers from @WestervillePD. This is a true tragedy!
Consumer Sentiment hit its highest level in 17 years this year. Sentiment fell 11% in 2015 an Obama year and rose 16% since the Election #TrumpTime!
I can't believe David Letterman has announced his retirement--he is a great guy! @Letterman
Message to Obama re: Iran: “The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.” – The Art of the Deal
Look forward to seeing everyone in Indianapolis Indiana tomorrow! 
'Presidential Executive Order on the Establishment of Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity'➡️… 
Andy Roddick...a great tennis player is a fantastic guy with a wonderful wife.
My prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice France. We are with you in every way!
Quote of the Day: Donald Trump Decrees Boycott on Glenfiddich Scotch  via @Zagat
“Attorney For Anti-Trump ‘Whistleblower’ Worked For Hillary Clinton Chuck Schumer” 
Entrepreneurs:  Pay attention to your negotiation skills. It's all about persuasion and persuasion is power.
Wow! 
Marco Rubio lost big last night. I even beat him in Virginia where he spent so much time and money. Now his bosses are desperate and angry!
I don’t know why the @yankees keep paying A-Rod—they have a perfect out.
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome Argentina President @MauricioMacri and First Lady Juliana Awada to t… 
Via @TheOaklandPress "Donald Trump speaks in Novi(Michigan) draws record-breaking crowd" 
Thank you @foxandfriends. Great show!
Our hearts go out to the people of Missouri as they woke up to assess the damage from storms. You are strong and resilient and we are here to assist. 
Many people walked out on Madonna's concert when she told them to vote for Obama. Years ago I walked out because the concert was terrible!
Trump to Liberty U Students: 'The World is Laughing at Us'   Via @Newsmax_Media
The greatest influence over our election was the Fake News Media "screaming" for Crooked Hillary Clinton. Next she was a bad candidate!
....Hoax. My campaign was being seriously spied upon by intel agencies and the Democrats. This never happened before in American history and it all turned out to be a total scam a Witch Hunt that yielded No Collusion No Obstruction. This must never be allowed to happen again!
Wow I love stimulating debate and driving certain people crazy-the Generals were forced to do something they didn't want to do (not me).
Just arrived at the American Airlines Center in Dallas Texas. Will be out shortly as we wait for more of you to get in! #TRUMP2020 
Obama' ststement on Egypt was terrible and dumb-now being used by military as a rallying cry-our foreign policy is worst in U.S. history.
The Republican Party has a new STAR his name is Daniel Cameron (@djaycameron) and he is running for Attorney General of the Commonwealth of Kentucky....
American sanctions alone cannot stop Iran's nuclear drive--and @BarackObama cannot get China and Russia to agree on new Iranian sanctions.
I am not available to be in @adamcarolla's new movie #RoadHard.bit.ly/roadhardmovie
China has a backdoor into the Trans-Pacific Partnership. This deal does not address currency manipulation. China is laughing at us.
Congratulations to @MarthaMcSally on her appointment by Governor @DougDucey as the Great new Senator from Arizona - I have no doubt she will do a fantastic job!
Just as I have been predicting for years Iraq will fall to the people that hate  the U.S. the most - just outside of Baghdad."Keep the oil"
Our great Judge Jeanine Pirro is out with a new book “Liars Leakers and Liberals the Case Against the Anti-Trump Conspiracy” which is fantastic. Go get it!
Once the Bloomberg administration selected Trump to take over the very expensive and years late project I kicked "ass" and got it done fast
Response to the Des Moines Register- 
When and where will all of the many conflicts of interest be listed by the 13 Angry Democrats (plus) working on the Witch Hunt Hoax. There has never been a group of people on a case so biased or conflicted. It is all a Democrat Excuse for LOSING the Election. Where is the server?
Looking forward to joining @V4SA Tuesday 9/15 in L.A. aboard the @USSIowa - The Battleship of Presidents! Join us! 
Not good! 
Then on June 25th- back to the USA to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
No wonder @NYMag is doing so poorly with an idiot Sr. Editor like @DanAmira it will only get worse!
The face of the Democrats is now Maxine Waters who together with Nancy Pelosi have established a fine leadership team. They should always stay together and lead the Democrats who want Open Borders and Unlimited Crime well into the future....and pick Crooked Hillary for Pres.
Our country is in a major crisis of incompetent leadership. We cannot continue to go on with these politicians who do nothing but talk.
Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world except money.--Johnny Cash
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends by @ainsleyearhardt starting at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!
GAME OVER! 
69 Democrats voted in favor of the Keystone pipeline in the House this week  A major defeat for @BarackObama
the American people. I have no doubt that we will together MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Fantastic evening in Charlotte North Carolina with great PATRIOTS. Get out and VOTE for @buddforcongress and @MarkHarrisNC9!  #MAGARally replay:  
Jodi if you're listening MAKE A DEAL!
Via @fitsnews:“Donald Trump Surges In New Hampshire Poll: MOGUL REALITY STAR EMERGES AS GRANITE STATE’S ‘ANTI-BUSH’ 
Why doesn't the failing @nytimes write the real story on the Clintons and women? The media is TOTALLY dishonest!
....COMING HOME! We were supposed to be there for 30 days - That was 10 years ago. When these pundit fools who have called the Middle East wrong for 20 years ask what we are getting out of the deal I simply say THE OIL AND WE ARE BRINGING OUR SOLDIERS BACK HOME ISIS SECURED!
....the fact that I have gone through a three year vicious Witch Hunt perpetrated by the Lamestream Media in Collusion with Crooked and the Democrat Party there can be NO WAY with the greatest Economy in U.S. history that I can be losing to the Sleepy One. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
I know the "Governors" and Jeb Bush who has gone nasty with lies is by far the weakest of the lot. His family used private eminent domain!
As I told everyone once before Wiener is a sick puppy who will never change-100% of perverts go back to their ways. Sadly there is no cure
....countries that know how to play the game against the U.S. That’s actually why the E.U. was formed....and for China until now the U.S. has been “easy pickens.” The Fed has made all of the wrong moves. A small rate cut is not enough but we will win anyway!
Do not view any failure as the end. Learn your lessons quickly then move on. Do not dwell on failure. Start thinking big again.
Invoke “P” means Defense Production Act!
A big National Emergency vote today by The United States Senate on Border Security &amp; the Wall (which is already under major construction). I am prepared to veto if necessary. The Southern Border is a National Security and Humanitarian Nightmare but it can be easily fixed!
Those Republican Senators who voted in favor of Strong Border Security (and the Wall) are being uniformly praised as they return to their States. They know there is a National Emergency at the Southern Border and they had the courage to ACT. Great job!
Glad to hear that @JimTalent has put some strong anti-China referendums in the @GOP convention platform.
Donald Trump’s commercial-free WWE Raw does big rating: 
Scary &amp; Unsustainable: On Monday the US added more debt than from 1776 through Pearl Harbor 
...Trade Agreement.” @business @ChuckGrassley @joniernst @SenatorFischer @BenSasse Making great progress for our Farmers. Approved E-15 year round. Big additional list to be submitted &amp; approved within two weeks. Will be even better for Ethanol and we save our small refineries!
The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump --- and that is fact!
Oscar Pistorius only gets five years in prison for killing his girlfriend. Ridiculous decision! Judge couldn't even read her own writings.
Congratulations to @newtgingrich on a stunning win in South Carolina. All eyes are on Florida now.
Heading over to Vietnam for my meeting with Kim Jong Un. Looking forward to a very productive Summit!
Numerous patriots will be coming to Bedminster today as I continue to fill out the various positions necessary to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Great fight Champ! 
We grieve for the officers killed in Baton Rouge today. How many law enforcement and people have to...
Putin has shown the world what happens when America has weak leaders. Peace Through Strength!
So funny to watch Schumer groveling. He called for the firing of bad cop James Comey many times - UNTIL I FIRED HIM!
THANK YOU NORTH DAKOTA! #KAG2020 
Not only does ObamaCare have at least 21 new taxes but it will lead to a tremendous doctor shortfall.
Mexico will try very hard and if they do that this will be a very successful agreement for both the United States and Mexico!
I guess the magazine “Christianity Today” is looking for Elizabeth Warren Bernie Sanders or those of the socialist/communist bent to guard their religion. How about Sleepy Joe? The fact is no President has ever done what I have done for Evangelicals or religion itself!
Can you believe this fool Dr. Thomas Frieden of CDC just stated "anyone with fever should be asked if they have been in West Africa" DOPE
Bernie Sanders supporters have every right to be apoplectic of the complete theft of the Dem primary by Crooked Hillary!
As a sign of good faith Mexico should immediately stop the flow of people and drugs through their country and to our Southern Border. They can do it if they want!
“Russians had no compromising information on Donald Trump” @FoxNews  Of course not because there is none and never was. This whole Witch Hunt is an illegal disgrace...and Obama did nothing about Russia!
Thanks to @SenateMajLdr McConnell and the @SenateGOP we are appointing high-quality Federal District...
Don't be fooled. In 2008 @BarackObama promised immigration reform in his 1st yr of his 1st term. Now promising (cont) 
Congratulations to @MichaelPhelps on concluding the greatest Olympic career ever. You have made us all very proud.
.@EricTrumpFdn continues to do important work for @StJude Children’s Research Hospital. I am very proud of @EricTrump's philanthropy.
Another must read from Jeffrey Lord @amspec: “Rove Email Leaks: Ideological War Opens in GOP” 
Nothing changes from the Mueller Report. There was insufficient evidence and therefore in our Country a person is innocent. The case is closed! Thank you.
I think it is very important for the Democrats to press forward with their Green New Deal. It would be great for the so-called “Carbon Footprint” to permanently eliminate all Planes Cars Cows Oil Gas &amp; the Military - even if no other country would do the same. Brilliant!
Seth Meyers was terrible co-hosting with Kelly. Marbles in his mouth-&amp; he must stop picking at his hands--insult to the great Regis Philbin!
I am proud of the Tea Party. These great patriots have accomplished so much in strengthening our country in only 3 short years.
“Going with your instincts requires tuning in to everything around your decision.” – Think Big
....followed and then it was withdrawn. The Democrats argument for impeachment has not gotten stronger over the last few weeks. As Senator Josh Hawley just said he’s going to enter a Motion to Dismiss the Impeachment Trial because it’s never actually been brought to trial.”
Watch Miss USA 2013 Sunday night at 9 PM ET. Live from Planet Hollywood Las Vegas. 
“The American Media has changed forever. News organizations that seemed like a big deal are now extinct.  Those that remain have now degraded themselves beyond recognition like the New Yorker - or they’ve been purchased by Jeff Bezos to conduct unregistered lobbying for.........
By raiding the defense budget to pay for his failed social programs @BarackObama continues to weaken our (cont)  15:43:53,78,12,false,170533935955197954TwitLonger Beta,I've got news for President @BarackObama: America is not what's wrong with the world. I don't believe we need (cont) 
My wife @MELANIATRUMP will be #OnTheRecord w/ @greta tonight at 7pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy!  
Wind turbines are a scourge to communities and wildlife. They are environmental disasters.
I took a failed club in Dutchess County &amp; made it a great success plus many jobs. @KieranLalor should be thankful.
Thank you Jacksonville Sheriff’s Office! #HurricaneMichael 
“The New York Times walks back report on Kavanaugh assault claim.” @foxandfriends  The one who is actually being assaulted is Justice Kavanaugh - Assaulted by lies and Fake News! This is all about the LameStream Media working with their partner the Dems.
Entrepreneurs: Take responsibility for yourself. It's a very empowering attitude.
Just spoke to the King of Saudi Arabia who denies any knowledge of whatever may have happened “to our Saudi Arabian citizen.” He said that they are working closely with Turkey to find answer. I am immediately sending our Secretary of State to meet with King!
Chuck Schumer sat for years during the Obama Administration and watched as China ripped off the United States. He &amp; the Do Nothing Democrats did NOTHING as this $ carnage took place. Now without even seeing it he snipes at our GREAT new deal with China. Too bad Cryin’ Chuck!
The 2013 Trump @MissUniverse Pageant comes to Moscow on November 9th.  Airing from Crocus City Hall on @nbc!
Great Republican vote today on Disaster Relief Bill. We will now work out a bipartisan solution that gets relief for our great States and Farmers. Thank you to all. Get me a Bill that I can quickly sign!
The polls have shown that DEAD PEOPLE voted for President Obama overwhelmingly and without hesitation - he must be doing something right!
Honor Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! We love them.
In a letter to her House colleagues Nancy Pelosi said: “President Trump had a temper tantrum for us all to see.” This is not true. I was purposely very polite and calm much as I was minutes later with the press in the Rose Garden. Can be easily proven. It is all such a lie!
Just 30 minutes from Manhattan @TrumpNationalNY is Westchester’s most elite club offering a 7291 yard course 
Join our next Vice President @Mike_Pence in Wisconsin tonight &amp; Michigan Thursday!MI:  
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is driving business &amp; jobs out of NY. Only wants self publicity—a total loser!
The Great Jerry West will be receiving our Nation’s highest civilian honor The Presidential Medal of Freedom for his outstanding career both on and off the court. Happy Birthday Jerry! @Sen_JoeManchin 
Be sure to listen to my interview today w/@SteveMTalk on @Newsmax_Media  Congratulations to Steve on his new show!
Economic confidence is soaring as we unleash the power of private sector job creation and stand up for the American Workers. #AmericaFirst
Congratulations to Eric &amp; Lara on the birth of their son Eric "Luke" Trump this morning! 
I am happy to have started #ObamasFavoriteCharity. Really enjoying reading everyone's tweets.
There's only only one person who has defunded Medicare. His name is @BarackObama.
2019 HOLIDAY RETAIL SALES WERE UP 3.4% FROM LAST YEAR THE BIGGEST NUMBER IN U.S. HISTORY. CONGRATULATIONS AMERICA!
In just out book Secret Service Agent Gary Byrne doesn't believe that Crooked Hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the president!
I think everyone will like my new and very successful book Crippled America. Go get it and let me know what you think!
Don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best. That's a shortcut to undermining your own potential.
Amazing--my tweets are covered across every spectrum from @espn to @politico to @WSJ.
Obama's economic policies are causing inflation on hard working families. The price of corn alone has risen over 200% since he was elected.
Thank you Matt. 
Our great Republican Congressman John Ratcliffe is being treated very unfairly by the LameStream Media. Rather than going through months of slander and libel I explained to John how miserable it would be for him and his family to deal with these people....
Restoring American wealth will require that we get tough. The next president must understand that America's (cont)  21:10:08,44,10,false,172790368721575936TwitLonger Beta,We are the greatest country the world has ever known. I make no apologies for this country my pride in it or (cont) 
NYC's sole hammam The Spa at @TrumpSoHo offers classic treatments inspired by wellness rituals f/around the world 
Much of the Wall being built at the Southern Border is a complete demolition and rebuilding of old and worthless barriers with a brand new Wall and footings. Problem is the Haters say that is not a new Wall but rather a renovation. Wrong and we must build where most needed....
“If they try to Impeach President Trump who has done nothing wrong (No Collusion) they will end up getting him re-elected” @LindseyGrahamSC Impeachment is for High Crimes and Misdemeanors. There were no High Crimes and Misdemeanors except for those committed by the other side!
The great USMCA Trade Deal (Mexico &amp; Canada) has been sitting on Nancy Pelosi’s desk for 8 months she doesn’t even know what it says &amp; today after passing by a wide margin in the House Pelosi tried to take credit for it. Labor will vote for Trump. Trade deal is great for USA!
Obama’s VA Secretary just said we shouldn't measurewait times. Hillary says VA problems are not ‘widespread.’ I will take care ofour vets!
Beautiful #MAGARally tonight in Grand Rapids Michigan - thank you I love you! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
James Comey’s Memos are Classified I did not Declassify them. They belong to our Government! Therefore he broke the law! Additionally he totally made up many of the things he said I said and he is already a proven liar and leaker. Where are Memos on Clinton Lynch &amp; others?
Wonderful @pastormarkburns was attacked viciously and unfairly on @MSNBC by crazy @morningmika on low ratings @Morning_Joe. Apologize!
Again don’t forget to watch @hannityshow tonight on Fox at 9 o’clock EST.
Find out what Success smells like. I'll be @Macys Herald Square April 18 5:30pm to sign my new fragrance; first (cont) 
No surprise serial sexter Anthony continues to be a sick pervert. He was sexting a 'young' girl last summer 
If you read my last number of tweets only one opinion can be formed - that our President and therefore "leader" is grossly incompetent!
Via @WSJ: “The ObamaCare Awakening: Americans are losing their coverage by political design.” 
....an attack in Kabul that killed one of our great great soldiers and 11 other people. I immediately cancelled the meeting and called off peace negotiations. What kind of people would kill so many in order to seemingly strengthen their bargaining position? They didn’t they....
Why do @ShannonBream &amp; @FoxNews waste airtime on Democrat Rep. Eric Swalwell who recently left the Presidential Primaries having attained a grand number of ZERO in the polls. I don’t even know how that is possible. Fox should stay with the people that got them there not losers!
After having been treated unbelievably unfairly in the House and then having to endure hour after hour of lies fraud &amp; deception by Shifty Schiff Cryin’ Chuck Schumer &amp; their crew looks like my lawyers will be forced to start on Saturday which is called Death Valley in T.V.
Just stopped in Alaska and said hello to our GREAT troops! 
David Letterman's show has become so boring and mundane. Somehow every time I look I can't help thinking of (cont) 
I told you @TIME Magazine would never pick me as person of the year despite being the big favorite They picked person who is ruining Germany
.@MannyPacquiao was robbed in his title fight on Saturday night. No wonder boxing is dying. Bring back the 15 round fights.
Leaving the GREAT STATE of OHIO for the @WhiteHouse. A really great day!
We should not attack Syria but if they make the stupid move to do so the Arab Leaguewhose members are laughing at us should pay!
Boring &amp; failing @NYMag’s 3rd rate political reporter @jheil had flunky @DanAmira write a totally false report about me today......
Will be going to Pennsylvania today in order to give my total support to RICK SACCONE running for Congress in a Special Election (March 13). Rick is a great guy. We need more Republicans to continue our already successful agenda!
“Ford has abruptly killed a plan to sell a Chinese-made small vehicle in the U.S. because of the prospect of higher U.S. Tariffs.” CNBC.  This is just the beginning. This car can now be BUILT IN THE U.S.A. and Ford will pay no tariffs!
Via @BreitbartNews by @ASwoyer: "Exclusive: Trump Slams Obamatrade Stands Up For American Jobs"
Statement from President Donald J. Trump Regarding Turkey’s Actions in Northeast Syria 
One of the hardest jobs in politics must be cleaning up after @JoeBiden gaffes. I feel sorry for his spokespeople.
Go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
Be on time. Wasting other people's time due to poor planning and thoughtlessness will only leave a bad impression. - Think Like a Champion
I greatly appreciate Nancy Pelosi’s statement against impeachment but everyone must remember the minor fact that I never did anything wrong the Economy and Unemployment are the best ever Military and Vets are great - and many other successes! How do you impeach....
We must not allow ISIS to return or enter our country after defeating them in the Middle East and elsewhere. Enough!
Huge crowd expected tomorrow night! VT Police say first come first serve. Arrive early!
Obamacare premiums continue to rise and bend up the cross curve. And the back-end of the website does not even work.
THANK YOU! #MAGA #KAG 
Cryin’ Chuck never had what it takes and never will! 
These crimes won't be happening if I'm elected POTUS. Killer should have never been here. #AmericaFirst 
Watch the 2011 #MissUniverse Pageant tonight at 9PM on NBC... 
No matter how good the replacement refs do they will be soundly criticized--they can't win!
#SuccessByTrump Here’s a photo from my appearance at @Macy's Herald Square with @ximenanr 
Too bad about New York Magazine but there's a much bigger one out there currently doing a story on me to get even that I'll soon discuss!
.@bovanpelt. Bo I heard you were great at Trump National Westchester - I am not at all surprised. Keep playing well you are a winner!
Amazing. People are sending letters of support for @TrumpChicago’s sign to my other properties including even @TrumpScotland. Thank you!
Be nice if Spike Lee could read his notes or better yet not have to use notes at all when doing his racist hit on your President who has done more for African Americans (Criminal Justice Reform Lowest Unemployment numbers in History Tax Cutsetc.) than almost any other Pres!
“Presidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Aluminum into the United States”  Proclamation:   
Is Cruz honest? He is in bed w/ Wall St. &amp; is funded by Goldman Sachs/Citi low interest loans. No legal disclosure &amp; never sold off assets.
Wow - thank you Pensacola FL. See you Friday at 7pm -- join me! 
Congratulations to Virginia - Great game!
“No matter how good you get you can always get better and that's the exciting part.” - @TigerWoods
.@CGasparino  Good seeing you. Keep up the great work never stop!
I don't know how Al Michaels could have been drunk and arrested on Friday night if he was totally sharp on Saturday morning.
The U.S. is now "begging" Russia to give back Edward Snowden. In a letter they promised no death penalty for the traitor. No respect!
Via @DMRegister:  “@ShawnJohnson returns to reality TV with Donald Trump”  
Wow the final ratings for the Miss Universe Pageant show that it won in all key demos - number one on Sunday. I have a winner!
I look forward to tonight's "debate" -- but look far more forward to making America great again. It can happen!
Obama will let Ebola fly into US &amp; drugrunners cross our border daily. But he won't pressure Mexico on Sgt. Tahmooressi. #FreeOurMarine
The Legendary Henry Ford and Alfred P. Sloan the Founders of Ford Motor Company and General Motors are “rolling over” at the weakness of current car company executives willing to spend more money on a car that is not as safe or good and cost $3000 more to consumers. Crazy!
Via @Newsmax_Media by @wandacarruthers: "Donald Trump: US Defeating ISIS Only in John Kerry's Imagination" 
Young Entrepreneurs – the Holiday season is here but that is no excuse not to stay on top of your business prospects. Focus!
Prayers go out to the victims of the terrible fire in New Jersey. Stay strong and remember it will soon get better.
1.   Each week you the audience can choose an MVP among the celebrities @CelebApprentice using Twitter…...
.@RNC report was written by the ruling class of consultants who blew the election. Short on ideas. Just giving excuses to donors.
Wonderful to be in North Dakota with the incredible hardworking men &amp; women @ the Andeavor Refinery. Full remarks: 🎥 
Congresswoman Maxine Waters was called the most Corrupt Member of Congress! @FoxNews If Dems win she would be put in charge of our Country’s finances. The beginning of the end!
The Republican platform is most pro-Israel of all time!
“WE’RE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT.” Can you believe this is the Governor of the Highest Taxed State in the U.S. Andrew Cuomo having a total meltdown!
. @deesnider is a great guy &amp; a total winner! He understood - he did not leave me any other choice. Look forward to keeping in touch.
I guess I have reached yet another "ceiling"  - 49.7% with four people. My highest Reuters poll yet! Thank you! 
Donald Trump is confident that Ireland is ready for a big comeback  via @independent_ie by @AnitaActually
The reason great dealmakers do not OPENLY celebrate a deal especially one that is not complete is that it shows weakness to the other side
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing #TRUMPTUESDAYS high ratings @ToddAkin's statement &amp; @MittRomney's policies  
Where is the Fake Whistleblower?
Great piece on Extra tonight re. Celebrity Apprentice!
The American economy would grow if Washington didn’t keep threatening higher taxes and more regulations. Government is not the solution.
Trump Int'l Hotel Washington D.C.: The iconic Old Post Office Building will be one of the world's great hotels. 
Getting ready for my big foreign trip. Will be strongly protecting American interests - that's what I like to do!
The reason you don't generally hit runways is that they are easy and inexpensive to quickly fix (fill in and top)!
Obama is laughing at Karl Rove &amp; all the losers who spent hundreds of millions of dollars and didn’t win one race including the big one!
“You can’t dispel this mood of positive energy.”  @Varneyco  The Economy is Great!
Are you a Democrat running in a race you should lose? Get @KarlRove to run an ad against you and you will win.
Ben Smith (is that really his last name?) of @BuzzFeed is a total mess who probably got his minion Coppins to do what he didn't want to do?
I will be going to Texas and Louisiana tomorrow with First Lady. Great progress being made! Spending weekend working at White House.
Congress’ greatest card against Obama is the power of the purse. Use it!
New polling shows that the totally partisan Impeachment Hoax is going nowhere. A vast majority want the Do Nothing Democrats to move on to other things now!
People do not assume this but more than anything else I like helping people. Be at Trump Tower at 11 AM today.
Our two national constitutions both begin with the same three beautiful words: “We the people.” That means that in America and India alike we honor respect trust empower and fight for the citizens we proudly serve! 🇺🇸🇮🇳 
By empowering the Radical Left Democrats do nothing Kentucky politician @RepThomasMassie is making their War on the 2nd Amendment more and more difficult to win (But don’t worry we will win anyway!). He is a disaster for America and for the Great State of Kentucky!
Mini Mike Bloomberg just “quit” the race for President. I could have told him long ago that he didn’t have what it takes and he would have saved himself a billion dollars the real cost. Now he will pour money into Sleepy Joe’s campaign hoping to save face. It won’t work!
My sons Don and Eric are on @foxandfriends now 7:35. Great kids enjoy!
Andy McCabe is a major sleazebag. Among many other things he took massive amounts of money from Crooked Hillary reps for wife’s campaign while Hillary was under “investigation” by FBI! 
Department of Homeland Security has spent $3.5 billion dollars building their new headquarters and is years late and billions over budget!
To everyone on the Gulf Coast: As you make preparations to protect your homes &amp; loved ones from flooding &amp; the coming storm it is imperative that you heed the directions of @FEMA State &amp; Local Officials. We are working closely w/ them. Please be prepared be careful &amp; be SAFE!
It is time Republicans stop attacking each other and focus on @BarackObama. America cannot survive a second term.
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more.  Get YOURS today!  
The sad truth is some Republicans in Congress are clueless when it comes to negotiation.  #TimeToGetTough
.@NRO  Really important to save National Review from going out of business. We need a true conservative voice!
God bless the people of Mexico City. We are with you and will be there for you.
Just a few more days until the 13th season of All-Star @CelebApprentice premieres.  Be sure to tune in this Sunday at 9PM on @nbc. Big!
Sadly I was forced to cancel the Summit Meeting in Singapore with Kim Jung Un. 
My @foxandfriends int. @FoxNewsInsider “'Once a Choker Always a Choker': DJT Takes Credit for Romney Dropping Out” 
We have just purchased many Ventilators from some wonderful companies. Names and numbers will be announced later today!
Despite the tremendous success that I have had as President including perhaps the greatest ECONOMY and most successful first two years of any President in history they have stolen two years of my (our) Presidency (Collusion Delusion) that we will never be able to get back.....
Don't forget to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 on NBC - GREAT EPISODE!
I am the only person in America who could say that “I’m bringing our great troops back home with victory” and get BAD press. It is Fake News and Pundits who have FAILED for years that are doing the complaining. If I stayed in Endless Wars forever they would still be unhappy!
Join me LIVE in Washington Michigan at 7:00pmE on @FoxNews! #MAGA
Team Power+@LilJon= Spielberg?  Let’s find out. #CelebApprentice
The writer of the now proven false story in the @nytimes Michael Barbaro who was interviewed on CBS this morning was unable to respond.
.....you keep forgetting to mention the fragrance "Success"!
The Failing @nytimes in a story by Peter Baker should have mentioned the rapid terminations by me of TPP &amp; The Paris Accord &amp; the fast....
According to Bill O'Reilly 80% of all the shootings in New York City are blacks-if you add Hispanics that figure goes to 98%. 1% white.
With our record debt &amp; trillion $ deficits our $ is now at an all-time low against the Chinese Yuan. Time for our gov't to work together.
Club for Growth is the group that came to my office seeking $1 million dollars. I told them no and now they are doing negative ads.
.@HollySandersGC. Remember it was Martin K who sank the big ten footer to win the Ryder Cup. He can handle the pressure!
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
Big increase in traffic into our country from certain areas while our people are far more vulnerable as we wait for what should be EASY D!
Thank you @RepReneeEllmers! 
China is driving the price of gold up in order to ease pressure against Iranian sanctions. 
It was truly an honor to introduce my wife Melania. Her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible. Very proud! #GOPConvention
Celebrity Apprentice will be rebroadcast tonight at 9 on CNBC.
A mediocre person tells. A good person explains. A superior person demonstrates....
... and opened a full month ahead of schedule.  Case is taught in Wharton.
With panoramic views of Central Park &amp; the Manhattan skyline 5 Star @TrumpNewYork offers 176 newly  renovated rooms 
46 stories in the center of downtown New York @TrumpSoHo’s 391 spacious rooms each have floor-to-ceiling windows 
.@mystikangel  Bring @johnrich back? He is back!
William Barr is arriving at a Justice Department that desperately needs an infusion of credibility writes @KimStrassel  via @WSJ
....Lake Okeechobee and all of the hurricane money were a passion for Rick Scott who called endlessly on behalf of the People of Florida. Vote @ScottforFlorida!
Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office “begging” for campaign contributions not so long ago (and would do anything for them) is now in the ring fighting against Trump. Very disloyal to Bill &amp; Crooked-USED!
Massive crowds inside and outside of the @ToyotaCenter in Houston Texas. Landing shortly - see everyone soon! #MAGA🇺🇸 
#FoxNews Poll - THANK YOU!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
I want to thank Chairman Kim for taking the first bold step toward a bright new future for his people. Our unprecedented meeting – the first between an American President and a leader of North Korea – proves that real change is possible! 
I look forward to Saturday night and being inducted into the @WWE Hall of Fame.
Thank you Mr. Wonderful I like you too! @kevinolearytv @CNBC 
“Donald J. Trump is an absolutely historic President already in less than 3 years in office. His record is there for everyone to look at &amp; to examine and compare. This is an illegitimate effort to overthrow a President not a formal Impeachment inquiry.” @LouDobbs  Thank you Lou
“The kind of questions the White House Correspondents were asking is almost like they didn’t see what went on at the hearings!” @JesseBWatters  The hearings were a disaster for Robert Mueller &amp; the Democrats. Nevertheless the Fake News Media will try to make the best out of it!
... where he raised 2 million dollars for the wonderful kids. Eric has a great heart!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30. Things are looking good had a great Easter-look forward to spending the week in Wisconsin!
The Senate must go to a 51 vote majority instead of current 60 votes. Even parts of full Repeal need 60. 8 Dems control Senate. Crazy!
Breitbart gets it! Vote now--@BarackObama should release his college application records and grades. He says he (cont) 
.@Lord_Sugar  If you didn’t say the iPod would be gone in a year you might have been really rich instead of the peanut money you have.
It just shows everyone how broken and unfair our Court System is when the opposing side in a case (such as DACA) always runs to the 9th Circuit and almost always wins before being reversed by higher courts.
.@WesleyHuntTX is running for Congress in the Great State of Texas. He will help us accomplish our America First policies. Wesley is strong on Crime the Border our 2nd Amendment Trade Military and Vets. Wesley has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Thanks to all for the wonderful congratulation sent to me on the birth of Ivanka's little boy - so nice!
We are building the Wall now but the reason the badly needed Wall wasn’t approved in the Republican controlled House and Senate was that we had a very slim majority in the Senate &amp; needed 9 Democrat votes. They were totally unwilling to give Wall votes to us want Open Borders!
The five prisoners our government so stupidly released for one pathetic traitor are now fighting and killing for ISIS-BAD DEAL! Courtmarshal
Ivanka is now on Twitter - You can follow her @IvankaTrump - Have a terrific weekend!
He thinks that the wealth you create belongs to the gov't. @BarackObama doesn't respect the fact that the money he wastes belongs to us.
Can anyone even imagine having Spies placed in a competing campaign by the people and party in absolute power for the sole purpose of political advantage and gain? And to think that the party in question even with the expenditure of far more money LOST!
Landing in Montana now to support Matt Rosendale for U.S. Senate! #MAGA 
Apprentice ratings doing great - easily won the 10 o'clock hour over other networks!
More than anything else the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats like AOC Omar Cryin’ Chuck Nervous Nancy &amp; Shifty Schiff are angry &amp; “deranged” over the fact that Republicans are up to 191 Federal Judges &amp; Two Great New Supreme Court Justices. Don’t blame me blame Obama!
The @washingtonpost which is the lobbyist (power) for not imposing taxes on #Amazon today did a nasty cartoon attacking @tedcruz kids. Bad
.@DannyZuker I'm in front of the camera and behind the camera- just looked at your picture you'll never be in front of the camera!
Republicans Senators are working hard to pass the biggest Tax Cuts in the history of our Country. The Bill is getting better and better. This is a once in a generation chance. Obstructionist Dems trying to block because they think it is too good and will not be given the credit!
Nelson Mandela and myself had a wonderful relationship--he was a special man and will be missed. 
Every time you see a Caravan or people illegally coming or attempting to come into our Country illegally think of and blame the Democrats for not giving us the votes to change our pathetic Immigration Laws! Remember the Midterms! So unfair to those who come in legally.
The World Trade Organization finds that the European Union subsidies to Airbus has adversely impacted the United States which will now put Tariffs on $11 Billion of EU products! The EU has taken advantage of the U.S. on trade for many years. It will soon stop!
Republicans and Democrats MUST come together finally with a major Border Security package which will include funding for the Wall. After 40 years of talk it is finally time for action. Fix the Border for once and for all NOW!
The immigration crisis is a horrible mess made worse by an incompetent president who doesn't have a clue. We need new leadership FAST!
This is an incredible MOVEMENT- WE are going to take our country BACK! #November8th #BigLeagueTruth #Debate 
Discovery breeds discovery as in success breeds success. Questions are thoughts with a quest. -- Think Like a Champion
Congratulations to @tatereeves on winning Governor of the Great State of Mississippi. Our big Rally on Friday night moved the numbers from a tie to a big WIN. Great reaction under pressure Tate!
I am a defender of @MileyCyrus who I think is a good person (and not because she stays at my hotels) but last night's outfit must go!
Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. Keep your focus intact!
Last October on @meetthepress @chucktodd attacked @jack_welch and I for saying Obama cooked the job number. Will he apologize?
Broken borders $18T debt ObamaCare failing &amp; over budget. Don’t worry our president is still fundraising  Priorities
Great Kevin McCarthy drops out of SPEAKER race. We need a really smart and really tough person to take over this very  important job!
.@joycefinance #asktrump 
.@MacMiller's "Donald Trump" just hit 60 million hits. Maybe I should go into a new business.
My interview with Don Imus on @77WABCradio discussing my @RNC convention surprise &amp; @MittRomney's China policy 
Thank you @GeraldoRivera @FoxandFriends. Agree! 
The U.S. should not be giving away our strategy &amp; tactics to the enemy so they can prepare. Just go and do what you have to do!
The White House Correspondents’ Dinner was a failure last year but this year was an embarrassment to everyone associated with it. The filthy “comedian” totally bombed (couldn’t even deliver her lines-much like the Seth Meyers weak performance). Put Dinner to rest or start over!
Just landed in South Carolina - will be at the McMaster rally shortly! #MAGA
“When you have confidence you can have a lot of fun. And when you have fun you can do amazing things.” - @RealJoeNamath
Through massive devaluation of their currency and pumping vast sums of money into their system the tens of billions of dollars that the U.S. is receiving is a gift from China. Prices not up no inflation. Farmers getting more than China would be spending. Fake News won’t report!
Working hard thank you! #MAGA 
Everybody is now acknowledging that right from the time I announced my run for President I was 100% correct on the Border. Remember the heat I took? Democrats should now get rid of the loopholes. The Border is being fixed. Mexico will not let people through!
Just landed in Paris France with @FLOTUS Melania. 
For China of all nations to search the massive Indian Ocean and pick up the ping from the black box of flight 370 sounds a bit far fetched
Whether you think you can or think you can't--you're right.  Henry Ford
This Sunday's All-Star @ApprenticeNBC features some of the biggest fireworks of the entire season. Get ready.
Do you know how many years @TheRealMarilu starred on Taxi? #CelebApprentice
Hard to believe that the Democrats who have gone so far LEFT that they are no longer recognizable are fighting so hard for Sanctuary crime
Very productive bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Benjamin @Netanyahu of Israel - in Davos Switzerland! #WEF18 
The Wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her unless he is a fraud!
The ring announcers are working hard to justify the Mayweather victory. They should be ashamed of themselves! A TOTAL JOKE.
If these guys have any integrity they'd say no to MSNBC -- a network that few watch and is very negative. @AndrewBreitbart re debate.
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM. Tune in!
Great! 
We had a great News Conference at Trump Tower today. A couple of FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the people truly get what's going on
The Palestinian terror attack today reminds the world of the grievous perils facing Israeli citizens....continued:
Just signed 702 Bill to reauthorize foreign intelligence collection. This is NOT the same FISA law that was so wrongly abused during the election. I will always do the right thing for our country and put the safety of the American people first!
This Sunday’s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC has the most beautiful boardroom judges ever w/ @IvankaTrump &amp; @MELANIATRUMP together!

#ICYMI: Governor @mike_pence and I were in Valley Forge Pennsylvania today. You can watch it here:… 
Congratulations to Judge Jeanine on the tremendous success of her new #1 best-selling book “Liars Leakers and Liberals – The Case Against the Anti-Trump Conspiracy!”
Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. Honor him for being the great man that he was!
...I campaigned on getting out of Syria and other places. Now when I start getting out the Fake News Media or some failed Generals who were unable to do the job before I arrived like to complain about me &amp; my tactics which are working. Just doing what I said I was going to do!
THANK YOU BILL! 
Mar-a-Lago my club in Palm Beach and one of the greatest mansions ever built has been nominated as one of (cont) 
What do you think Obama will do when Putin seizes Alaska?
“As someone once put it ‘Marriage is the greatest ‘anti-poverty’ program God ever created.’” #TimeToGetTough
Twitter “SHADOW BANNING” prominent Republicans. Not good. We will look into this discriminatory and illegal practice at once! Many complaints.
The Republicans look so weak and foolish—what the hell are they doing?
An absolute disgrace! 
To have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system. Almost every (cont)  13:04:52,68,6,false,185351822758780928TwitLonger Beta,What's incredible is that @Obamacare hasn't even kicked in yet and aleady it's doing tremendous damage." (cont) 
Great news - @BarbaraJWalters has fully recovered and will be back on @theviewtv this coming Monday.  Barbara is wonderful!
Rasmussen just came out at 51% Approval despite the Fake News Media. They were one of the three most accurate on Election Day. Just about the most inaccurate were CNN and ABC News/Washington Post and they haven’t changed (get new pollsters). Much of the media is a Scam!
Dopey @Lawrence O’Donnell whose unwatchable show is dying in the ratings said that my Apprentice $ numbers were wrong. He is a fool!
.@WSJ Editorial Board should review my debate statement re China and T.P.P. and apologize. China not part but will get their way in later.
Great morning of golf with Prime Minister @AbeShinzo at Mobara Country Club in Chiba Japan! 
I'm leading big in every poll and we are going to WIN! Remember Trump NEVER gives up!
The media was able to get my work schedule something very easy to do but it should have been reported as a positive not negative. When the term Executive Time is used I am generally working not relaxing. In fact I probably work more hours than almost any past President.....
I will be announcing my decision on the Iran Deal tomorrow from the White House at 2:00pm.
My thoughts are with all those observing Yom Kippur the holiest day of the Jewish year. 
'WikiLeaks Drip-Drop Releases Prove One Thing: There's No Nov. 8 Deadline on Clinton's Dishonesty and Scandals'
My @foxandfriends int. destroying Schneiderman’s frivolous suit which he brought after meeting Obama on Thurs. 
Why does @BarackObama have such a fascination with my plane? He is more than welcomed to come for a ride.
Where is the Whistleblower who gave so much false information? Must testify along with Schiff and others!
The Left has become totally unhinged. They no longer care what is Right for our Countrty!
Happy Birthday @IvankaTrump! You are an amazing daughter!
When a car is sent to the United States from China there is a Tariff to be paid of 2 1/2%. When a car is sent to China from the United States there is a Tariff to be paid of 25%. Does that sound like free or fair trade.  No it sounds like STUPID TRADE -  going on for years!
A smart negotiator would use the leverage of our dollars our laws and our armed forces to get a better deal (cont)  16:41:09,76,18,false,185768637083287552Twitter Web Client,The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it." #TheArtofTheDeal
Donald Trump retains national lead in new ABC News/WaPo poll with 37%:  

Despite the Fake News Media in conjunction with the Dems an amazing job is being done in Puerto Rico. Great people!
The failing @nytimes wrote a Fake piece today implying that because White House Councel Don McGahn was giving hours of testimony to the Special Councel he must be a John Dean type “RAT.” But I allowed him and all others to testify - I didn’t have to. I have nothing to hide......
Will be doing a press conference today at 5:00 P.M. The White House. People are working harder than I have ever seen people work. It is a beautiful thing to watch!
...Hopefully we will never have to use this power but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world!
Jobless claims rose yet again last week  @BarackObama's economic record is abysmal--we can do much better.
“Lisa Page Testimony- NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION BEFORE MUELLER APPOINTMENT.” @FoxNews by Catherine Herridge. Therefore the case should never have been allowed to be brought. It is a totally illegal Witch Hunt!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
“Once you know you love your job never stop and never give up.” – Think Like a Billionaire
Spoke yesterday with the King of Saudi Arabia about peace in the Middle-East. Interesting things are happening!
Jeanne Shaheen wants amnesty for illegals placed the deciding vote for  ObamaCare &amp; opposes the 2nd Amendment. Vote her out in November!
Via @WPOffshore: “Donald Trump's Blackdog victory” 
Out of our very big country with many choices does everyone notice that both the "ban" case and now the "sanctuary" case is brought in ...
Just out Nevada poll shows Jeb Bush at 1% he should take his dumb mouthpiece @LindseyGrahamSC and just go home.
Democrats had to quickly take down a tweet called “Kids In Cages Inhumane Treatment at the Border” because the horrible picture used was from the Obama years. Very embarrassing! @foxandfriends
Thank you for you support Virginia! In ONE DAY - get out and #VoteTrumpPence16! #ICYMI:  
Our economy cannot stay competitive with policies like these: @BarackObama is proposing over $90 Billion in new regulations.
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY TO EVERYONE!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood just made its first visit to Hamas-led Gaza. Why did @BarackObama promote the "Arab Spring"?
I got Impeached last night without one Republican vote being cast with the Do Nothing Dems on their continuation of the greatest Witch Hunt in American history. Now the Do Nothing Party want to Do Nothing with the Articles &amp; not deliver them to the Senate but it’s Senate’s call!
On my way to the Great State of South Carolina. See everyone soon! #MAGA #KAG 
I am watching @FoxNews and how fairly they are treating me and my words and @CNN and the total distortion of my words and what I am saying
“Winning is habit. Unfortunately so is losing.” - Vince Lombardi
The US is stupidly closing all of its coal fired plants while at the same time we're selling our coal to (cont) 
.@ArceePalabrica @realDonaldTrump "Midas Touch is the manual for entrepreneurs who want to succeed. Thanks for sharing your knowledge"
Instead of creating new jobs Obamacare is destroying jobs. And the worst part is yet to come since the truly (cont)  16:54:40,84,9,false,156418621101457408Twitter Web Client,My @foxandfriends interview from this morning    16:05:50,20,4,false,156406335305555968Twitter Web Client,Government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. Every time it does it slows growth and kills jobs." #TimeToGetTough
We need a tax system that is FAIR to working families &amp; that encourages companies to STAY in America GROW in America and HIRE in America🇺🇸 
.@TrumpSoHo New York has interiors by celebrated design house Fendi Casa and 360 degree views of the city skyline. 
The United States needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border which must be part of any DACA approval. The safety and security of our country is #1! 
Every Poll has me winning BIG.If you listen to dopey Karl Rove a Trump hater on @oreillyfactor you would think I'm doing poorly. @FoxNews
Via @theinquisitr: “Americans Agree With Donald Trump 58 Percent Want Flights Banned From Ebola Outbreak Countries” 
Hundreds of good people including very important Ambassadors and Judges are being blocked and/or slow walked by the Democrats in the Senate. Many important positions in Government are unfilled because of this obstruction. Worst in U.S. history!
Ranked a top course @GolfMagazine &amp; 6 Star Diamond Award Trump Int’l Palm Beach has been expanded to 27 holes 
“Absolutely nothing” (on Russian Collusion). Kimberley Strassel The Wall Street Journal. The Russian Collusion fabrication is the greatest Hoax in the history of American politics. The only Russian Collusion was with Hillary and the Democrats!
There are 11 more Solyndras in the @BarackObama energy program   He loves to waste our (cont) 
It was my great honor to host today’s Inaugural Meeting of the “President’s National Council for the American Worker” in the Roosevelt Room! Read more:  
A total loser! 
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning - Monday - at  8:00. Much to talk about!
Thank you Pennsylvania! Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Watch here:  
It is FAKE NEWS that @HHSGov @SecAzar is “sidelined” from the great job he is doing on the CoronaVirus Task Force. He has the total confidence of the @VP and myself and is doing a fantastic job as the numbers would indicate!
Despite all the statements to the contrary Obama’s policies will increase taxes on everyone   Enjoy!
My interview with @gretawire last night on @FoxNews:  @BarackObama 'Missed His Opportunity'  
How will raising taxes create jobs? Washington is all out of answers. New leadership is needed.
Last Friday's gaffe by @BarackObama claiming that the private sector "is doing fine" is illustrative.Everything to him revolves around gov't
Very excited to be addressing the @RepLeadConf next Friday in New Orleans. There is much to discuss!
Today it was my great honor to address the the National Association of REALTORS! 
...these days...we could all use a little of the power of Trumpative thinking. –BarnesandNoble.com 
King Salman of Saudi Arabia just called to express his sincere condolences and give his sympathies to the families and friends of the warriors who were killed and wounded in the attack that took place in Pensacola Florida....
As Governor of Texas Rick Perry could have done far more to secure the border - but that's O.K. I like him anyway!  @GovernorPerry
83% of the government is still running during the shutdown while 41% of nondefense federal workers are furloughed. Room for cuts.
Via @Newsmax_Media by @melaniebatley: "Donald Trump: France's Strict Gun Laws Enabled Attack"
We are doing very well in our negotiations with China. While I am sure they would love to be dealing with a new administration so they could continue their practice of “ripoff USA”($600 B/year)16 months PLUS is a long time to be hemorrhaging jobs and companies on a long-shot....
I will be addressing the Nation this evening at 9:00 P.M. (Eastern) from the Oval Office.
.@antbaxter Only the stupid @BBC would air your garbage—no wonder they are in such deep trouble.
Via @CBS19: "Trump Winery President Nominated for Award by Wine Enthusiast Magazine"  Congrats @EricTrump!
Filming for @CelebApprentice Season 13 is now into the 2nd week. The 'All-Star' cast is already hard at work.
The Fake News doesn’t report it but Republican enthusiasm is at an all time   high. Look what is going on in Orlando Florida right now! People have never seen anything like it (unless you play a guitar). Going to be wild - See you later!
My @foxandfriends interview re: @SuperBowl blackout @BobbyJindal’s stupid comment &amp; suing @billmaher f/$5M 
I also have constantly asked “Why aren’t Germany France and other European countries helping Ukraine more? They are the biggest beneficiaries. Why is it always the good ol’ United States?” The Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats never mention this at their phony hearing!
Ford General Motors and Tesla are being given the go ahead to make ventilators and other metal products FAST! @fema  Go for it auto execs lets see how good you are? @RepMarkMeadows @GOPLeader @senatemajldr
....guy was corrupt and had anti-Trump animus. Strzok and others at the FBI should be criminally investigated for the way the conducted this investigation. Instead Mueller is pretending nothing went wrong. He used Strzok he used the Clinton DNC Dossier...the whole thing....
Congressman Steve Stivers of Ohio has done a fantastic job as Chairman of the @NRCC. He is a great Congressman who is tough on crime &amp; borders &amp; an inspiration to our Military &amp; Vets. Big on 2nd Amendment. Get out and vote for Steve on Aug 7th. He has my full &amp; total endorsement!
So nice to get an endorsement from the founder and owner of Pizza Ranch in Iowa! A great guy and great places! #CaucusForTrump
Oh the wonders of the Arab Spring. Our new allies in Egypt the Muslim Brotherhood just called the Holocaust a "myth" 
Designed by @IvankaTrump @TrumpDoral’s Deluxe Guestrooms feature impeccable furnishing and details  
Dave Letterman @Late_Show said during my interview that Obama was "probably" born in the US--the word "probably" is a disaster for Obama.
Raleigh North Carolina was fantastic last night. Such incredible spirit. We all want to and will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I'll be on with Larry Kudlow of the Kudlow Report tonight on CNBC at 7 p.m. We'll be discussing current affairs and politics. Tune in.
Via @BreitbartNews: “DONALD TRUMP AT SUMMIT: OBAMACARE A ‘FILTHY LIE’ CAN BUILD ‘A BEAUTY’ OF A BORDER FENCE” 
My wife Melania will be on @QVC today @ 5 PM selling really beautiful jewelry at a very low price. Perfect for Mother’s Day—call in!
“Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.” – Dale Carnegie
Germany sells 30 year bonds offering negative yields. Germany competes with the USA. Our Federal Reserve does not allow us to do what we must do. They put us at a disadvantage against our competition. Strong Dollar No Inflation! They move like quicksand. Fight or go home!

Funny how lowly rated CNN and others can criticize me at will even blaming me for the current spate of Bombs and ridiculously comparing this to September 11th and the Oklahoma City bombing yet when I criticize them they go wild and scream “it’s just not Presidential!”
The problem w/ the concept of "global warming" is that the U.S. is spending a fortune on "fixing it" while China &amp; others do nothing!
Our relationship with Russia has NEVER been worse thanks to many years of U.S. foolishness and stupidity and now the Rigged Witch Hunt!
Thank you Geneva Ohio. If I am elected President I am going to keep RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS OUT of our countr… 
Russia has informed us that they have removed most of their people from Venezuela.
Here I am with @RodStewart at Mar-a-Lago. 
WE ARE MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I told you the Oscars were terrible—bad look bad talent—and among the lowest ratings in show’s history.   …
Obama is a terrible negotiator. He bails out Chrysler and now Chrysler wants to send all Jeep manufacturing to China--and will!
We have a massive Humanitarian Crisis at our Southern Border. We will be out for a long time unless the Democrats come back from their “vacations” and get back to work. I am in the White House ready to sign!
Senator Luther Strange who is doing a great job for the people of Alabama will be on @foxandfriends at 7:15. Tough on crime borders etc.
Thank you American Legion Post 610- for hosting @Mike_Pence &amp; I for a roundtable with labor leaders. #LaborDay #MAGA 
The media is so dishonest. If I make a statement they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolish.They think the public is stupid!
....The wonderful Iranian people are suffering and for no reason at all. Their leadership spends all of its money on Terror and little on anything else. The U.S. has not forgotten Iran’s use of IED’s &amp; EFP’s (bombs) which killed 2000 Americans and wounded many more...
Great sign:"We built this business without government help. Obama can kiss our a--!"  Commonly heard now across America!
I don't get @billmaher and his terrible show - he is dumb as a rock but tries so hard to pass himself off as a great intellect. Check past!
Happy Anniversary to my wonderful wife @MELANIATRUMP -- a truly great decision by me! 
The ObamaCare website still is not complete. $5 billion and no progress. Scary and sad!
Today I hosted an immigration roundtable ahead of two votes taking place in Congress tomorrow. Watch and read more… 
Just out — in Arizona SIGNATURES DON’T MATCH. Electoral corruption - Call for a new Election? We must protect our Democracy!
Would be nice if @jmartNYT learned how to read the polls before writing his next story. Probably done on purpose but not good reporting!
Thank you @WVGovernor Jim Justice for that warm introduction. Tonight it was my great honor to attend the “Greenbrier Classic – Salute to Service Dinner” in West Virginia! God Bless our Veterans. God Bless America - and HAPPY INDEPENDENCE DAY TO ALL! 
We must stop Common Core from controlling state &amp; local curriculums. It is a federal grab of education. Keep education local!
#
“When someone gets nominated overwhelmingly and then wins the Election as he did then he gets to set the National Agenda. The press is just outrages. This @nytimes story is the most irresponsible thing I’ve ever seen.” @EdRollins @LouDobbs  I agree. They also lose too much!
Americans who can afford to buy enough food is now at a 3 year low. Is this @BarackObama’s ‘recovery’? 
Thank you Ohio! When you enter the voting booth tomorrow you will be making a simple choice. A vote for Republicans is a vote to continue our extraordinary prosperity. A vote for Dems is a vote to bring this Economic Boom crashing to a sudden screeching halt. Vote @MikeDeWine! 
“Go as far as you can see; when you get there you'll be able to see farther.” -- J. P. Morgan
So much FAKE NEWS!
More questions answered...  #trumpvlog
“No government ever voluntarily reduces itself in size. So governments' programs once launched never disappear.” – Ronald Reagan

My use of social media is not Presidential - it’s MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL. Make America Great Again!
My thoughts and prayers are with the great people of Tennessee during these terrible wildfires. Stay safe!
.@HillaryClinton loves to lie. America has had enough of the CLINTON'S! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp! Debates 
How do you like the boardroom so far?
North Korea has announced that they will dismantle Nuclear Test Site this month ahead of the big Summit Meeting on June 12th. Thank you a very smart and gracious gesture!
#timetogettough The White House Correspondents' Dinner in my new book "Time To Get Tough".....watch the #trumpvlog--- 
Investors are visionaries in some respects--they look beyond the present.
Getting China to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take (cont)  20:39:12,42,4,false,177856011917467648TwitLonger Beta,That's what I find so morally offensive about welfare dependency: it robs people of the chance to improve. Work (cont) 
China has done great under Obama. Increased private US holdings by 500%. Hacks our military &amp; R&amp;D. Robs us blind daily.#timetogettough
Democrats must change the Loophole &amp; Asylum Laws - but they probably won’t! They want Open Borders which means massive crime and drugs! 
Mainstream (FAKE) media refuses to state our long list of achievements including 28 legislative signings strong borders &amp; great optimism!
Media silent when @BarackObama  called @MittRomney a murderer &amp; felon. Mitt mentions 'birth certificate' and they go nuts. Double standard!
Kim Jong Un of North Korea made a very wise and well reasoned decision. The alternative would have been both catastrophic and unacceptable!
Thank you New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
When true golfers see what I do at Doral it will be the hottest club in the country. #sayfie #newsmax
Remember I'll see you in D.C. at the Capitol Building on Wednesday at 1:00 o'clock. Then Dallas on Sept.14 at 6:00 P.M. American Air Center
Mitch McConnell and our Republican Senators have been very solid and strong. We have accomplished a great deal together in particular with our Courts 107 Federal Judges....
Thank you to the @nydailynews for a very nice story- 
Even James Clapper has admonished John Brennan for having gone totally off the rails. Maybe Clapper is being nice to me so he doesn’t lose his Security Clearance for lying to Congress!
New GOP platform now includes language that supports the border wall. We will build the wall and MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Thanks Go Angelo people are now really aware of my ties shirts and cuff links at Macy's-
.@washingtonpost  @BretBaier  Please thank Charles Lane for his new found confidence. He has made a very good bet!
With incredible grit skill and pride the 7000 workers here at Sempra Energy are helping lead the American Energy Revolution. They are not only making our nation WEALTHIER but they are making America SAFER by building a future of American Energy INDEPENDENCE! 
Check out today's #trumpvlog about the upcoming episode of @ApprenticeNBC....  #celebrityapprenticefinale
With Luis Mexico and the United States would have made wonderful deals together - where both Mexico and the US would have benefitted.
#WeeklyAddress🇺🇸 
My honor Charlie - thank you! #MAGA 
This is a National Emergency...
Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower New York has received great acclaim as has our signature restaurant Jean Georges 
Libya is adopting a more radical form of Sharia Law now under their new leadership. Is this what @BarackObama wanted?
The Chinese are smart.  They bought up over $7B in US housing last year   U.S. is busy making China even richer.
Tweet me your New Year's resolution to make America great again! #TrumpNewYearsRes 
Yesterday Barack Obama said he wants "wind turbines manufactured here in China"  I don't think this was a gaffe.
Who are the four prosecutors (Mueller people?) who cut and ran after being exposed for recommending a ridiculous 9 year prison sentence to a man that got caught up in an investigation that was illegal the Mueller Scam and shouldn’t ever even have started? 13 Angry Democrats?
.@ericbolling you can do much better than you did tonight on @oreillyfactor. Better luck tomorrow!
Thousands of great people showed up from Liberty University yesterday. I love standing ovations! 
.@MileyCyrus – don’t worry about Liam. You can do much better and you have plenty of time—remain strong!
“Results are what matter...A series of efforts will add up to experience and achievement.” - Think Like a Champion
Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I don't always agree I recognize the rights of people to express their views.
No matter what she says Senator Claire McCaskill will always vote against us and the Great State of Missouri! Vote for Josh Hawley - he will be a great Senator!
Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.
The Wall is going up very fast despite total Obstruction by Democrats in Congress and elsewhere!  
Thank you. 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. 
False reporting yesterday. “There are no plans to send migrants to Northern or Coastal Border facilities including Florida.” @FoxNews  Not by airplanes or any other way. Our Country is FULL will not and can not take you in!
In the UK taxpayers are wasting £24 million on wind farms that don't even operate.  They (cont) 
....their country’s flag. Can this be possible? Yes because it is all a BIG CON and the American taxpayer is paying for it!
Congratulations to @Boston_Police @FBIBoston &amp; all emergency first responders &amp; doctors for their excellent work under fire yesterday
...design or negotiations yet. When I do just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program price will come WAY DOWN!
I find hope in the darkest of days and focus in the brightest. - Dalai Lama
For the first time since Roe v. Wade America has a Pro-Life President a Pro-Life Vice President a Pro-Life House of Representatives and 25 Pro-Life Republican State Capitals! 
“The only source of knowledge is experience.” – Albert Einstein
This just in re: FundAnything and producer Brad Wyman 
Courage is being scared to death... and saddling up anyway. - John Wayne
BIG NIGHT ON TWITTER TONIGHT. I WILL BE LIVE TWEETING PRESIDENT OBAMA'S SPEECH AT 7:50 P.M. ( EASTERN). MUST TALK RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM!
Katie Couric the third rate reporter who has been largely forgotten should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her doc.
.@CelebApprentice was #1 on network TV last night in its time slot and easily won the 10 o’clock hour in all major demographics.
Watch @AC360 on NOW! @CNN
Just left Trump National Doral in Miami - under massive construction - The Blue Monster will be one of the greatest courses ever built!
My wonderful son Eric will no longer be allowed to raise money for children with cancer because of a possible conflict of interest with...
...It's old electrical grid which was in terrible shape was devastated. Much of the Island was destroyed with billions of dollars....
“The vindication belongs to the President for firing James Comey. It was clearly the right thing to do. You don’t want an FBI Director with Jim Comey’s ethics.” Jason Riley Wall Street Journal
.@JuddApatow I agree!
“We are fully supportive of @Israel's right to defend itself.” -- @BarackObama--Very good I like it.
Despite major outside money FAKE media support and eleven Republican candidates BIG "R" win with runoff in Georgia. Glad to be of help!
With @ivankatrump and the Chairman of DAMAC in Dubai. 
“Get it straight: Pakistan is not our friend. We’ve given them billions and billions of dollars and what (cont) 
Deals are my art form. Other people paint beautifully or write poetry. I like making deals preferably big deals. That's how I get my kicks.
Food Stamp participation hits 10 year low. Wow! @OANN
Real estate developers in the 1980’s &amp; 1990’s more than 30 years ago were entitled to massive write offs and depreciation which would if one was actively building show losses and tax losses in almost all cases. Much was non monetary. Sometimes considered “tax shelter” ......
Jeb's new slogan - "Jeb can fix it". I never thought of Jeb as a crook! Stupid message the word "fix" is not a good one to use in politics!
As the Shutdown was going on Nancy Pelosi asked me to give the State of the Union Address. I agreed. She then changed her mind because of the Shutdown suggesting a later date. This is her prerogative - I will do the Address when the Shutdown is over. I am not looking for an....
Military has announced that China has successfully hacked our advanced weapon designs. China is our enemy.Should we offset this on our debt?
Arriving to check out the border. 
11000 inside venue tonight in Tampa! Broke record set by Elton John in 1988 w/out musical instruments! Another 5000 outside. Will be back!
President Obama is under pressure from Democrats to undo his lie on ObamaCare. His problem is that such a move would end ObamaCare.
“The future is always beginning now.” -  Mark Strand former Poet Laureate
Obama is looking like an incompetent fool in the handling of the war against.ISIS! Why isn't China and Russia helping - they gain so much!
Congratulations to @DanaPerino on your book going to number one on Amazon. Great book - Great job!
What's more important? Rebuilding our military - or bailing out insurance companies? Ask the Democrats.
Keep hearing about "tiny" amount of money spent on Facebook ads. What about the billions of dollars of Fake News on CNN ABC NBC &amp; CBS?
“The Impeachment started before he even became President.” @greggutfeld  @FoxNews
Our great Economy is the talk of everyone!
So now the Obama appointed judge on the Census case (Are you a Citizen of the United States?) won’t let the Justice Department use the lawyers  that it wants to use. Could this be a first?
#trumpvlog Same last name same bad ratings- @lawrence and @rosie..... 
Wow Ted Cruz got booed off the stage didn't honor the pledge! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big deal!
America needs a President who can negotiate better deals for the American People.
Google is helping China and their military but not the U.S. Terrible! The good news is that they helped Crooked Hillary Clinton and not Trump....and how did that turn out?
I am watching the Democrats trying to defend the "you can keep you doctor you can keep your plan &amp; premiums will go down" ObamaCare lie."
Just arrived in Texas - have been informed two @fortworthpd officers have been shot. My thoughts and prayers are with them.
The so-called “Supreme Leader” of Iran who has not been so Supreme lately had some nasty things to say about the United States and Europe. Their economy is crashing and their people are suffering. He should be very careful with his words!
95% Approval Rating in Republican Party. Thank you!
We have to combat the welfare mentality that says individuals are entitled to live off taxpayers. #TimeToGetTough
Wow! This might be my highest # yet! Thank you to my opposition- you are totally ineffective &amp; have been for years! 
Thank you Adriana! 
Will be traveling to the Great State of Ohio tonight. Big crowd expected. See you there!
You mean the fact that my father left me some money (as a good father will) and I multiplied it many many times to over $10 billion-is bad?
The W.H. is functioning perfectly focused on HealthCare Tax Cuts/Reform &amp; many other things. I have very little time for watching T.V.
Endorsements for Lyin' Ted Cruz- 
I had a great time doing press interviews with @LisaLampanelli and @Teresa_Giudice earlier today- 
On behalf of a GRATEFUL NATION THANK YOU to all of the First Responders (HEROES) who saved countless lives in Las Vegas on Sunday night. 
As usual with “this” General Motors things just never seem to work out. They said they were going to give us 40000 much needed Ventilators “very quickly”. Now they are saying it will only be 6000 in late April and they want top dollar. Always a mess with Mary B. Invoke “P”.
Former Weather Underground radical Kathy Boudin spent 22 yrs in prison for armored-car robbery that killed 2 cops &amp; a Brinks guard...
....returned home to the United States. Also North and South Korea will file a joint bid to host the 2032 Olympics. Very exciting!
Fake News just like the snakes and gators in the moat. The Media is deranged they have lost their minds! 
“With President Trump at the helm not only is America getting great again but he’s going to make our estuaries our rivers our water - everything better - the things he is doing and done are just helping America tremendously.” Thank you to Bruce Hrobak @foxandfriends
Thank you! # 
I hear @pennjillette show on Broadway is terrible. Not surprised boring guy (Penn). Without The Apprentice  show would have died long ago.
“Why did the Democrats run if they didn’t want to do things?” @SenRickScott
This is the coldest weather in the history of the Thanksgiving Day Parade in NYC and one of the coldest Thanksgivings on record!
People like @KatyTurNBC report on my campaign but have zero access. They say what they want without any knowledge.True of so much of media!
NASA which is making a BIG comeback under the Trump Administration has just named 9 astronauts for Boeing and Spacex space flights. We have the greatest facilities in the world and we are now letting the private sector pay to use them. Exciting things happening. Space Force!
My interview w/ @nbc6 re: @CadillacChamp &amp; my $200M of future renovations invested in Trump @DoralResort 
Time for Sebelius to be fired. She has admitted that the Administration did not vet the ObamaCare website 
Press release. Video response to follow. 
I won the 2016 Election partially based on no Tax Returns while I am under audit (which I still am) and the voters didn’t care. Now the Radical Left Democrats want to again relitigate this matter. Make it a part of the 2020 Election!
Congratulations to my friend @seanhannity on @hannityshow 1000th show consecutively #1 in his time slot! Great going!
I am on my way to Singapore where we have a chance to achieve a truly wonderful result for North Korea and the World. It will certainly be an exciting day and I know that Kim Jong-un will work very hard to do something that has rarely been done before...
Is Fake News Washington Post being used as a lobbyist weapon against Congress to keep Politicians from looking into Amazon no-tax monopoly?
The Obama administration gives better medical care to Al Qaeda at Gitmo than to our vets.
either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good "shutdown" in September to fix mess!
Hear Donald Trump discuss big gov spending banks & taxes on Your World w/Neil Cavuto: 
I can't believe that @CNN would waste time and money with @smerconish - he has got nothing going. Jeff Zucker must be losing his touch!
REGISTER TO  #MAGA🇺🇸 
“There has been no evidence whatsoever that Donald Trump or the campaign was involved in any kind of collusion to fix the 2016 election. In fact the evidence is the opposite that Hillary Clinton &amp; the Democrats colluded with the Russians to fix the 2016 election.” @GrahamLedger
An architectural landmark @TrumpTowerNY offers sweeping panoramic views of Fifth Avenue 
He makes a mistake "every hour every day" admits @BarackObama.   The problem is that we are paying for them.
NEW @MittRomney TV AD "Dream" - For these small businesses hope and change was not so kind:   #tcot
Tremendous cold wave hits large part of U.S. Lucky they changed the name from global warming to climate change - G.W. just doesn't work!
Last night it was my great honor to host America’s senior defense and military leaders for dinner at the White House. America’s military is the GREATEST fighting force in the history of the world. They all have my pledge of unwavering commitment to our men and women in uniform! 
Great Job  Rachel Campos-Duffy on @foxandfriends.
THANK YOU HOUSTON TEXAS. Get out and  #JobsNotMobs  

Would Chris Cuomo be given a Red Flag for his recent rant? Filthy language and a total loss of control. He shouldn’t be allowed to have any weapon. He’s nuts!
Prosperity is coming back to our shores because we are putting America WORKERS and FAMILIES first. #AmericaFirst🇺🇸 
A message of condolences and support regarding the terrorist attacks in Tel Aviv: 
Our great country is respected again in Asia. You will see the fruits of our long but successful trip for many years to come!
FM @AlexSalmond of Scotland spent more than $750000 of taxpayers $ to visit Ryder Cup in Chicago--peanuts compared to his windmill folly.
We may be in the process of leaving Syria but in no way have we Abandoned the Kurds who are special people and wonderful fighters. Likewise our relationship with Turkey a NATO and Trading partner has been very good. Turkey already has a large Kurdish population and fully....
Everybody wants me to talk about Robert Pattinson and not Brian Williams—I guess people just don’t care about Brian!
It begins Republican Party of Virginia controlled by the RNC is working hard to disallow independent unaffiliated and new voters. BAD!
As I’ve said many times before Jon Stewart @TheDailyShow is highly overrated.
Arena was packed totally electric!
Congressman Ron DeSantis a top student at Yale and Harvard Law School is running for Governor of the Great State of Florida. Ron is strong on Borders tough on Crime &amp; big on Cutting Taxes - Loves our Military &amp; our Vets. He will be a Great Governor &amp; has my full Endorsement!
Thank you @FLGovScott. 
Iran is in serious financial trouble. They want desperately to talk to the U.S. but are given mixed signals from all of those purporting to represent us including President Macron of France....
Crooked Hillary should try it again! 
Marco Rubio is totally weak on illegal immigration &amp; in favor of easy amnesty. A lightweight choker - bad for #USA!
Congratulations to Bret Michaels the new Celebrity Apprentice. Bret's a true champion all of us were happy to see him and to see him win!
“Donald Trump unveils vision for @TrumpTurnberry”  via @BunkeredOnline by @MMcEwanBunkered
Broadcom's move to America=$20 BILLION of annual rev into U.S.A. $3+ BILLION/yr. in research/engineering &amp; $6 BILLION/yr. in manufacturing. 
I believe that Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have the meeting with the U.S.A.G. So Bill is not in trouble with H except that he got caught!
Looking forward to being awarded the ‘2015 Statesman of the Year’ by @SRQRepublicans this Thursday. A record 2000+ attendees-Can't wait!
Is it legal for a sitting President to be "wire tapping" a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW!
President Obama is finally getting hammered even by his most loyal supporters and the press-I guess they can only take so much!
Leadership: Whatever happens you're responsible. If it doesn't happen you're responsible.
Real estate taxes are far too high @BriarcliffManor Westchester. A total joke how they waste money! Replace Mayor Vescio.
Good news seems to be happening with respect to Turkey Syria and the Middle East. Further reports to come later!
Mitt Romney had his chance and blew it. Lindsey Graham ran for president got ZERO and quit! Why are they now spokesmen against me? Sad!
Another example of the destruction caused by wind turbines. Unnecessary waste--horrible! 
.@antbaxter I tried watching but fell asleep.
“It turns out to be true now that the Department of Justice and the FBI under President Obama rigged the investigation for Hillary and really turned the screws on Trump and now it looks like in a corrupt &amp; illegal way. The facts are out now. Whole Hoax exposed. @JesseBWatters
Joan Rivers @Joan_Rivers was an amazing woman and a great friend. Her energy and talent were boundless. She will be greatly missed.
Don't forget to watch Celebrity Apprentice this Sunday night at 9 pm on NBC. You're in for a great show.
Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren on her show On the Record tonight on Fox News in the 10 p.m. hour.
Those Illegal Immigrants who can no longer be legally held (Congress must fix the laws and loopholes) will be subject to Homeland Security given to Sanctuary Cities and States!
When you’re “hot” the lowlifes really shoot at you... and they try hitting from every angle! Never let the bastards get you down.
CBO now estimates that over 2.5M will lose jobs directly because of ObamaCare. REPEAL now before it is too late.
After 200 days rarely has any Administration achieved what we have achieved..not even close! Don't believe the Fake News Suppression Polls!
Do you believe that Hillary Clinton now wants Obamacare for illegal immigrants? She should spend more time taking care of our great Vets!
Thank you Indiana we were just projected to be the winner. We have won in every category. You are very special people-I will never forget!
Great read: “Hollywood can kiss Adam Corolla's ass he's going Trump funding”  via @upstartbusiness
Housing prices will be going up big league--a great time to buy--good luck!
Just did an interview with @HARRISFAULKNER on @FoxNews airing now (1pmE.) Enjoy!
Via @kcautv: “Donald Trump Coming to Sioux City in May” 
Leaving the White House soon to speak at the Pentagon. My great honor!
The Crazed and Dishonest Washington Post again purposely got it wrong. Mexico for the first time in decades is meaningfully apprehending illegals at THEIR Southern Border before the long march up to the U.S. This is great and the way it should be. The big flow will stop.......
Eliot Spitzer has failed at everything he has ever done and now he wants to be comptroller. Thrown out of politics and off of TV CRAZY!
The perfect getaway @Trump_Ireland is Europe's most elite 5-star destination perfected with old-world luxury 
The Trump Administration is revoking California’s Federal Waiver on emissions in order to produce far less expensive cars for the consumer while at the same time making the cars substantially SAFER. This will lead to more production because of this pricing and safety......
Would very much appreciate Saudi Arabia doing their IPO of Aramco with the New York Stock Exchange. Important to the United States!
Romney’s campaign is being put on the defensive. He cannot let this happen. Stop pandering. Must get tougher (cont) 
....I got to know him over his many years as Chairman of the Police Athletic League for which he devoted so much time and energy. Bob Morgenthau a legend will be greatly missed!
Spoke to Roy Moore of Alabama last night for the first time. Sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic race. He will help to #MAGA!
Will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. Will be talking about the debate and more!
The New York Times has a new Fake Story that now the Russians and Chinese (glad they finally added China) are listening to all of my calls on cellphones. Except that I rarely use a cellphone &amp; when I do it’s government authorized. I like Hard Lines. Just more made up Fake News!
Because of the hurricane I am extending my 5 million dollar offer for President Obama's favorite charity until 12PM on Thursday.
Without passion you don't have energy; without energy you have nothing. Nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion!
Problem with @GOP is not their message it’s that they are incapable of controlling the message.
Who should win Celebrity Apprentice on Monday night? Show will be telecast LIVE!
Looking forward to being honored at @citadelgop’s Patriot Dinner with @SenatorTimScott in Charleston SC this Sunday 
Back in NY from Scotland and fighting for our country to get better. Trump International Golf Links Scotland opened to rave reviews.
I would absolutely consider investing in Atlantic City again great and hard working people but much would have to change-taxes regs. etc
My @todayshow discussing the @CelebApprentice discussing the cast 
The Budget passed late last night 51 to 49. We got ZERO Democrat votes with only Rand Paul (he will vote for Tax Cuts) voting against.....
I will also be going to a wonderful state Missouri that I won by a lot in '16. Dem C.M. is opposed to big tax cuts. Republican will win S!
Radical Left Dem Mayor of Minneapolis Jacob Frey is doing everything possible to stifle Free Speech despite a record sell-out crowd at the Target Center. Presidents Clinton and Obama paid almost nothing! The Minneapolis Police have been incredible....
A message from @IvankaTrump! #SCPrimary #VoteTrumpSC #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Video:  
LIVE on #Periscope: Major announcement! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
The @PGATOUR comes to Miami on March 6th when the @CadillacChamp returns to @TrumpDoral  See you there!
A house divided against itself cannot stand. --Abraham Lincoln
Wow Jeb Bush just lost three of his top fundraisers - they quit!
Congratulations to the 2016 @ClemsonFB Tigers!Full ceremony:  
Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday. Very impressed great people!
ObamaCare Tragedy Primed to Further Explode the Deficit    And @Obama transferred $500 billion from Medicare to fund it!
Really great numbers on jobs &amp; the economy! Things are starting to kick in now and we have just begun! Don't like steel &amp; aluminum dumping!
I hope all workers demand that their @Teamsters reps endorse Donald J. Trump. Nobody knows jobs like I do! Don’t let them sell you out!
If I win the Presidency we will swamp Justice Ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions!
W/a newly expanded 27 holes of golfing Trump Intl.Palm Beach is ranked by Florida Golf Magazine as FL’s #1 course 
Did a shoot in front of the Metropolitian Museum on 5th Ave for the 13th season of the Apprentice...
The Democrats in Congress don’t want ObamaCare for themselves or big businesses. So why are they forcing it on the American people?
Today on Earth Day we celebrate our beautiful forests lakes and land. We stand committed to preserving the natural beauty of our nation.
JOBS JOBS JOBS! #MAGA 
Be tough be smart be personable but don't take things personally. That's good business.
Thank you. 
“Keep focusing on doing what you love even if times are tough.” – Think Big
.@genesimmons really great job handling the wise guys --- so easy for you--- such talent! I won’t forget.
I did interview with Chris Wallace of @FoxNews in order to be fair. He then puts on Rove Lane and Will three Trump bashers to discuss.
“Presidential Proclamation Commemorating the 50th Anniversary of the Vietnam War” ➡️ ➡️ 
A great @The Masters. The course looks so beautiful. Fantastic for golf and television ratings!
An updated POLL tracker (with all polls thru the weekend) reveals I maintained a double digit lead at… 
To be a winner think like a winner. Practice positive thinking--with reality checks.
“Even Director James Clapper admits that the FBI actions against the Trump Presidential Campaign do in fact meet the definition of spying perhaps FBI Director Christopher Wray will be the next to do so.” @LouDobbs
The story today that we are sending 12000 troops to Saudi Arabia is false or to put it more accurately Fake News!
Wacky &amp; totally unhinged Tom Steyer who has been fighting me and my Make America Great Again agenda from beginning never wins elections!
US News named the Top10 best hotels in the US--and Trump Int'l Hotel & Tower NYC and Trump Int'l Hotel & Tower Chicago are on the list!
The "debate" tonight will be a total disaster - low ratings with advertisers and advertising rates dropping like a rock. I hate to see this.
The Misery Index is at a 28 year high.
“The U.S. Created 263000 Jobs in April Unemployment Fell to Lowest Level Since 1969” 
FEMA has been told directly by me to give the A Plus treatment to the Great State of Alabama and the wonderful people who have been so devastated by the Tornadoes. @GovIvey one of the best in our Country has been so informed. She is working closely with FEMA (and me!).
Study what General Pershing of the United States did to terrorists when caught. There was no more Radical Islamic Terror for 35 years!
Sorry Chief Justice John Roberts but you do indeed have “Obama judges” and they have a much different point of view than the people who are charged with the safety of our country. It would be great if the 9th Circuit was indeed an “independent judiciary” but if it is why......
Passing what was once a vibrant manufacturing area in Pennsylvania. So sad! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Recent “strained” decisions by the United States Supreme Court some so simple as allowing the question “Are you a citizen of the United States” on our very expensive Census Report or the even more strained decisions (2) allowing the world’s most expensive &amp; pathetic......
Obamacare is far toooo expensive far toooo complicated (thousands of pages) and most importantly doesn't work. WE CAN DO MUCH BETTER!
I guess Obama's Cairo Speech really worked out. The Muslim Brotherhood stormed our embassy on 9.11. Imagine if Obama speaks in Beijing?
I'm glad President Obama followed my lead and lowered the flags half-staff. It's about time!
Join us in Toledo Ohio- tomorrow night at 8pm! #TrumpPence16 #MAGATickets:  
Isn't it funny that I am now #1 in the money losing @HuffingtonPost (poll) and by a big margin. Dummy @ariannahuff must be thrilled!
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Don't give up Republican Senators the World is watching: Repeal &amp; Replace...and go to 51 votes (nuke option) get Cross State Lines &amp; more.
The Fake News Is going all out in order to demean and denigrate! Such hatred!
Via @GolfweekMag: “Trump reveals routing for second course in Scotland” 
.@Richard_Meier a highly overrated architect has had many problems with buildings he has designed.
#Remembering41 
Our VISA system is broken like so much else in our country. We better get it fixed really fast. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Maria despite all of their will and energy it won’t work! 
It is terrible that @BarackObama did not appoint an independent counsel to investigate the national security leaks. No accountability.
Thank you Rep. @CynthiaLummis! 
I will issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a FOREIGN GOVERNMENT!… 
Thank you Fort Lauderdale Florida. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
The Border Committee Democrats are behaving all of a sudden irrationally. Not only are they unwilling to give dollars for the obviously needed Wall (they overrode recommendations of Border Patrol experts) but they don’t even want to take muderers into custody! What’s going on?
Today’s assignment: read chapter three of Think Big “Basic Instincts.” Focus on my acquisition of 40 Wall Street.
The new edition of The Apprentice will be on Thursdays this fall at 10 pm ET---I'm putting people back to work!
.@TimTebow has tremendous talent and a proven ability to lead.  He deserves to be in the @nfl.
The Trump Hotel Collection is currently nominated for Conde Nast Traveler Readers Choice Awards Travel & Leisure and World Travel Awards.
Congrats @GretchenCarlson's new Fox show debuts w/ very strong ratings  Guess who her first guest was? Donald Trump.
Why is Obama’s auto bailout now creating jobs in China?  He is ruining American industry.
The Trump Organization Finalizes Purchase of Legendary Turnberry Resort in Scotland. It's absolutely… 
I will be interviewed on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. and @foxandfriends at 7:50. Talking about my new book out today Crippled America.

“We can’t beat him so lets impeach him!” Democrat Rep. Al Green
.@TrumpChicago’s Spa at Trump® offers 12 treatment rooms &amp; 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the Chicago skyline 
“I'm not afraid of failing. I don't like to fail. I hate to fail. But I'm not afraid of it.” - @VinceMcMahon
Thank you Tennessee! #Trump2016#SuperTuesday
Reading @nytdavidbrooks of the NY Times is a total waste of time he is a clown with no awareness of the world around him- dummy!
“Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.” - Winston Churchill
........may be their number one act and priority. Focus on tax reform healthcare and so many other things of far greater importance! #DTS
....This is the biggest political crime in American History by far. SIMPLY PUT THE PARTY IN POWER ILLEGALLY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN BOTH BEFORE AND AFTER THE ELECTION IN ORDER TO CHANGE OR NULLIFY THE RESULTS OF THE ELECTION. IT CONTINUED ON WITH THE IMPEACHMENT HOAX. Terrible!
As usual the Fed did NOTHING! It is incredible that they can “speak” without knowing or asking what I am doing which will be announced shortly. We have a very strong dollar and a very weak Fed. I will work “brilliantly” with both and the U.S. will do great...
I am leaving China for #APEC2017 in Vietnam. @FLOTUS Melania is staying behind to see the zoo and of course the Great WALL of China before going to Alaska to greet our AMAZING troops.
New rule for @billmaher: check the law before you make a public absolute offer.
Thanks Piers. Greatly appreciated. @piersmorgan  
Our great Senator (and Star) from the State of Arkansas @TomCottonAR has just completed a wonderful book “Sacred Duty” about Arlington National Cemetary and the men and women who serve with such love and devotion. On sale today make it big!
What message does it send when @BarackObama's campaign has to spin whether America is better off than it was 4 years ago?
Wind farms are killing many thousands of birds. They make hunters look like nice people!
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7 (10 minutes). ENJOY!
I will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the business Cabinet picks and all other topics of interest. Busy times!
IIhan Omar a member of AOC Plus 3 will win us the Great State of Minnesota. The new face of the Democrat Party! 
Join me live in Wilmington Ohio!
Remember if you don't promote yourself then no one else will! Likewise believe in yourself--or no one else will either.
Amazing Race winning an Emmy again is a total joke. The Emmys have no credibility--no wonder the ratings are at record lows.
Just out - the POLAR ICE CAPS are at an all time high the POLAR BEAR population has never been stronger. Where the hell is global warming?
.@EdGoeas thank you for your support tonight on @JudgeJeanine.
I along with almost everyone else have so little confidence in President Obama. He has a horrible attitude-a man who is resigned to defeat
Don't take vacations.  What's the point?  If you're not enjoying your work you're in the wrong job.  -- Think Like A Billionaire
Wow FBI confirms report that James Comey drafted letter exonerating  Crooked Hillary Clinton long before investigation was complete. Many..
Wow! I hear you Warren Michigan. Streaming live - join us America. It is time to DRAIN THE SWAMP!Watch: 

THANK YOU @NarendraModi!🇺🇸🇮🇳 
New book by @charliekirk11 already number 1 “The MAGA Doctrine”. Really great SUPPORT CHARLIE KIRK. Buy now!
That the Obama administration didn't know the facts about who Bergdahl was before making the stupid 5 killers for one trade is pathetic!
America is OPEN FOR BUSINESS and U.S. Steel is back! 
As one of Miamii's largest landowners I am pulling for the @MiamiHEAT in the @NBA finals. Lebron's time is now! @KingJames
Luther Strange has been shooting up in the Alabama polls since my endorsement. Finish the job - vote today for "Big Luther."
We have got to get our Marine out of that disgusting Mexican jail. Would be so easy if we had a real leader. One tough phone call &amp; he's out
Required television watching is last weeks @marthamaccallum interview with the wonderful wife of @RodBlagojevich and the @trishregan interview with a Jerome Corsi. If that doesn’t tell you something about what has been going on in our Country nothing will. Very sad!
So lets get this right. Steve Jobs dies and leaves his wife everything-billions of dollars. Now his wife has a boyfriend (lover). Oh Steve!
Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
Pelosi doesn’t want to hand over The Articles of Impeachment which were fraudulently produced by corrupt politicians like Shifty Schiff in the first place because after all of these years of investigations and persecution they show no crimes and are a joke and a scam!
Will someone please explain to the Fake News New York Times (ALL THE NEWS THAT’S NOT FIT TO PRINT) that the Democrats make it almost impossible for us to fill positions within government. They “maximum” delay even the best candidates including Judges leaving little time!
Obama has not passed a single budget in 4 years. Democrats don’t even vote them in Congress. He has failed to lead!
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum going! It's a big factor in sustaining your success. Keep moving forward!
“Score one for the Donald in his battle with @AGSchneiderman.” 
The Red Hen Restaurant should focus more on cleaning its filthy canopies doors and windows (badly needs a paint job) rather than refusing to serve a fine person like Sarah Huckabee Sanders. I always had a rule if a restaurant is dirty on the outside it is dirty on the inside!
The booing at the NFL football game last night when the entire Dallas team dropped to its knees was loudest I have ever heard. Great anger
Today is armed forces day. Thank you  to our military service members! I love you all!
THANK YOU @DHSgov @CBP and @ICEgov! 
Jeb Bush never uses his last name on advertising signage materials etc. Is he ashamed of the name BUSH? A pretty sad situation. Go Jeb!
Where’s the electability? Jeb is losing to HRC by 13 points. A Bush will never beat a Clinton. Wake up @GOP!
Our great VETERANS are being treated very badly because of corruption and incompetence at the V.A. That will stop I will fix this quickly!
.@WineEnthusiast just awarded Trump Vineyard’s Sparkling Reserve 91 points --- the highest rated wine in Virginia... 
A so-called reporter named @JohnJHarwood who bombed so badly in the 2016 Presidential Debates that I thought he was going to be immediately fired (a Mini Mike type performance) is now with Fake News @CNN. A total loser!
Wow I’m at 2200000  followers but I’d love to get rid of the haters &amp; losers—they’re such a waste of time!
Our nation’s motto is IN GOD WE TRUST. This week our nation lost an incredible leader who devoted his life to helping us understand what those words really mean. We will never forget the historic crowds the voice the energy and the profound faith of Billy Graham! #CPAC2018 
We only want to admit those who love our people and support our values. #AmericaFirst
...the Uranium to Russia deal the  33000 plus deleted Emails the Comey fix and so much more. Instead they look at phony Trump/Russia....
“The FBI declares in a court filing that it has absolutely no records of disciplinary action against any lawyers in Russia Fisa Case despite 17 acts of misconduct. There is nothing noble about their leadership. FISA Court appears to be either corrupt or incompetent.” @LouDobbs
....it means lying or making up stories. Sorry I don’t see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain # 
#TBT My confirmation picture at First Presbyterian Church in Jamaica NY. 
.@TigerWoods is playing like his old self in the Farmers Insurance Open.  He will have a great year.
I will be live on all of the major morning talk shows. Enjoy!
A state legislator w/ a true record of accomplishments military vet @joniernst will make a tremendous US Senator. Iowa send Joni to DC!
Entrepreneurs always remember that every business relationship can lead to greater deals in the future. Be sure to cultivate relationships
....children from parents as did Bush etc. because that is the policy and law. I tried to keep them together but the problem is when you do that vast numbers of additional people storm the Border. So with Obama seperation is fine but with Trump it’s not. Fake 60 Minutes!
Tonight is the Apprentice finale---and it's a fantastic episode in every way with the great Liza Minnelli performing and a new Apprentice!
Impossible to believe that @FoxNews has hired @donnabrazile the person fired by @CNN (after they tried to hide the bad facts &amp; failed) for giving Crooked Hillary Clinton the questions to a debate something unimaginable. Now she is all over Fox including Shep Smith by far....
Via @bizjournals by @BrandonSawalich: "3 lessons about loyalty that I learned from Donald Trump" 
Now that George Bush is campaigning for Jeb(!) is he fair game for questions about World Trade Center Iraq War and eco collapse? Careful!
Re-run of O'Reilly on Fox NOW!
.@HillaryClinton lists litany of ways she plans to restrict gun rights. 2A will not survive a Hillary presidency. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
It has just been confirmed by  the City of Mobile Alabama that there were 30000 people at last nights event making it  #1for pol season.
What I said on the phone call with the Ukrainian President is “perfectly” stated. There is no reason to call witnesses to analyze my words and meaning. This is just another Democrat Hoax that I have had to live with from the day I got elected (and before!). Disgraceful!
.....Be happy be cool! A football game that fans are paying soooo much money to watch and enjoy is no place to protest. Most of that money goes to the players anyway. Find another way to protest. Stand proudly for your National Anthem or be Suspended Without Pay!
Champion @Joan_Rivers loves being on the other side of the table in the Boardroom. She leaves no punches out in @CelebApprentice!
Via @HuffPostPol: “Donald Trump: 'Republicans May Be The Worst Negotiators In History'”
Entrepreneurs:  Use your imagination. Use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you.
One my way to New Mexico — see you all shortly at the @StarCenter! #KAG2020 
Big day in Washington D.C. even though White House &amp; Oval Office are being renovated. Great trade deals coming for American workers!
It’s this simple. “Make America Great Again.” #debate #BigLeagueTruth
Many Gang Members and some very bad people are mixed into the Caravan heading to our Southern Border. Please go back you will not be admitted into the United States unless you go through the legal process. This is an invasion of our Country and our Military is waiting for you!
Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez. “I think we have a very real risk of losing the Presidency to Donald Trump.” I agree and that is the only reason they play the impeach card which cannot be legally used!
Congratulations to Paul Ryan Kevin McCarthy Kevin Brady Steve Scalise Cathy McMorris Rodgers and all great House Republicans who voted in favor of cutting your taxes!
Congratulations @TrumpSoHo on being named a “Great East Coast Hotels for Teens and Families” by @ParadeMagazine 
So interesting that when I announced Trump National Doral in Miami would be used for the hosting of the G-7 and then rescinded due to Do Nothing Democrat/Fake News Anger very few in Media mentioned that NO PROFITS would be taken or would be given FREE if legally permissible!
Looking more &amp; more like the Trump Campaign for President was illegally being spied upon (surveillance) for the political gain of Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC. Ask her how that worked out - she did better with Crazy Bernie. Republicans must get tough now. An illegal Scam!
I have decided that sections of the Wall that California wants built NOW will not be built until the whole Wall is approved. Big victory yesterday with ruling from the courts that allows us to proceed. OUR COUNTRY MUST HAVE BORDER SECURITY!
....when in fact under certain original scenarios it was in fact correct that Alabama could have received some “hurt.” Always good to be prepared! But the Fake News is only interested in demeaning and belittling. Didn’t play my whole sentence or statement. Bad people!
“The American people see through it.” 
The bend in the road is not the end of the road unless you refuse to take the turn. – Anonymous
.@DannyZuker Danny—Let your bosses on Modern Family lend you the money to play the game.  Show courage!
Isn't it time that Obama release his college records and applications? Boy would that create a mess! He is not who you think.
By continuing to give massive subsidies to Scotland’s ugly wind turbines @David_Cameron is playing right into @AlexSalmond’s hands.
On this day of prayer we once again place our hopes in the hands of our Creator. We give thanks for this wondrous land of liberty &amp; we pray that THIS nation – OUR home – these United States – will forever be strengthened by the Goodness and the Grace &amp; the eternal GLORY OF GOD! 
....secondly he is fulfilling every promise he made and that is making his opponents apoplectic. They’re trying to get him out of office and they’re not going to succeed.” Pastor Robert Jeffress author of “Choosing the Extraordinary Life”  Thank you Pastor! @LouDobbs @FoxBus
Statement from China: “The teams of both sides are now having smooth communications and good cooperation with each other. We are full of confidence that an agreement can be reached within the next 90 days.” I agree!
Congratulations to Sung Hyun Park on winning the 2017 @USGA #USWomensOpen🇺🇸
Hurricane Irma is of epic proportion perhaps bigger than we have ever seen. Be safe and get out of its wayif possible. Federal G is ready!
.@JussieSmollett - what about MAGA and the tens of millions of people you insulted with your racist and dangerous comments!? #MAGA
“@DonaldJTrumpJr: ‘We want to build everything in Dubai”   via @CWO_dotcom
California shooting looks very bad. Good luck to law enforcement and God bless. This is when our police are so appreciated!
The Fake News Media HATES to see this! 
Please do not forget the great help that my good friend President Xi of China has given to the United States particularly at the Border of North Korea. Without him it would have been a much longer tougher process!
Watch my appearance on @Morning_Joe - great interview! 
Josh Brolin a friend of mine was terrific in "Men in Black." Congrats!
You have to scratch your head when the president spends the last week talking about saving Big Bird.  -- @MittRomney
Yea NBC has increased all remaining Celebrity Apprentice episodes to two hours starting at 9 P.M. on Sunday!  Amazing show.
Presidential Harassment! 
I love show "Law and Order" but the @MRbelzer casting is the worst ever. No talent--unwatchable!
Congratulations to the Kansas City Chiefs on a great game and a fantastic comeback under immense pressure. You represented the Great State of Kansas and in fact the entire USA so very well. Our Country is PROUD OF YOU!
Just made the point at #NCGOPcon that "we have to protect our border &amp; I think everyone here knows nobody can build a wall like Trump!"
To Iranian President Rouhani: NEVER EVER THREATEN THE UNITED STATES AGAIN OR YOU WILL SUFFER CONSEQUENCES THE LIKES OF WHICH FEW THROUGHOUT HISTORY HAVE EVER SUFFERED BEFORE. WE ARE NO LONGER A COUNTRY THAT WILL STAND FOR YOUR DEMENTED WORDS OF VIOLENCE &amp; DEATH. BE CAUTIOUS!
Be sure to keep following announcements on the development of Trump International Golf Club Dubai.  Will be spectacular.
Illegal use of official Attorney General stationary by lightweight @AGSchneiderman. 
On the heels of the VERY successful launch of the @WhiteHouse National Council for the American Worker Congress should reauthorize #PerkinsCTE and ensure the American workforce remains stronger than EVER! #Jobs #Workforce
Via @BBCNews "Trump begins renewables mission in Scotland" 
The toughest thing about success is that you've got to keep on being a success. --Irving Berlin
Watching Senator Richard Blumenthal speak of Comey is a joke. "Richie" devised one of the greatest military frauds in U.S. history. For....
#SuccessByTrump exclusively available @Macy's has set sale records for fastest selling cologne. Makes a great gift 
Just read in the failing @nytimes that I was not aware "the event had to be held in Cleveland" - a total lie. These people are sick!
There is no longer a Bernie Sanders "political revolution." He is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figurewants it all to end!
Check out my interview from MSNBC at 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
....Another is a one-time BAD Congressman from Illinois who lost in his second term by a landslide then failed in radio. The third is a man who couldn’t stand up straight while receiving an award. I should be able to take them!
Meeting w/ Washington D.C. @MayorBowser and Metro GM Paul Wiedefeld about incoming winter storm preparations here… 
Congratulations to Deb Fischer. The people of Nebraska have seen what a great job she is doing - and it showed up at the ballot box! #MAGA
Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast.
$30M a year and A-Rod is now relegated to the bench. @yankees would have lost if Girardi hadn't benched him in the 9th (see my prediction)
It was my great honor to address the National Association of Counties Legislative Conference where 1200 County Leaders whose incredible devotion talent and drive directly and profoundly improve the lives of millions of Americans each and every day. 
Via @FoxNews: “Trump: Politicians are all talk no action; I'm the opposite” 
Can you imagine the anger and disgust when the heads of other countries found out that their cell phones were being tapped by NSA.Obama mess
A great book by a great guy. Get it now! 
You have to set higher and higher goals. You have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast. -- Think Big
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends in five minutes - enjoy and good morning!
America's Olympic uniforms are manufactured in China. Burn the uniforms!#U.S.OlympicCommittee
The New Black Panthers are back at the same Philly polling station from '08   Don't let them intimidate you!
I would triple the sanctions on Iran if the American pastor is not released. - my  @SRQRepublicans speech
Today's groundbreaking at the Old Post Office Building in D.C. was amazing. Great people great dedication. @usgsa  
Dan will be GREAT! 
Letterman @Late_Show was great last night. I had a lot of fun. You could see his audience really wanted Obama to take the $ for charity.
#WeeklyAddress🇺🇸 
I use Social Media not because I like to but because it is the only way to fight a VERY dishonest and unfair “press” now often referred to as Fake News Media. Phony and non-existent “sources” are being used more often than ever. Many stories &amp; reports a pure fiction!
I'm watching Knicks game-I'd bet all of those guys with the terrible tattoos wish they never got them-too bad too late!
Nancy Pelosi Adam Schiff AOC and the rest of the Democrats are not getting important legislation done hence the Do Nothing Democrats. USMCA National Defense Authorization Act Gun Safety Prescription Drug Prices &amp; Infrastructure are dead in the water because of the Dems!
I would love to see the Republican party and everyone get together- and unify.Video:  
The biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life...,12-20-2012 19:44:51,528,210,false,281847652038107136Twitter Web Client,... So if you want to aim high you have to have the guts to handle the inevitable bumps in the road. - Think BIG
I would love to send Ambassador Sondland a really good man and great American to testify but unfortunately he would be testifying before a totally compromised kangaroo court where Republican’s rights have been taken away and true facts are not allowed out for the public....
The Rigged Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on as the “originators and founders” of this scam continue to be fired and demoted for their corrupt and illegal activity. All credibility is gone from this terrible Hoax and much more will be lost as it proceeds. No Collusion!
Schiff must release the IG report without changes or tampering which is said to be yet further exoneration of the Impeachment Hoax. He refuses to give it. Does it link him to Whistleblower? Why is he so adamant?
Entrepreneurs: Don’t sell yourself short. Don’t ever think you’ve done it all already or that you’ve done your best.
It's hard to read the Failing New York Times or the Amazon Washington Post because every story/opinion even if should be positive is bad!
I am doing Greta tonight on Fox - talking about Obama Care and pervert Anthony Wiener!  10 P.M.
Congratulations to @seanhannity on his tremendous increase in television ratings. Speaking of ratings- I will be on his show tonight @ 10pE.
Tremendous support (except for some Republican "leadership"). Thank you.
Video: Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point @TrumpFerryPoint  
The road to success is always under construction. -- Arnold Palmer
“President Trump to launch 2020 Campaign in Florida!”  @foxandfriends  Tuesday will be a Big Crowd and Big Day!
....very often FAKE NEWS. Lamestream Media should be forced to reveal sources very much as they did in the long ago past. If they did that the media would be trusted again and Fake News would largely be a thing of the past!
So if Comey &amp; the top people in the FBI were dirty cops and cheated on the FISA Court wouldn’t all of these phony cases have to be overturned or dismissed? They went after me with the Fake Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary &amp; the DNC which they illegally presented to FISA...
Why is the World Bank loaning money to China? Can this be possible? China has plenty of money and if they don’t they create it. STOP!
....in America community by community where we will eradicate AIDS in 10 years program already started. American leadership has proven that together we can save lives.
This show was taped just before the terrible Bill Cosby revelations came to light.She still should have asked him for money-goes to charity.
.@ByronYork: “What now for those who denied a 'crisis' at the border?” 
....this decision but in the end it will be best for all concerned. As President I will always be there to help New York and the great people of New York. It will always have a special place in my heart!
As we are learning the hard way both domestically &amp; internationally hope is not a strategy.
For all of those who have been asking about online sales the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold @Macys.com
Looking forward to being in the Great State of Ohio on Saturday night where I will be campaigning hard for a truly talented future Congressman @Troy_Balderson. See you all then! Tickets:  
I was on @SquawkBox this morning  
“Democrats committed to impeaching Trump for no reason.” Will backfire into big 2020 Victory for Republicans! @IngrahamAngle
We are excited to announce Trump Estates at Akoya by DAMAC luxury villas situated byTrump Int’l Golf Links Dubai 
Some low-life journalist claims that I "made a pass" at her 29 years ago. Never happened! Like the @nytimes story which has become a joke!
I'd like to call JEB a liar but the truth is he has no clue &amp; never revealed that he used Eminent Domain- when criticizing me! (1/2)
James Clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated. Made up phony facts.Too bad!
Thank you to Bahamian Prime Minister Hubert Minnis for your very gracious and kind words in saying that without the help of the United States and me their would have been many more casualties. I give all credit to FEMA the U.S. Coast Guard &amp; the brave people of the Bahamas..
Trump Nat’l Westchester is among the most highly regarded clubs in New York. A great place. 
Good luck @RoccoMediate and nice hat! 
Now is no time to cut military spending. We must remain strong. Our enemies are looking for weakness. I'm i… (cont) 
Getting a little exercise this morning! 
If @RepMarkMeadows @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts &amp; reform.
In the East it could be the COLDEST New Year’s Eve on record. Perhaps we could use a little bit of that good old Global Warming that our Country but not other countries was going to pay TRILLIONS OF DOLLARS to protect against. Bundle up!
Nobody could have done what I’ve done for #PuertoRico with so little appreciation. So much work! 
Hitting at home. Democrat Sen. Joe Donnelly’s son had his healthcare plan dropped 
“This is collusion illusion there is no smoking gun here. At this late date after all that we have gone through after millions have been spent we have no Russian Collusion. There is nothing impeachable here.” @GeraldoRivera  Time for the Witch Hunt to END!
Cruz did not renounce his Canadian citizenship as a US Senator- only when he started to run for #POTUS. He could be Canadian Prime Minister.
Remember victims of Hurricane Sandy  during Thanksgiving. Many will not be celebrating the holiday in comfort.Their lives are in turmoil!
You have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life. - Think Big
Be sure to watch @IvankaTrump’s @FoxBusiness @FBNATB interview from the @NYU #HospitalityConference 
As bad as the I.G. Report is for the FBI and others and it is really bad remember that I.G. Horowitz was appointed by Obama. There was tremendous bias and guilt exposed so obvious but Horowitz couldn’t get himself to say it. Big credibility loss. Obama knew everything!
Canada has treated our Agricultural business and Farmers very poorly for a very long period of time. Highly restrictive on Trade! They must open their markets and take down their trade barriers! They report a really high surplus on trade with us. Do Timber &amp; Lumber in U.S.?
“Presidential Proclamation Addressing Mass Migration Through the Southern Border of the United States” 
Congratulations to Dana Rohrabacher on his big California win. We are proud of you Dana!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of the U.S. Her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. BAD JUDGEMENT!
Our country under President Obama is on life support! Great leaders must bring people together.
.... to help McConnell who spoke right after him.”@BreitbartNews
Polls are now showing that people are beginning to understand the Humanitarian Crisis and Crime at the Border. Numbers are going up fast over 50%. Democrats will soon be known as the Party of Crime. Ridiculous that they don’t want Border Security!
Let’s see what happens in the boardroom… #CelebApprentice
Bilateral Breakfast with NATO Secretary General in Brussels Belgium... 
Often times being ‘innovative’ is simply putting together pre-existing elements into something new. Be resourceful &amp; expect success.
Packed venue of people who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Trump Puerto Rico is 1st development in Puerto Rico to combine lavish residences world class golf &amp; a beach 
The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that after stealing and cheating her way to a Crooked Hillary victory she's out!
Just arrived in Wisconsin to help two great people @ScottWalker and @LeahVukmir! 
He @BarackObama wants to release 5 senior Taliban detainees back to the Taliban.    The Taliban out negotiates him!
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
#trumpvlog The song "Donald Trump" hits 54 million views. @MacMiller- Where's my money? 
....Mueller was NOT fired and was respectfully allowed to finish his work on what I and many others say was an illegal investigation (there was no crime) headed by a Trump hater who was highly conflicted and a group of 18 VERY ANGRY Democrats. DRAIN THE SWAMP!
I like Rob Astorino. He's a friend and really good guy. Sadly he has ZERO chance of beating Cuomo and the 2 to 1 Dems for governor!
I said this was happening long ago- I will stop this immediately! 
China is now deploying drones across ocean routes used for trade  They stole the technology from us.
.@DianeHarkey is an extraordinary woman of great accomplishment &amp; potential. She is running as a very popular Republican for the Congressional seat of my friend Darrell Issa-with his complete support. Diane is strong on crime loves our Military &amp; Vets-has my total Endorsement!
The dying @NRO National Review has totally given up the fight against Barrack Obama. They have been losing for years. I will beat Hillary!
For the nonbeliever here is a photo of @Neilyoung in my office and his $$ request—total hypocrite. 
.@Mark_Sanchez shouldn’t be too upset over @EvaLongoria.  He will always do great!
“Mainstream Media tries to rewrite history to credit Obama for Trump accomplishments. Since President Trump took office the economy is booming. The stronger the economy gets the more desperate his critics are. O had weakest recovery since Great Depression.” @WashTimes
Looking forward to visiting the Trump Vineyard Estates today in Charlottesville VA for a press conference and the grand opening.
Great new poll- thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
The Democrats without a leader have become the party of obstruction.They are only interested in themselves and not in what's best for U.S.
The only deal the Republicans should accept is a complete repeal of ObamaCare. You have them on the run - don't fold - go for it!

1. Which country has the largest carbon emission reduction?AMERICA!2. Who has dumped the most carbon into the air?   CHINA!3. 91% of the world’s population are exposed to air pollution above the World Health Organization’s suggested level.   NONE ARE IN THE U.S.A.!
Dan Bishop was down 17 points 3 weeks ago. He then asked me for help we changed his strategy together and he ran a great race. Big Rally last night. Now it looks like he is going to win. @CNN &amp; @MSNBC are moving their big studio equipment and talent out. Stay tuned!
Why isn’t the IG investigating his so-called Whistleblower? All bad info!
To those few Senators who think I don’t like or appreciate being allied with other countries they are wrong I DO. What I don’t like however is when many of these same countries take advantage of their friendship with the United States both in Military Protection and Trade...
30 DAYS TO SLOW THE SPREAD#COVIDー19  
Today we lost a great pioneer of air and space in John Glenn. He was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers. He will be missed.
Congratulations to @bostonpolice on yesterday’s successful and safe @bostonmarathon. The entire country is proud.
Our Economy and Jobs Market is BOOMING the best in the World and in our Country’s history - and we have just started!
Amazing story in @BreitbartNews about the sleazebag blogger Coppins who fabricated nonsense about me for irrelevant @BuzzFeed. CONGRATS!
While in Charlotte this weekend will visit my Trump National Golf Club on Lake Norman—a magnificent place &amp; doing really well!
A very interesting read. Unfortunately so much is true.
Hillary defrauded America as Secy of State. She used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich! Corrupt dangerous dishonest.
The big and highly respected Cooley LLP is handling the @billmaher case for me.
I look forward to speaking with Prime Minister Modi about the fact that India for years having put very high Tariffs against the United States just recently increased the Tariffs even further. This is unacceptable and the Tariffs must be withdrawn!
Look forward to seeing everyone in Montana tonight! #MAGA 
.@GreggJarrett: “Trump-Russia 'collusion' was always a hoax -- and dirtiest political trick in modern US history” 
Does the Fake News Media remember when Crooked Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State was begging Russia to be our friend with the misspelled reset button? Obama tried also but he had zero chemistry with Putin.
Beautiful evening in Cincinnati Ohio tonight — with GREAT American Patriots! #KAG2020 
They let Crooked &amp; the Gang off the hook for the crime but it looks like the cover-up is just as bad. Unbelievable! 
“Remember the golden rule of negotiating: ‘He who has the gold makes the rules.’” – Midas Touch
.@SenScottBrown is the most competitive GOP option against Obama’s amnesty loving @SenatorSheehan. He can win!

My deal with China is that they will IMMEDIATELY start buying very large quantities of our Agricultural Product not wait until the deal is signed over the next 3 or 4 weeks. THEY HAVE ALREADY STARTED! Likewise financial services and other deal aspects start preparing....
My @CNN  interview with @wolfblitzercnn yesterday discussing by meeting with @MittRomney   

“Winning takes talent to repeat takes character.” - John Wooden
I have made my decision on who I will nominate for The United States Supreme Court. It will be announced live on Tuesday at 8:00 P.M. (W.H.)
It's not that I'm so smart it's just that I stay with problems longer. -- Albert Einstein
I will be campaigning in Indiana all day. Things are looking great and the support of Bobby Knight has been so amazing. Today will be fun!

A great try by @seanspicer. We are all proud of you!
Thank you Idaho! I love your potatoes- nobody grows them better. As President I will protect your market. 
Doing great with China and other Trade Deals. The only problem we have is Jay Powell and the Fed. He’s like a golfer who can’t putt has no touch. Big U.S. growth if he does the right thing BIG CUT - but don’t count on him! So far he has called it wrong and only let us down....
The American people have waited long enough. There has been enough talk and no action for seven years. Now is the time for action! 
Wrong never even discussed this with Kellyanne Conway or Steve Mnuchin. Just more Fake News! 
The Democrats are in Turmoil! Open Borders and unchecked Crime a certain way to lose elections. Republicans are for Strong Borders NO Crime! A BIG NIGHT!
In the last 24 hrs. we have raised over $13M from online donations and National Call Day and we’re still going! Thank you America! #MAGA
Would be sooo great if the Fed would further lower interest rates and quantitative ease. The Dollar is very strong against other currencies and there is almost no inflation. This is the time to do it. Exports would zoom!
A team of great champions! 
Congressman @Denver4VA Riggleman is a true CONSERVATIVE leader who has done a great job for Virginia and will support our #MAGA Agenda. He defends our right to bear arms protect our Borders &amp; help small businesses. Denver has my Total Endorsement!
Our national security starts at the border. Do you think ISIS &amp; al-Qaeda are just in the Middle East?
It now seems the General Flynn was under investigation long before was common knowledge. It would have been impossible for me to know this but if that was the case and with me being one of two people who would become president why was I not told so that I could make a change?
Obama is finally stopping the Chinese from buying something in America – windfarms   What a joke!
Why should Crazy Nancy Pelosi just because she has a slight majority in the House be allowed to Impeach the President of the United States? Got ZERO Republican votes there was no crime the call with Ukraine was perfect with “no pressure.” She said it must be “bipartisan...
The Republican House members are working hard (and late) toward the Massive Tax Cuts that they know you deserve. These will be biggest ever!
And the FAKE NEWS winners are...
Leaving the Great State of Ohio! 
The paid D.C. protesters are now ready to REALLY protest because they haven’t gotten their checks - in other words they weren’t paid! Screamers in Congress and outside were far too obvious - less professional than anticipated by those paying (or not paying) the bills!
The dollar always talks in the end--although our pols are killing the dollar!
I feel sorry for Rosie 's new partner in love whose parents are devastated at the thought of their daughter being with @Rosie--a true loser.

....information does come out.” Charlie Hurt Washington Times  @LouDobbs
Best book ever on dealmaking (or so they say) - TRUMP: THE ART OF THE DEAL.  Go get it and others Washington - you really can do better!
We should be building up our military and our missile defense systems to their highest levels ever. Must be very strong to prosper &amp; survive
Senator Feinstein and the Democrats held the letter for months only to release it with a bang after the hearings were OVER - done very purposefully to Obstruct &amp; Resist &amp; Delay. Let her testify or not and TAKE THE VOTE!
“@PGAChampionship @seniorpgachamp both headed to Trump courses”  via @FoxNews
Donald Trump Leads Polls in Florida  
The Greatest Economy in American History!
God Bless the people of Venezuela!
Rally last night in San Jose was great. Tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall. Big crowd. Outside small group of thugs burned Am flag!
.@newtgingrich just said "a historic victory for Trump." NICE!
Go to @Macys now to see the incredible new selection of Trump Signature Collection ties shirts and suits.
Many ideas some good &amp; some not so good emerged from our bipartisan meeting on school safety yesterday at the White House. Background Checks a big part of conversation. Gun free zones are proven targets of killers. After many years a Bill should emerge. Respect 2nd Amendment!
How is it possible that the people of the great State of Colorado never got to vote in the Republican Primary? Great anger - totally unfair!
The United States will be immediately implementing much tougher Extreme Vetting Procedures. The safety of our citizens comes first!
WINRED! 
Congratulations to David Wright on signing a long term extension with the @Mets.  David is an exceptional player and person.
Amazing view of @TrumpGolfLA 
The Stock Market hit 25000 yesterday. Jobs are at an all time record - and that is before we fix some of the worst trade deals and conditions ever seen by any government. It is all happening!
ICYMI via @DMRegister by @JenniferJJacobs: “Donald Trump to give Iowa speech on education” 
.@IvankaTrump looks like a movie star from the days of glamour and beauty. #CelebApprentice
LIVE on #Periscope: Good morning Iowa! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016  
An honor to welcome PM of Australia @TurnbullMalcolm to America &amp; join him in marking the 75th Anniversary of the… 
Join me tomorrow! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Omaha Nebraska: Oregon:
Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president. She has bad judgement poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record. Change!
I agree @MMFlint- To all Americans I see you &amp; I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to #DrainTheSwamp w/ me on 11/8. 
I keep getting great feedback on new #TRUMP cologne 'Success.' Exclusively available at @Macy's  And best shirts &amp; ties
I am a cautious optimist. Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
Why Donald Trump Won’t Touch Your Entitlements: DES MOINES Iowa—Donald Trump says if he runs for p... 
There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing say nothing and be nothing.– Aristotle
Michael Pillsbury interviewed by @cvpayne: “They have the motive of making the President look bad – instead of President Trump being portrayed as a HERO. The first President to take China on it’s 20 years overdue....
I will be interviewed by @DavidMuir tonight at 10 o'clock on @ABC. Will be my first interview from the White House.… 
NORTH CAROLINA — Vote for Dan Bishop in #NC09 and Greg Murphy in #NC03 TOMORROW. Make it a great day for Republicans!
True! Without being stuck at an airport where CNN buys (at a big price) an uninterested audience they’ve got nothing going. @CNN is BAD for America! 
Even Michael Moore agrees that the Dems and Mueller blew it! 
Bill Clinton has been Obama's most effective surrogate out on the trail.
One of the world's tallest buildings @TrumpChicago is not only a 5 star hotel but has 5 star dining options 
The first book signing at Trump Tower for #TimeToGetTough was so popular that I'm doing another one today from noon to 2pm/Trump Tower
.@KatrinaCampins Thank you so much for the wonderful statements you made about me on TV. Also keep up the great work!
Why is @BarackObama delaying the sale of F-16 aircraft to Taiwan? Wrong message to send to China. #TimeToGetTough
...The Fake News is not as important or as powerful as Social Media. They have lost tremendous credibility since that day in November 2016 that I came down the escalator with the person who was to become your future First Lady. When I ultimately leave office in six...
The Media is hopeless. Too bad! 
“Golf is deceptively simple and endlessly complicated. It satisfies the soul and frustrates the intellect. (cont) 
I will be LIVE tweeting tomorrow (MONDAY) nights TWO shows starting at 8:00 P.M. They are both great.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
A true honor to receive the endorsement of John Wayne's daughter....read:  
The Trans-Pacific Partnership is an attack on America's business. It does not  stop Japan's currency manipulation. This is a bad deal.
This November we are going to defeat the Radical Socialist Democrats and win the Great State of Iowa in a Historic Landslide! #KAG2020 
.@SpeakerRyan Congratulations and good luck - you will do a GREAT job for our wonderful U.S.A.!
Oscar Pistorious is guilty as hell!
Congratulations to @BarackObama--he is the first POTUS to run trillion dollar deficits in all four years of his term!
Be tough be focused. There are a lot of ups and downs but you can ride them out if you're prepared for them.
President Obama should bring Secretaty Sebelius into his office look right into her beautiful blue eyes and saywith emotion YOU'RE FIRED!
Departing for India with Melania! 
Tariffs have put the U.S. in a very strong bargaining position with Billions of Dollars and Jobs flowing into our Country - and yet cost increases have thus far been almost unnoticeable. If countries will not make fair deals with us they will be “Tariffed!”
Iran with all of the money and all else given to them by Obama has wanted a way to take over Saudi Arabia &amp; their oil. THEY JUST FOUND IT!
The @WTA released a new #StrongisBeautiful celebrity campaign today. Amazing athletes. Proud to be a part of this.  
Thank you Readers' Choice: Trump Int'l Hotel Las Vegas has been nominated by 10 Best for "Best Pet-Friendly Hotel"   
Just received the new Fox poll.Thank you America! #Trump2016 
Vanity Fair Magazine which used to be one of my favorites is failing badly. Newsstand sales are plummeting--- (cont) 
The Democrat Party has hijacked the House of Representatives... @MarkLevinShow 
Governor Kasich whose failed campaign &amp; debating skills have brought him way down in the polls is going to spend $2.5 million against me.
.@MittRomney should have been more aggressive last night. Yet some polls have him winning the debate.
More of your questions answered in today's video at  here is my appearance on Neil Cavuto 
Just won lawsuit filed by the DNC and a bunch of Democrat crazies trying to claim the Trump Campaign (and others) colluded with Russia. They haven’t figured out that this was an excuse for them losing the election!
“When mistakes are made and they will be the entrepreneur’s true character emerges and further growth takes place.” – The Midas Touch.
The Worker in America is doing better than ever before. Celebrate Labor Day!
“@IvankaTrump: ‘Trump Estates Dubai unlike anything else in the region’”   via @aawsat_eng by Musaid Al-Zayani
Good luck today in court to General Michael Flynn. Will be interesting to see what he has to say despite tremendous pressure being put on him about Russian Collusion in our great and obviously highly successful political campaign. There was no Collusion!
.@TomLlamasABC cannot report the news truthfully. Why not apologize for your fraudulent story on World News Tonight.Gang members &amp; criminals
More dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in ObamaCare. Congratulations America!
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 (20 minutes). Plenty of terrible and tragic news to talk about! Too bad.
Ask: Is there anyone else who can do this better than I can?That’s just another way of saying know yourself &amp; know your competition.
Mr. President take your campaign of division and anger and hate back to Chicago. -- @MittRomney
Look for good ideas outside of your own areas of expertise. Find innovations approaches and practices that you could adapt in your field.
Thank you @JeffJlpa1 and @AmSpec for the wonderful and very true article “Total Desperation on Iran” 
On my way to South Carolina. Big Crowd--- look forward to it!
.@tomhanks was fabulous in @LuckyGuyPlay last night—as was the entire cast.
Thank you! 
Why didn't President Obama just go inside when it started raining yesterday - common sense! The two Marines looked very uncomfortable-&amp; wet.
Last night’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC once again showed why the ultimate onus lies with the project manager. The buck stops there.
A great day in New Jersey for Trump!  &amp; 
Still a great time to buy residential property.  The courts are holding up foreclosures.  Buy directly from the banks.
Never has the press been more inaccurate unfair or corrupt! We are not fighting the Democrats they are easy we are fighting the seriously dishonest and unhinged Lamestream Media. They have gone totally CRAZY. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
...accurately. 90% of media coverage of my Administration is negative despite the tremendously positive results we are achieving it’s no surprise that confidence in the media is at an all time low! I will not allow our great country to be sold out by anti-Trump haters in the...
No wonder boxing is close to dead!

....If there is a Runoff in Louisiana you will have a great new Republican Governor who will Cut your Taxes and Car Insurance and do a fabulous job for you and your family. Vote Republican the Party of Honest Abe Lincoln!
I am monitoring the situation in Venezuela very closely. The United States stands with the People of Venezuela and their Freedom!
#trumpvlog My thoughts on gasoline prices skyrocketing...... 
Via @HorsetalkNZ: “NY’s Central Park Horse Show a huge success”  
Thanks Kayleigh! 
The Economy is the BEST IT HAS EVER BEEN! Even much of the Fake News is giving me credit for that!
“We can’t secure the Border because of the Democrats historic level of Obstruction. The Presidents fed up with this. His agenda is working. The economy is growing at twice the rate it did under Obama. We’ve nominated and confirmed 68 Federal Judges 26 Court of Appeals Judges....
.@BilldeBlasio should focus on running #NYC &amp; all of the problems that he has caused with his ineptitude &amp; not be so focused on me!
Kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in Ohio. I will bring them back! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I think they should blame RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA again! If they can’t count votes properly how are they going to run U.S. HealthCare? 
I turned down going to the debate tonight so that I could do live tweets to my many followers.
My @FoxNews interview from yesterday with @TeamCavuto discussing the economy my trip to Australia @MittRomne… (cont) 
Vattenfall the promoter of the money losing wind farm plan in Aberdeen Scotland just took a loss of $4.6 billion after dumb European move
Great to talk jobs with #NABTU2017. Tremendous spirit &amp; optimism - we will deliver! 
My @FoxNews interview last night on @hannityshow discussing OWS and  @BarackObama's incompetent leadership.  
China has agreed to reduce and remove tariffs on cars coming into China from the U.S. Currently the tariff is 40%.
“Sometimes you have to take a half step back to take two forward.” - @VinceMcMahon
I told all of the haters and losers long ago that Iraq would fall take the OIL or get out fast! Massive waste of lives and trillions of $'s
I don't like the opening even a little bit!
.@BarackObama's Super PAC has continually called @MittRomney a "murderer"    Ironic since Obama is destroying Medicare.
When is Twitter going to allow the very popular Conservative Voices that it has so viciously shut down back into the OPEN? IT IS TIME!
And Trump SoHo New York is one of the hottest new hotels anywhere.... 
We just finished shooting a new season of Celebrity Apprentice and happily for all Joan plays my advisor in two episodes. She was great!
Work is fun deals are fun life is fun - but love of a great family makes it all come together. Go out there and make your family proud.
The Democrats Scam goes on and on! They Do Nothing! 
ISIS exploded on Hillary Clinton's watch- she's done nothing about it and never will. Not capable!
Thank you. 
#CrookedHillary is not qualified!
The entire village of Blackdog in Scotland protested to the Council last night about the ugly windmills. @AlexSalmond @pressjournal
Congressman @PeteSessions of Texas is a true fighter and patriot. Highly respected in D.C. by all he always gets what his district and our country wants and needs. Strong on Crime Border Military Vets and 2nd Amendment. Pete has my Full and Total Endorsement. A great guy!
.@NBC just announced that all 1 hour @CelebApprentice episodes are being expanded to 2 hours—it’s amazing what good ratings will do!
Massive crowds in Pennsylvania tonight. Thank you for joining me! 
Hillary said such nasty things about me read directly off her teleprompter...but there was no emotion no truth. Just can't read speeches!
Mini Mike is a 5’4” mass of dead energy who does not want to be on the debate stage with these professional politicians. No boxes please. He hates Crazy Bernie and will with enough money possibly stop him. Bernie’s people will go nuts!
Great rally last night in Massachusetts. 2000 people at a house - must be a record! Unbelievable spirit to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
Blackdog Scotland started a petition against @VattenfallGroup.  
All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC continues to surprise our loyal viewers each and every week. More and bigger coming…
Apple prices may increase because of the massive Tariffs we may be imposing on China - but there is an easy solution where there would be ZERO tax and indeed a tax incentive. Make your products in the United States instead of China. Start building new plants now. Exciting! #MAGA
Obama administration fails to screen Syrian refugees' social media accounts:
“Joe Biden represents the past. President Trump represents the future.” @LisaMarieBoothe @edhenry @FoxNews
For what is the best choice for each individual is the highest it is possible for him to achieve.   Aristotle
Curt Schilling deserves to be in the Baseball Hall of Fame. Great record especially when under pressure and when it mattered most. Do what everyone in Baseball knows is right! @marklevinshow
Under Trump gains against #ISIS have dramatically 
“The Mueller Report is perhaps the single most humiliating thing that has ever happened to the White House Press in the history of this Country. They know they lied...Many reporters lied about Russia Collusion and so much more. Clapper &amp; Brennan all lies” @TuckerCarlson
The Farmers are going to be so happy when they see what we are doing for Ethanol not even including the E-15 year around which is already done. It will be a giant package get ready! At the same time I was able to save the small refineries from certain closing. Great for all!
On behalf of the American People CONGRATULATIONS! We love you! 
There can never be a sharp economic recovery until @BarackObama is out of the White House.
The Woodward book is a scam. I don’t talk the way I am quoted. If I did I would not have been elected President. These quotes were made up. The author uses every trick in the book to demean and belittle. I wish the people could see the real facts - and our country is doing GREAT!
Consumer prices rose in June due to OPEC  OPEC continues to rip off hard working American families daily.
The media can track down @PaulRyan's old girlfriend and marathon time but can't find @BarackObama's college applications or other info.
Can it just be new age that Manti Te’o fell in love with a girl he never met or is it a hoax?
....conflicted and compromised Mueller again. He said he was “done” after his last 9 minute speech and that he had nothing more to say outside of the No Collusion No Obstruction Report. Enough already go back to work! I won unanimously the big Emoluments case yesterday!
“Biden would be China’s Dream Candidate because there would be no more Tariffs no more demands that China stop stealing our IP things would go back to the old days with America’s manufacturers &amp; workers getting shafted. He has Zero Credibility!” @IngrahamAngle  So true!
Melania our great and very hard working First Lady who truly loves what she is doing always thought that “if you run you will win.” She would tell everyone that “no doubt he will win.” I also felt I would win (or I would not have run) - and Country is doing great!
Dirty cops! 
Just concluded a great meeting with my Intel team in the Oval Office who told me that what they said on Tuesday at the Senate Hearing was mischaracterized by the media - and we are very much in agreement on Iran ISIS North Korea etc. Their testimony was distorted press.... 
Obama can sign an illegal executive action anytime for ObamaCare but he can’t fix the illegal loophole.

Thank you to our GREAT Military/Veterans and @PacificCommand.Remember #PearlHarbor. Remember the @USSArizona!A day I’ll never forget. 
..This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now before it continues to stain our country any further. Bob Mueller is totally conflicted and his 17 Angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to USA!
Just for your info tax returns have 0 to do w/ someone’s net worth. I have already filed my financial statements w/ FEC. They are great!
Many people are saying that my challenge to Obama is having a huge negative effect on his poll numbers --- I agree.
A poll should be done on which is the more dishonest and deceitful newspaper the Failing New York Times or the Amazon (lobbyist) Washington Post! They are both a disgrace to our Country the Enemy of the People but I just can’t seem to figure out which is worse? The good.....
Congratulations to a future STAR of the Republican Party future Senator John James. A big and bold victory tonight in the Great State of Michigan - the first of many. November can’t come fast enough!
Commodity prices are beginning  to drop as a result of the Euro crisis 
The New York Times had no legitimate sources which would be totally illegal concerning the Mueller Report. In fact they probably had no sources at all! They are a Fake News paper who have already been forced to apologize for their incorrect and very bad reporting on me!
Exclusive interview w/ my wife @MELANIATRUMP- tomorrow morning @ 8amE on @Morning_Joe w/ @morningmika @MSNBC. Enjoy! 
“The reality is that this was a plot from the very beginning to frame Trump....” @RudyGiuliani 
Credible Source on 9-11 Muslim Celebrations: FBI 
Hillary Clinton has bad judgment and is unfit to serve as President.
...approvals of The Keystone XL &amp; Dakota Access pipelines. Also look at the recent EPA cancelations &amp; our great new Supreme Court Justice!
“The President has until September 30th to give this aid to Ukraine. He gets it out on September 11th. 3 weeks before the deadline. So we give our ally aid and Joe Biden is not investigated. Remember that they get the aid and we get nothing in return. The Democrats....
Hopefully Republican Senators good people all can quickly get together and pass a new (repeal &amp; replace) HEALTHCARE bill. Add saved $'s.
Chuck Schumer I agree! 
Pageant people are really talking about Venezuela Brazil Mexico USA India Australia.
Off to North Carolina! 
The Failing @nytimes the pipe organ for the Democrat Party has become a virtual lobbyist for them with regard to our massive Tax Cut Bill. They are wrong so often that now I know we have a winner!
Just to show you how dishonest certain reporters are here is my @foxandfriends interview- 
Diane Black of Tennessee the highly respected House Budget Committee Chairwoman did a GREAT job in passing Budget setting up big Tax Cuts
ObamaCare is on LIFE SUPPORT - it will soon be DEAD ON ARRIVAL - A bad concept that was imcompetently administered!
I won every debate so far according to all debate polls including @DRUDGE_REPORT @TIME @Slate and more. Too bad dopey @megynkelly lies!
New Hampshire vote today -  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Congratulations to newly inaugurated Mexican President @lopezobrador_. He had a tremendous political victory with the great support of the Mexican People. We will work well together for many years to come!
Brett Kavanaugh should start suing people for liable or the Justice Department should come to his rescue. The lies being told about him are unbelievable. False Accusations without recrimination. When does it stop? They are trying to influence his opinions. Can’t let that happen!
Our country needs a president with great leadership skills and vision not someone like Hillary or Barack neither of which has a clue!
QE3 a political favor for Obama will cause record inflation on food and fuel.  This hits low income families the hardest. Big mistake.
Sad when you think about it but Mexico right now is doing more for the United States at the Border than the Democrats in Congress! @foxandfriends
Bus crash in Tennessee so sad &amp; so terrible. Condolences to all family members and loved ones. These beautiful children will be remembered!
So if there was knowingly &amp; acknowledged to be “zero” crime when the Special Counsel was appointed and if the appointment was made based on the Fake Dossier (paid for by Crooked Hillary) and now disgraced Andrew McCabe (he &amp; all stated no crime) then the Special Counsel.......
... at Madison Square Garden followed by a ceremony with 80000 people at MetLife Stadium Wrestlemania.
So sad to hear of the terrorist attack in Egypt. U.S. strongly condemns. I have great...
.@somelikeitlar hope you enjoyed the premiere of All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. Make sure @marklevinshow watches!
No complaints but how many people would be watching these really dumb but record setting debates if I wasn't in them? Interesting question!
The least number of hurricanes in the U.S. in decades. So they change global warming (too cold) to climate change-now what will they call it
Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary. He wants four more years of Obama—but nobody else does!
More great information from the @NatlParkService for Thursday’s Fourth of July Celebration here in Washington D.C. #SaluteToAmerica🇺🇸 
STRONG &amp; UNITED WE WILL PREVAIL! 
Everyone should calm down. @BenAffleck is going to do a great job as Batman.
.@BretBaier  Thank you for the very fair and highly professional segment on me tonight. Many people watched and commented.
“California is trying to meddle with a ballot in order to oppose President Trump and it’s clearly something California is not allowed to do. It violates the right of the Republican Party or any party to choose its leaders under the Free Speech clause and under the 14th.....
.@AlexSalmond suffered a huge defeat by the people of Blackdog. Communities all over Scotland are fighting this loser.
Cruz going down fast in recent polls- dropping like a rock. Lies never work!
Wow @CNN RATINGS HAVE CRASHED. LOST ALL CREDIBILITY!
They are rigging the election again against Bernie Sanders just like last time only even more obviously. They are bringing him out of so important Iowa in order that as a Senator he sit through the Impeachment Hoax Trial. Crazy Nancy thereby gives the strong edge to Sleepy...
The #1 trend on Twitter right now is #TrumpWon - thank you!
Join me live- now in Las Vegas Nevada! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! #VoteTrumpNV #NevadaCaucus 
The Fake News Media is working hard so that information about the Whistleblower’s identity which may be very bad for them and their Democrat partners never reaches the Public.
Happy Birthday to my legendary friend Aretha Franklin.
This season’s cast of  @ApprenticeNBC brings excitement to the Board Room. Lots of surprises &amp; great tasks. Enjoy – Jan. 4th!
See Schneiderman admit he spoke with Obama about “ongoing investigations." 
Jeb Bush is weak on illegal immigration in favor of common core bad on women's health issues and thinks the Iraq war was a good thing.
Without more Republicans in Congress we were forced to increase spending on things we do not like or want in order to finally after many years of depletion take care of our Military. Sadly we needed some Dem votes for passage. Must elect more Republicans in 2018 Election!
Immigration reform is fine—but don’t rush to give away our country! Sounds like that’s what’s happening.
Mark Levin speaking one week after I took office. This was always a planned COUP and the Radical Left Democrats will suffer at the polls in 2020! 
....Donald Trump and now we find out that there wasn’t even a hearing - that Donald Trump’s 4th Amendment right to privacy was signed away...and someone in there is swearing that this stuff is true when it wasn’t? This is the scandal here - a police state.”  Dan Bongino
Thank you for joining us at the Lincoln Memorial tonight- a very special evening! Together we are going to MAKE AM… 
Any American who fights w/ ISIS in Iraq or Syria should have their passport revoked. If they try to come back in send them to Gitmo.
A special message for Martin Bashir- 
Welcome to @BarackObama's America - 8.74 million workers on 'Federal Disability"  Where are the jobs?!
From ABC News: "In Demand: Washington's Highest (and lowest) Speaking Fees"  by Scott Wilson 
Witch Hunt! 
.@Yankees should get rid of A-Rod ASAP--I can't watch this guy anymore!
The Bernie Sanders supporters are furious with the choice of Tim Kaine who represents the opposite of what Bernie stands for. Philly fight?
No more massive injections. Tiny children are not horses—one vaccine at a time over time.
A week after Biden says that the Taliban is not our enemy the Taliban demand that we pay Iraq for a 9 year occupation. 
Australia’s Central Bank cut interest rates and stated it will most likely further ease in order to make up for China’s Coronavirus situation and slowdown. They reduced to 0.5% a record low. Other countries are doing the same thing if not more so. Our Federal Reserve has us....
How long did it take your staff of 823 people to think that up--and where are your 33000 emails that you deleted? 
On this Cuban Independence Day we stand by the people of Cuba in their quest for freedom democracy and prosperity. The Cuban regime must end its repression of Cubans &amp; Venezuelans. The United States will not stand idly by as Cuba continues to subvert democracy in the Americas!
“We hold that legislative prayer is government speech not open to attack via those channels.” Third Circuit Court of Appeals. “Lou that’s why this next Election is so important the soul of America. They want to take religion out of American lives. Thank God for judges like....
Looking forward to the 2010 Miss USA Pageant Sunday May 16 on NBC 7 p.m. ET hosted by Curtis Stone & Natalie Morales live from Las Vegas.
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! 
Thank you @ShopFloorNAM. An honor to be with you today. Great news! Manufacturers report record-high economic optimism in 2017. #TaxReform 
....The greatest Witch Hunt in political history!
Democrats admitting the Impeachment Hoax! 
Watch @IvankaTrump show you how easy it is to #CaucusForTrump in Iowa! #IACaucus Video:  
Despite the fact that I have had great success with the words YOU'RE FIRED I do not like firing people. But ZERO on ObamaCare mess-no way!
I hear the very ungrateful @ArsenioHall has a show that is absolutely dying in the ratings. Really too bad!
“John Brennan no single figure in American history has done more to discredit the Intelligence community than this liar. He’s a liar about being a liar.”
My @gretawire interview discussing @BarackObama's misleading political ad @MittRomney's response and @Cher  &amp; @Rosie 
“You can attack defend counterattack sell or ignore. ”-Roger Ailes to Pres. Reagan during prep for 2nd Mondale debate/ '84 election
Look here's  the deal: @BarackObama has been a total disaster. He has spent this country into the ground and destroyed jobs #TimeToGetTough
Adversity is a fact of life. Be bigger than the problems be ready to fight for your rights &amp; all will be well – Trump Never Give Up
Pervert alert.  @RepWeiner is back on twitter. All girls under the age of 18 block him immediately.
Thank you Texas! If you haven't registered to VOTE- today is your last day. Go to:  &amp; get ou… 
Obama’s second term is going to very tough for the Republicans.  The Republicans must pick their battles wisely and play smart.
.@sternshow My interview with Howard Stern this morning!   
A beautiful funeral today for a real NYC hero Detective Steven McDonald. Our law enforcement community has my complete and total support.
America's debt officially became 100% of our GDP on @BarackObama's 50th birthday---coincidence?
--From Donald Trump: "Ivanka and Jared’s wedding was spectacular and they make a beautiful couple. I’m a very proud father."
Thank you Michigan! This is a MOVEMENT that will never be seen again- it's our last chance to #DrainTheSwamp! Watch… 
Americans by &amp; large hate ObamaCare. They see Obama lied to get it passed. They see big business &amp; gov’t got waivers. Defund!
Amazing how the haters &amp; losers keep tweeting the name “F**kface Von Clownstick” like they are so original &amp; like no one else is doing it...
Mayweather is getting absolutely killed!
The Democrats in the Super Committee want to raise taxes first in deficit talks. Huge mistake. Cut wasteful spending first.
As a candidate I promised we would pass a massive TAX CUT for the everyday working American families who are the backbone and the heartbeat of our country. Now we are just days away... 
If once you forfeit the confidence of your fellow citizens you can never regain their respect and their esteem.  Abraham Lincoln
Why can't the pundits be honest? Hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. I will make it strong and great!  JOBS!
Today I announced an Air Traffic Control Initiative to take American air travel into the future - finally!➡️… 
...&amp; overwhelming” but this Scam Impeachment was neither. Also very unfair with no Due Process proper representation or witnesses. Now Pelosi is demanding everything the Republicans weren’t allowed to have in the House. Dems want to run majority Republican Senate. Hypocrites!
Stop congratulating Obama for killing Bin Laden. The Navy Seals killed Bin Laden. #debate
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
“Nancy Pelosi all of a sudden doesn’t like the payroll tax cut but when Obama proposed it she thought it was a brilliant thing that all of the working families would benefit from because if you get a paycheck you’re going to take home more money.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends
Is Anthony Weiner a jerk or what!
I watched POTUS speech from Europe---same old "tax and spend" won't create jobs.
.@JebBush is totally lost -- he spends too much time managing the bloated staff of his campaign &amp; not enough talking about America's future.
Thank you.  
Thank you for your interest &amp; support during last nights #GOPDebate! #IACaucus finder:  
Glad to see that the Egyptian Army is releasing Mubarek. As we see Obama never should have abandoned him. He was an ally.
“Out of clutter find Simplicity. From discord find Harmony. In the middle of difficulty lies Opportunity.”–Albert Einstein
If you love your work the difficulties will be balanced out by the enjoyment.  Think Big
Robert I'm getting a lot of heat for saying you should dump Kristen- but I'm right. If you saw the Miss Universe girls you would reconsider.
It came out that Huma Abedin knows all about Hillary’s private illegal emails. Huma’s PR husband Anthony Weiner will tell the world.
Donald Trump's Speech Is a Game Changer. # 
THE BEST IS YET TO COME! 
.@HillaryClinton has been doing this for THIRTY YEARS....where has she been? #BigLeagueTruth
Obama’s China ‘climate’ deal binds America with language of ‘will’ curb emissions now while China only ‘intends’ to curb in 2030. Bad deal!
I just won a big Court decision (N.Y. Post) against some character who claimed I owed him licensing fees on success of my shirts and ties.
Remember when @ariannahuff ran for Governor of California. She got 3 votes.
Word is that crying @GlennBeck left the GOP and doesn't have the right to vote in the Republican primary. Dumb as a rock.
The election was a major setback for economy. All young entrepreneurs should be sure to calculate Obama's policies into their investments.
Lightweight reporter Alex Pareene @pareene is known as a total joke in political circles. Hence he writes for Loser Salon. @Salon
I will have set the all time record in primary votes in the Republican party --despite having to compete against 17 other people!
Barack Obama is hard at work today on his highest priority--his reelection. @BarackObama has 5 fundraisers in 2 cities.
Get our Marine out of Mexico. 
Congratulations to @TrumpSoHo for once again receiving the AAA Five Diamond Award for another year!
Entrepreneurs: Realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith. Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss?
“Fox News has learned that Bruce Ohr wrote Christopher Steele following the firing of James Comey saying that he was afraid the anti-Trump Russia probe will be exposed.”  Charles Payne  @FoxBusiness   How much more does Mueller have to see? They have blinders on - RIGGED!
Great meeting w/ coal miners &amp; leaders from the Virginia coal industry- thank you! # 
If the Democrats are going to defend the Radical Left “Squad” and King Elijah’s Baltimore Fail it will be a long road to 2020. The good news for the Dems is that they have the Fake News Media in their pocket!
My book Midas Touch with Robert Kiyosaki (Rich Dad Poor Dad) will be in bookstores tomorrow--it's a grea… (cont) 
Check out Serta's Counting Sheep (and me) at the Trump International Hotel New York 
Never let them see you sweat! 
The oil reserve is a strageic asset for a time of war and an embargo. @BarackObama should open more land for drilling not tap the reserve.
#VoteTrumpID! #
I will not be attending the White House Correspondents' Association Dinner this year. Please wish everyone well and have a great evening!
So pathetic to see Sleepy Joe Biden who with his son Hunter and to the detriment of the American Taxpayer has ripped off at least two countries for millions of dollars calling for my impeachment - and I did nothing wrong. Joe’s Failing Campaign gave him no other choice!
I will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10:00. You will find it very interesting (I hope). Enjoy!
America is going to build again. Under budget and ahead of schedule. Time to put #AmericaFirst! #InfrastructureWeek… 
I look forward to playing golf with President @BarackObama someday.
....”That story (Kavanaugh) is nowhere near the standard that should be met in publishing a story.” @brithume @FoxNews
.@andydean2014 Thank you you were great. You can defend me anytime. Amazing job.
REGISTER TO VOTE!  
....This now allows for the passage of large scale Tax Cuts (and Reform) which will be the biggest in the history of our country!
Whether you like Obama or not Bob Gates turned out to be one disloyal dude! Personally I hate rats.
The cast for next season looks really good!
.@McLaughlinGroup Greatly appreciate yr wonderful comments this weekend. People of “great accomplishment” should easily quality for prez.
It would show great weakness if Israel allowed Rep. Omar and Rep.Tlaib to visit. They hate Israel &amp; all Jewish people &amp; there is nothing that can be said or done to change their minds. Minnesota and Michigan will have a hard time putting them back in office. They are a disgrace!
Thank you Tampa Florida!#AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain 
Re Life:  Life is very fragile and success doesn’t change that. If anything success makes it more fragile.
Taking a photo with my family on the opening day of Trump International Golf Links Scotland- 
Watch @MissUSA Olivia Culpo crowned  as @MissUniverse 2012 in the Trump #MissUniverse Pageant 
With Obama and Bernanke destroying the value of the dollar gold and real estate should continue to rise in value.
WELCOME HOME AYA!#GodBlessTheUSA🇺🇸 
Without focus it's just impossible to be successful at anything. --Midas Touch
Via World Tribune "The elites' problem with Donald Trump: He's not for sale" by Jeffrey T. Kuhner 
.@gerardtbaker Gerard—wonderful job last night as moderator of the debate. I told many “really smart and elegant.”
Wow Mark Levin’s new book opened at #1. It is great – keep it there for a long time! 
The failing @nytimes talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened. Their reporting is fiction. The media protects Hillary!
NEVER TRUMPERS!
Many on the team and staff of Bernie Sanders have been treated badly by the Hillary Clinton campaign - and they like Trump on trade a lot!
I will be in Washington D.C. on Wednesday1 P.M.in front of the Capitol to protest the horrible and incompetent deal being made with Iran.
The rallies in Utah and Arizona were great! Tremendous crowds and spirit. Just returned but will be going back soon.
....and other really bad people SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN! They even had an “insurance policy” just in case Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats lost their race for the Presidency! This is the biggest &amp; worst political scandal in the history of the United States of America. Sad!
Philly FOP Chief On Presidential Endorsement: Clinton ‘Blew The Police Off' 
Doesn’t help Kasich to do negative ads on me because he still has to go through everyone else  - he’s almost last.
The Boston Globe which was sold to the the Failing New York Times for 1.3 BILLION DOLLARS (plus 800 million dollars in losses &amp; investment) or 2.1 BILLION DOLLARS was then sold by the Times for 1 DOLLAR. Now the Globe is in COLLUSION with other papers on free press. PROVE IT!
Happy 71st Birthday to our GREAT United States Air Force! 
....Conditions drug prices down for first time in 51 years (&amp; soon will drop much further) Right to Try protecting your 2nd Amendment big Tax &amp; Reg Cuts 3.2 GDP Strong Foreign Policy &amp; much much more that nobody else would have been able to do. Our Country is doing GREAT!
In our Country so much money has been poured down the drain for so many years but the Democrats fight us like cats and dogs when it comes to spending on Boarder Security (including a Wall) and the Military. We won on the Military it is being completely rebuilt. We will win...
Obama and Clinton told the same lie to sell #ObamaCare. #Debates2016 
Sorry to hear of the passing of Neil Armstrong over the weekend. He was an American hero.
Had a fantastic dinner last night at Quattro in the Trump SoHo Hotel. It's already one of the hottest new restaurants in the city.
The Great State of Arizona where I just had a massive rally (amazing people) has a very weak and ineffective Senator Jeff Flake. Sad!
'As Senator Clinton promised 200000 jobs in Upstate New York - her efforts fell flat.'  
Wow sexual assaults in the military have gone through the roof far worse than anybody could have predicted!
#FlashbackFriday @kimkardashian on the set of @ApprenticeNBC 
#ImWithYou 
I hope the grandstanding Governor of California is able to spend his very highly taxed citizens money on asylum holds more efficiently than money has been spent on the so-called Fast Train which is $Billions over budget &amp; in total disarray. Time to reduce taxes in California!
“Failure isn’t fatal but failure to change might be” – John Wooden
“Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games.” - Babe Ruth
Newsmax is a great news org and and its pres debate in IA on 12-27 will be fair balanced  and informative. @ralphreed
Once again @LilJon has competed at a very high level on Celebrity All Star @ApprenticeNBC. He is a great competitor.
The Press has never been more dishonest than it is today. Stories are written that have absolutely no basis in fact. The writers don’t even call asking for verification. They are totally out of control. Sadly I kept many of them in business. In six years they all go BUST!
Our great project in South America Trump Tower Punta Del Este in Uruguay will have spectacular views and the... 
Thank you @DonaldJTrumpJr. Proud of you! #RNCinCLE #TrumpPence2016 
Aluminum prices are down 12% since I instituted Tariffs on Aluminum Dumping - and the U.S. will be taking in Billions plus jobs. Nice!
German DAX way up due to stimulus remarks from Mario Draghi. Very unfair to the United States!
Weird--why did BarackObama Sr. fail to list @BarackObama as his son in his 1961 INS application? 
My two wonderful sons Don and Eric will be on @foxandfriends at 7:02 - now! Enjoy.
...completely avoided if you buy from a non-Tariffed Country or you buy the product inside the USA (the best idea). That’s Zero Tariffs. Many Tariffed companies will be leaving China for Vietnam and other such countries in Asia. That’s why China wants to make a deal so badly!...
Congrats to @EricTrump and @LaraLeaYunaska on a great five years!
The Patch a total loser for @AOL will be a good deal compared to @HuffingtonPost. @ariannahuff laughs at “stupid” Armstrong!
My @foxandfriends interview discussing ObamaCare the Romney-Trump fundraiser &amp; my plans for Jones Beach 
Meeting with “Chuck and Nancy” today about keeping government open and working. Problem is they want illegal immigrants flooding into our Country unchecked are weak on Crime and want to substantially RAISE Taxes. I don’t see a deal!
Illegal immigration is a top National Security problem. After decades of playing games with the whole World laughing at the stupidity of our immigration laws and with Democrats thinking...
After years of rebuilding OTHER nations we are finally rebuilding OUR nation. We are finally putting AMERICA FIRST! #KAG2020 
Alex Rodriguez has played under 140 games in each of the last five seasons. He will miss half of next season.  Really bad deal for @yankees.
....In addition I want to meet not only my accuser who presented SECOND &amp; THIRD HAND INFORMATION but also the person who illegally gave this information which was largely incorrect to the “Whistleblower.” Was this person SPYING on the U.S. President? Big Consequences!
#Trump2016 #IACaucus Finder: 
Just arrived in Las Vegas for a packed house speech tomorrow. Big poll results today Leading big everywhere. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
A Poll in today’s New York Post says that 77% of “U.S. adults have confidence in their government’s ability to handle the Coronavirus (Number One) compared to other health threats.” 64% for Zika 58% for Ebola. Others way down on list. Our professionals are doing a great job!
Brilliant Constitutional Lawyer Dr. John Eastman said the Special Prosecutor (Mueller) should have NEVER been appointed in the first place. The entire exercise was fundamentally illegal. The Witch Hunt should never happen to another President of the U.S. again. A TOTAL SCAM! 
We must build a great wall between Mexico and the United States! 

It was 25 years ago today that Pan Am flight 103 was downed by a terrorist killing 270 innocent people. @AlexSalmond released the terrorist!
A record 1.2 million Americans have left the job force during @BarackObama's "recovery"   Don't trust the job numbers.
Incredible numbers! 
“Problems setbacks mistakes &amp; losses are all part of life. We shouldn't be shocked if and when they happen.” – Think Like a Champion
#
.@RepChrisCollins  Chris thank you so much for your wonderful endorsement. I will not let you down! @CNN
Staff Sgt. Salvatore A. Giunta received the Medal of Honor from Pres. Obama this month. It was a great honor to have him visit me today.
Make sure to follow me on @periscopeco #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@megynkelly is very bad at math. She was totally unable to figure out the difference between me and Cruz in the new Monmouth Poll 41to14.
THANK YOU to our generous hosts in Hanoi this week: President Trong Prime Minister Phuc and the wonderful people of Vietnam! 
Prediction: Rand Paul has been driven out of the race by my statements about him-- he will announce soon. 1%!
.@WhoopiGoldberg had better surround herself with better hosts than Nicole Wallace who doesn't have a clue. The show is close to death!
If U.C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - NO FEDERAL FUNDS?
I read @willweatherford’s comments that “the lights are dimming on gambling in Florida”—nothing could be worse for the state.
.@NikkiHaley is out with a new book “With All Due Respect” this week. Make sure you order your copy today or stop by one of her book tour stops to get a copy and say hello. Good luck Nikki! 
Shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. We must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
With $250M of renovations Trump Int'l DC’s 250 expansive guest rooms will be DC's top offering of amenities &amp; views 
I would like to thank a great writer and person @JPappasPR. of REAL ESTATE WEEKLY for the wonderful story on me. Very much appreciated!
Don't believe the @FoxNews Polls they are just another phony hit job on me. I will beat Hillary Clinton easily in the General Election.
With America's debt topping $21T by the end of his presidency Obama will have effectively bankrupted our country. @davidaxelrod
Fallout from Iowa: Trump Speech Drew Greatest Response  via @Newsmax_Media by Jim Meyers 
Tomorrow families across our Nation will gather to celebrate the Fourth of July. As we do we will think of the men &amp; women serving overseas at this very moment far away from their families protecting America - &amp; we will thank GOD for blessing us with these incredible HEROES! 
Via @EWErickson: “Stop Complaining About Donald Trump” 
....with the U.S. and wishes it had not broken the original deal in the first place. In the meantime we are receiving Billions of Dollars in Tariffs from China with possibly much more to come. These Tariffs are paid for by China devaluing &amp; pumping not by the U.S. taxpayer!
A massive crowd that Fake News &amp; some Dems didn’t want to Report! 
Everybody is with Tomi Lahren a truly outstanding and respected young woman! @foxandfriends
Donald Trump trademarked Reagan slogan &amp; would like to stop other Republicans from using it  via @businessinsider
South Korea has agreed to pay substantially more money to the United States in order to defend itself from North Korea. Over the past many decades the U.S. has been paid very little by South Korea but last year at the request of President Trump South Korea paid $990000000..
The federal gov. has handled Sandy worse than Katrina. There is no excuse why people don't have electricity or fuel yet.
Reverend Wright must have great hatred for Obama and the manner in which he was shunted aside.
I am pleased to inform you that the Honorable Joseph Maguire current Director of the National Counterterrorism Center will be named Acting Director of National Intelligence effective August 15th. Admiral Maguire has a long and distinguished....
....impeaching him. They hate the fact above all that this president is delivering. Substantial policy results for the working Americans who put him in the White House and they can’t beat him in a fair fight next year.” @NextRevFNC  @SteveHiltonx  Thank you Steve!

After having written many best selling books and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write it should be noted that the Fake News constantly likes to pour over my tweets looking for a mistake. I capitalize certain words only for emphasis not b/c they should be capitalized!
Iran the Number One State of Sponsored Terror with numerous violations of Human Rights occurring on an hourly basis has now closed down the Internet so that peaceful demonstrators cannot communicate. Not good!
I will be interviewed on The O'Reilly Factor this evening at 8 pm on the Fox News Channel. @oreillyfactor

Reports are that basketball great Kobe Bryant and three others have been killed in a helicopter crash in California. That is terrible news!
“Democrat Texas Congressman Al Green says impeachment is the only thing that can prevent President Trump from re-election in 2020.” @OANN  In other words Dems can’t win the election fairly. You can’t impeach a president for creating the best economy in our country’s history.....
Looked at plans for Trump Doral Country Club today. It will be amazing! Glad to be in Miami.
Nobody would fight harder for free speech than me but why  taunt over and over again in order to provoke possible death to audience. DUMB!
If the presidential election were held today according to this @surveyusa poll Donald Trump would defeat any Dem: 
FLASHBACK – “Donald Trump Answers Boy’s Prayer for New Bike”  via @FoxNewsInsider
I was not scheduled to be on the @oreillyfactor. Pure fiction!
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst.  
I will be making a major announcement tomorrow (Thursday February 2) at 12:30 pm at Trump International Hotel & (cont) 
If other countries benefit from our armed forces protecting them those countries should pay for the protection.  #TimeToGetTough
Tell Iran to let our Christian Pastor go--and I mean right now. If they don't there will be hell to pay.
.@MatthewJDowd thank you for the nice comments recently especially on @BarbaraJWalters. My family &amp; I greatly appreciate your kind words.
Via @DailyCaller: "Trump on Obama and Congress: ‘Lock them up’ in a room like Vatican conclave"  by @NicholasBallasy
....He is tough on Crime Strong on Borders and will fight for our Second Amendment. Daniel will never let you down. He has my Full and Complete Endorsement!
“Special Council is told to find crimes wether crimes exist or not. I was opposed the the selection of Mueller to be Special Council I still am opposed to it. I think President Trump was right when he said there never should have been a Special Council appointed because.....
Wow Rowanne Brewer the most prominently depicted woman in the failing @nytimes story yesterday was on @foxandfriends saying Times lied
Via @SteveKingIA’s Steve King for Congress Facebook Page: “Donald Trump has a special announcement!”  
Why is it that the Fake News rarely reports Ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives? It's dead!
Sorry folks but Bernie Sanders is exhausted just can't go on any longer. He is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and DNC disrespect. SAD!
How come there are no protests in favor of the two young police officers gunned down in Mississippi by two deranged animals. DEATH PENALTY!
“ACU ANNOUNCES DONALD TRUMP TO ADDRESS CPAC 2013”  via @CPACnews

Great honor to receive today's endorsement of @RickSantorum. Really nice! #Trump2016
HAPPY BIRTHDAY @USCG! 
Congratulations to all the Trump 2012 #MissUniverse contestants who came from across the world. You did great and made us all proud!
'Trump rally disrupter was once on Clinton's payroll'
Pennsylvania: Cast your vote for Trump for POTUS &amp; ALSO vote for the TRUMP DELEGATES in your congressional district! 
I totally respect that Angelina Jolie has shown such great bravery in the face of danger - she has really come a long and positive way!
Just Out: “Kavanaugh accuser doesn’t recall incident.” @foxandfriends  DO YOU BELIEVE WHAT THESE HORRIBLE PEOPLE WILL DO OR SAY. They are looking to destroy and influence his opinions - but played the game badly. They should be sued!
When the Super Committee fails @BarackObama will get exactly what he really wants--automatic cuts in defense spending. This is his plan.

I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on @FoxNews at 2:00 P.M. and 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Guatemala Honduras and El Salvador were not able to do the job of stopping people from leaving their country and coming illegally to the U.S. We will now begin cutting off or substantially reducing the massive foreign aid routinely given to them.
....hundreds of Iranian protesters. He was already attacking our Embassy and preparing for additional hits in other locations. Iran has been nothing but problems for many years. Let this serve as a WARNING that if Iran strikes any Americans or American assets we have.....
I believe Lance Armstrong had death wish when he did interview w/Oprah—as I predicted everybody is suing him he’ll have nothing left
So true Ivanka! 
Thank you- Nashua New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain # 
Just watched the Great @RickBarry44 Backetball Hall of Famer on the @marklevinshow @FoxNews. A wonderful interview of a very smart and interesting guy by the man Mark Levin who has the number one bestselling book Unfreedom of the Press. Two Winners!
There is no one better to represent the people of N.Y. and Staten Island (a place I know very well) than @RepDanDonovan who is strong on Borders &amp; Crime loves our Military &amp; our Vets voted for Tax Cuts and is helping me to Make America Great Again. Dan has my full endorsement!
Sergio Marchionne who passed away today was one of the most brilliant &amp; successful car executives since the days of the legendary Henry Ford. It was a great honor for me to get to know Sergio as POTUS he loved the car industry and fought hard for it. He will be truly missed!
Social Media Giants are silencing millions of people. Can’t do this even if it means we must continue to hear Fake News like CNN whose ratings have suffered gravely. People have to figure out what is real and what is not without censorship!
Entrepreneurs: Take responsibility for yourself. It’s a very empowering attitude.
I promise not to do this to Greenland! 
Goofy Elizabeth Warren Hillary Clinton’s flunky has a career that is totally based on a lie. She is not Native American.
Dow just hit 27000 for first time EVER!
The Fake News is beside themselves that McCabe was caught called out and fired. How many hundreds of thousands of dollars was given to wife’s campaign by Crooked H friend Terry M who was also under investigation? How many lies? How many leaks? Comey knew it all and much more!
From The Desk Of Donald Trump- two new videos up at  and 
GREAT news this week regarding the Keystone XL Pipeline – moving forward with fantastic paying CONSTRUCTION jobs for hardworking Americans. Promises Made Promises Kept! #MAGA
By the US winning the Olympic medal count we proved that both the American spirit &amp; talent is greater than a 1.4B population. USA!
If the totally Corrupt Media was less corrupt I would be up by 15 points in the polls based on our tremendous success with the economy maybe Best Ever! If the Corrup Media was actually fair I would be up by 25 points. Nevertheless despite the Fake News we’re doing great!
I told you! Premiums are soaring! #RepealObamacare #Trump2016 
Entrepreneurs: What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard &amp; then establish it. Simple but not easy. Focus!
The United States stands ready to work with @NayibBukele to advance prosperity in El Salvador and the hemisphere. Congratulations President Bukele on your inauguration!
Virtually every Democrat we are dealing with today strongly supported a Border Wall or Fence. It was only when I made it an important part of my campaign because people and drugs were pouring into our Country unchecked that they turned against it. Desperately needed!
Ever since the Mueller Report showed No Collusion &amp; No Obstruction the Dems have been working overtime to damage me and the Republican Party by issuing over 80 demands for documents and testimonies and with NO REASON. That’s all they want to do - don’t care about anything else!
Best wishes to the Republic of Korea on hosting the @Olympics! What a wonderful opportunity to show everyone that you are a truly GREAT NATION! 
🇺🇸🇮🇹 
Miss Pennsylvania is just looking for free publicity at the expense of the real winner of Miss USA Olivia Culpo.
....and don't forget that Foxconn will be spending up to 10 billion dollars on a top of the line plant/plants in Wisconsin.
Based on Justin’s false statements at his news conference and the fact that Canada is charging massive Tariffs to our U.S. farmers workers and companies I have instructed our U.S. Reps not to endorse the Communique as we look at Tariffs on automobiles flooding the U.S. Market!
The Republican Party is racking up record amounts of small dollar donations - fueled by Trump supporters.....   @nypost  Thank you!
.@MissUniverse final 3 on now. Great people great new owner @IMG. WATCH.
Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you’re expanding your net worth.
Melania and I send our thoughts and prayers to Senator McCain Cindy and their entire family. Get well soon. 
We will always provide for our Veterans and their mental health. I pushed Congress to provide $10 Billion for Vet mental health suicide prevention outreach and funding for my PREVENTS Initiative to end Vet suicide. Congress responded. A big win for our Vets!
Congratulations to @CharlieCrist who has now lost a statewide election in Florida as a Republican Independent &amp; Democrat.
China and the United States are working well together on trade but past negotiations have been so one sided in favor of China for so many years that it is hard for them to make a deal that benefits both countries. But be cool it will all work out!
Very productive meeting with Angela Merkel the Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany at the #G7Summit in Biarritz France! 
BIG PROGRESS! 
When President Obama said that he has been to “57 States” very little mention in Fake News Media. Can you imagine if I said that...story of the year! @IngrahamAngle
Enough is Enough- no more Bushes! 
Do not underestimate the UNITY within the Republican Party!
After spending $89 million @JebBush is at the bottom of the barrel in polls. He is ashamed to use the name "Bush" in ads. Low energy guy!
I was extremely calm yesterday with my meeting with Pelosi and Schumer knowing that they would say I was raging which they always do along with their partner the Fake News Media. Well so many stories about the meeting use the Rage narrative anyway - Fake &amp; Corrupt Press!
Washington Post got it wrong as usual. The U.S. is charging 25% against 250 Billion Dollars of goods shipped from China not 200 BD. Also China is paying a heavy cost in that they will subsidize goods to keep them coming devalue their currency yet companies are moving to.....
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Now Chinese state run companies are taking over our coal market   China wants to deplete our resources here at home.
I totally agree! 
Today it was my great honor to visit the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial with @VP Mike Pence in honor of #MLKDay 
A great show! Check it out tonight at 9pm. @FoxNews 
Today I'm in Aberdeen Scotland preparing for the July 10th opening of perhaps the world's greatest golf course 
I loved being a surrogate on behalf of @MittRomney. I am glad I was able to help him win.

Time flies it’s @TrumpTowerNY’s 30th anniversary. To celebrate we made this video highlighting its amazing history- 
Supposedly according to the Corrupt Media the Ukraine call “concerned” today’s Never Trumper witness. Was he on the same call that I was? Can’t be possible! Please ask him to read the Transcript of the call. Witch Hunt!
You can be an @nfl player with murder charges and not be suspended. Yet with NO EVIDENCE @nfl targeted Tom Brady. B.S.!
Obama vacationing in West Palm Beach starting tomorrow. He should play a round at Trump Int'l Golf Club - #1 rated course in Florida.
Texas &amp; Florida are doing great but Puerto Rico which was already suffering from broken infrastructure &amp; massive debt is in deep trouble..
George Will said "best debate he ever saw". If you ever heard George Will speak(boring) anything is exciting.
Watch the WH spokesman try to spin @BarackObama's rationale for using exec. priv. on Fast &amp; Furious 
Just had a  very good tele-conference with Nations’s Governors. Went very well. Cuomo of New York has to “do more”.
If Nancy Pelosi thinks that Walls are “immoral” why isn’t she requesting that we take down all of the existing Walls between the U.S. and Mexico even the new ones just built in San Diego at their very strong urging. Let millions of unchecked “strangers” just flow into the U.S.
Via @BreitbartNews: “EXCLUSIVE: TRUMP SMACKS BACK AGAINST MEDIA ATTACKS ON CPAC SPEECH”   by @mboyle1
True. Great job @RepMikeTurner! 
I watched Sen. Graham @FaceTheNation. Why don't they say that I ran him out of the race like a little boy and in the end he had no support?
Democrat UAW Local 1112 President David Green ought to get his act together and produce. G.M. let our Country down but other much better car companies are coming into the U.S. in droves. I want action on Lordstown fast. Stop complaining and get the job done! 3.8% Unemployment!
I often stated “One way or the other Mexico is going to pay for the Wall.” This has never changed. Our new deal with Mexico (and Canada) the USMCA is so much better than the old very costly &amp; anti-USA NAFTA deal that just by the money we save MEXICO IS PAYING FOR THE WALL!
On no issue are Democrats more extreme – and more depraved – than when it comes to Border Security. The Democrat Agenda of open borders is morally reprehensible. It is the great betrayal of the American Middle Class and our Country as a whole! #Trump2020 
Thanks to @SteveKingIA for the kind introduction at the IA Freedom Summit &amp; congrats to @David_Bossie &amp; @Citizens_United on a great success!

If @MittRomney spent the same energy fighting Barack Obama as he does fighting Donald Trump he could have won the race (maybe)! 
Obama's Def. Sec. just said US Asia focus 'not aimed to contain China'  China is hoping that Obama is re-elected.
Thank you @DallasPD!  
I am working on a new system where there will be competition in the Drug Industry. Pricing for the American people will come way down!
Senator Debbie Stabenow and the Democrats are totally against approving the Farm Bill. They are fighting tooth and nail to not allow our Great Farmers to get what they so richly deserve. Work requirements are imperative and the Dems are a NO. Not good!
Poor @JebBush spent $50 million on his campaign I spent almost nothing. He's bottom (and gone) I'm top (by a lot). That's what U.S. needs!
New National Rasmussen Poll: 
Schiff and the Do Nothing Dems have lost all credibility...but the corrupt Media is working hard to keep them in the game! 
Today it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Mark Rutte of the Netherlands to the @WhiteHouse! 
THEBillMcGee            @realDonaldTrump-after a year of wear your shirts still look great! Glad I made the purchase! Thank you.
The Mullahs are laughing at what they think is a very stupid president@BarackObama has "asked" for Iran to return the drone #TimeToGetTough
.@BrandenRoderick returns in All-Star @ApprenticeNBC  2001 Playmate of the Year is a determined competitor. She is terrific!
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends @foxandfriends at 7.00 a.m. (30 minutes). Enjoy!
...they do NOTHING for us with North Korea just talk. We will no longer allow this to continue. China could easily solve this problem!
If Obama resigns from office NOW thereby doing a great service to the country—I will give him free lifetime golf at any one of my courses!
Our thoughts and prayers are with the four U.S. Marines from the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing who lost their lives in yesterday’s Southern California helicopter crash. We pray for their families and our great @USMC.
Very sad day &amp; night in Paris. Maybe it’s time to end the ridiculous and extremely expensive Paris Agreement and return money back to the people in the form of lower taxes? The U.S. was way ahead of the curve on that and the only major country where emissions went down last year!
Now the press is trying to sell the fact that I wanted a Moat stuffed with alligators and snakes with an electrified fence and sharp spikes on top at our Southern Border. I may be tough on Border Security but not that tough. The press has gone Crazy. Fake News!
.@BBC should never have played that piece of garbage documentary--&amp; yet the phones are ringing off the hook to play the course.
N.Y.Times headline states Obama suffers setbacks in Japan trade deal. Can somebody please tell him that with all they sell us WE HAVE CARDS
Senate adjourns until December 27th.
It is now a FACT that President Obama lied in order to get ObamaCare passed-that is fraud and the legislation should be recinded-INTERESTING
RE: FB Vanity URLs: SF Chronicle - "David Beckham was one of the first along with Britney Spears & Donald Trump." 
Well back to the drawing board!
....in New York and another reason they are leaving. Taxes and energy costs are way too high Upstate is being allowed to die as other nearby states frack &amp; drill for Gold (oil) while reducing taxes &amp; creating jobs by the thousands. NYC is getting dirty &amp; unsafe again as
“The Special Counsel did not find that the Trump Campaign or anyone associated with it conspired or coordinated with the Russian Government in these efforts despite multiple offers from Russian-affiliated individuals to assist the Trump Campaign.”
“The evidence has to be overwhelming and it is not. It’s not even close.” Ken Starr Former Independent Counsel
Last night was the first time Obama said "we" instead of "I" in respect to Bin Laden's killing.

The evening news broadcasts must stop talking about weather—boring and too many other topics.
Kanye West has performed a great service to the Black Community - Big things are happening and eyes are being opened for the first time in Decades - Legacy Stuff! Thank you also to Chance and Dr. Darrell Scott they really get it (lowest Black &amp; Hispanic unemployment in history).
Thank you to Amy Kremer Women for Trump Co-Founder for doing such a great interview with Martha MacCallum...and by the way women have the lowest unemployment numbers in many decades - at the highest pay ever. Proud of that!
I just got Mike Leach's new book  Swing Your Sword. He's a great coach and he's written a great book. It's definitely worth reading.
Anyone associated with the 1994 Crime Bill will not have a chance of being elected. In particular African Americans will not be able to vote for you. I on the other hand was responsible for Criminal Justice Reform which had tremendous support &amp; helped fix the bad 1994 Bill!
Had a very good phone call with @EmmanuelMacron President of France. Discussed various subjects in particular Security and Trade. Many other calls and conversations today. Looking forward to dinner tonight with Tim Cook of Apple. He is investing big dollars in U.S.A.
Big day for Israel. Congratulations!
If everyone is thinking alike then somebody isn't thinking. --George S. Patton
Germany and so many other countries have negative interest rates “they get paid for loaning money” and our Federal Reserve fails to act! Remember these are also our weak currency competitors!
Losers and haters are invited to watch Celebrity Apprentice along with the many great and productive people in the hope that you will learn.
Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? Just asking!
Wow just heard really bad stuff about the failing  @politico. How much longer  will they be around? Some very untalented reporters.
.@GStephanopoulos stupidly believes that Hillary wants to run against me because she said so. She says that so people believe it - opposite!
Highly respected Senator Richard Burr Chairman of Senate Intelligence said today that after an almost two year investigation he saw no evidence of Russia collusion. “We don’t have anything that would suggest there was collusion by the Trump campaign and Russia.”  Thank you!
I will always remember the time I spent today with courageous students teachers and families. So much love in the midst of so much pain. We must not let them down. We must keep our children safe!!Full Listening Session:  
The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. From this moment on it’s going to be #AmericaFirst🇺🇸
Only the Obama WH can get away with attacking Bob Woodward.
Thank you for all of the positive response on my Chicago lawsuit victory yesterday. Most of you saw through the phony age card ploy.
Interesting article by @newtgingrich @HumanEvents: “WHY ROVE AND STEVENS ARE PLAIN WRONG” 
Congressman Bishop is doing a GREAT job! He helped pass tax reform which lowered taxes for EVERYONE! Nancy Pelosi is spending hundreds of thousands of dollars on his opponent because they both support a liberal agenda of higher taxes and wasteful spending!
Delusional--@BarackObama claims that his economic plan "worked"    Is the 16% real unemployment part of the plan?
Just met with General Petraeus--was very impressed!
Stop saying I went bankrupt. I never went bankrupt but like many great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage—smart!
Via @WashTimes by @CharlesHurt: "Donald Trump declares war on lying street-hustlers of Congress”  
I am no fan of Bill Cosby but never-the-less some free advice - if you are innocent do not remain silent. You look guilty as hell!
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman sued school with a 98% approval rating while billions in corruption goes unpunished. A total crook?
John Kasich fell right into President Obama’s trap on ObamaCare and the people of Ohio are suffering for it. Shame!
I will be watching the great Governor @Mike_Pence and live tweeting the VP debate tonight starting at 8:30pm est! Enjoy!
ObamaCare is dead and the Democrats are obstructionists no ideas or votes only obstruction. It is solely up to the 52 Republican Senators!
Everyone is now saying how right I was with illegal immigration &amp; the wall. After Paris they’re all on the bandwagon.
Why isn’t the @GOP congress doing everything possible to defund and cut ObamaCare?
Chuck Hagel’s nomination has been held up for at least 12 more days.  A lot can happen.
Where’s the leadership? Obama only met with Sebelius ONCE since ObamaCare passed    His signature legislation...

...and International. We have only one real currency in the USA and it is stronger than ever both dependable and reliable. It is by far the most dominant currency anywhere in the World and it will always stay that way. It is called the United States Dollar!
....Also according to the Daily Caller leading Sleepy Joe Biden in Florida 48% to 42%.
A friend of mine went to @CakeBossBuddy and sent me this beautiful cake which we put in the atrium of @TrumpTowerNY. 
Congrats @TrumpWaikiki for winning @AmericanExpress Fine Hotels &amp; Resorts 'Hotel Partner of The Year for 2014'  award!
.....the call with the Ukrainian President was a totally appropriate one. As he said “No Pressure.” This Impeachment nonsense is just a continuation of the Witch Hunt Hoax which has been going on since before I even got elected. Rupublicans go with Substance and close it out!
Thank you South Carolina! #Trump2016 
The military drills or war games as I call them were never even discussed in my mtg w/ Kim Jong Un of NK—FAKE NEWS! I made that decision long ago because it costs the U.S. far too much money to have those “games” especially since we are not reimbursed for the tremendous cost!
Wow so many Fake News stories today. No matter what I do or say they will not write or speak truth. The Fake News Media is out of control!
......filth pouring into the Pacific Ocean is rapidly becoming an environmental hazard is getting NOTHING DONE. She is a Do Nothing Democrat as Speaker and will hopefully not be in that position very long. Approve USMCA which has been sitting on her desk for months!
....or is he too dumb (stupid} to understand that. No wonder CNN’s ratings (MSNBC’s also) have gone down the tubes - and will stay there until they bring credibility back to the newsroom. Don’t hold your breath!
Since @BarackObama is on such a "transparency" kick--how about releasing Fast &amp; Furious info to Brian Terry's family?
I was never a fan of Colin Powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq = disaster. We can do much better!
Ohio Senator @RobPortman: @MittRomney knows how to return prosperity:  #Mitt2012 #tcot
Now China 'calls in' US diplomats to lecture them on their illegal escapades.   The new reality. @BarackObama is weak.
Let us never negotiate out of fear but let us never fear to negotiate.--John F. Kennedy Inaugural Address January 1961
Thank you Washington! Together WE will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
Always heard that as President “it’s all about the economy!” Well we have one of the best economies in the history of our Country. Big GDP lowest unemployment companies coming back to the U.S. in BIG numbers great new trade deals happening &amp; more. But LITTLE media mention!
Just got back from Iowa - had a great time with amazing people. Will be back soon!
Ivanka Trump defends her dad  via @politico
“I have a very strict gun control policy: if there's a gun around I want to be in control of it.” -  Clint Eastwood
Who is more believable on the state of employment--the great @jack_welch or some government bureaucrat who is voting for Obama?
From Donald Trump: Wishing everyone a wonderful holiday & a happy healthy prosperous New Year. Let’s think like champions in 2010!
Vegas’ top destination @TrumpLasVegas is a 64-story tower of golden glass  What goes on there stays there!
Fox News PollThank you New Hampshire! #FITN#Trump2016 
With the economy still on a downward trajectory the best investment young people can make now is buying property...
“A brand is not a logo. A brand is the promise you put out there and the experience you deliver.” – Midas Touch
Who do you want negotiating for us? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
power from Washington D.C. and giving it back to you the American People. #InaugurationDay
My @foxandfriends int. re: Tiger’s victory at Trump @DoralResort 's @CadillacChamp my WH tour offer and CPAC 
Iraq has granted Iran full air rights to fly over and arm Syria. What did America accomplish with the Iraq war? And now Syria?!
Amazingly @AnthonyWeiner is going to run. The cure rate for his problem is 0. Lots of other things will come out.
.@Mediaite:"Donald Trump Trashes @michellemalkin On Twitter:You're A 'Dummy' &amp; 'Were Born Stupid'"  @AndrewKirell
ObamaCare strikes again. Major insurer announced that over 53000 New Yorkers will be dropped from their plans 
Third Gun Linked to 'Fast and Furious' Identified at Border Agent's Murder Scene. When will the White House come clean?
Great to see @RandPaul looking well and back on the Senate floor. He will help us with TAX CUTS and REFORM!
#CNNDebate 
Creativity and control can go hand in hand. Brainpower is the ultimate leverage.
.@JonahNRO You stated that I started “relentlessly tweeting like a 14-year-old girl...”  Horrible insult to women. Resign now or later!
A must read by @KimStrassel! 
...Remember--I told you so.
“If you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles.” -   Sun Tzu
Time to #DrainTheSwamp in Washington D.C. and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8/2016. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE… 
Watch Mark Levin interview of Charlie Kirk tonight at 11:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Amazing!!!  And while you’re at it go get Charlie’s new book “The MAGA Doctrine: The Only Ideas That Will Win the Future”...This is a really GREAT book. Support Charlie Kirk!
The @washingtonpost which loses a fortune is owned by  @JeffBezos for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no profit company @amazon.
Just received a briefing on the horrific shootout that took place in Jersey City NJ. Our thoughts &amp; prayers are w/ the victims &amp; their families during this very difficult &amp; tragic time. We will continue to monitor the situation as we assist local &amp; state officials on the ground.
The United States Senate just passed the biggest in history Tax Cut and Reform Bill. Terrible Individual Mandate (ObamaCare)Repealed. Goes to the House tomorrow morning for final vote. If approved there will be a News Conference at The White House at approximately 1:00 P.M.
“Shutting down the government is a very serious thing. People die accidents happen. I don’t know how I would vote right now on a CR OK?”Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif)
I will be interviewed by @jdickerson on @FaceTheNation tomorrow morning. Enjoy! #Trump2016
Congratulations to my friend @RoccoMediate on winning the big golf tournament today!
It would be really great if the people within the Trump Administration all well-meaning and good (I hope!) could stop hiring Never Trumpers who are worse than the Do Nothing Democrats. Nothing good will ever come from them!
As China is built on corporate espionage currency manipulation &amp; cheap labor its economy is a ticking time bomb 
“Competitive golf is played mainly on a five-and-a-half-inch course... the space between your ears.” - Bobby Jones
Failing comedian Bill Maher who I got an accidental glimpse of the other night is really a dumb guy just look at his past!
ICYMI via @PageSix by @Mohris: “Donald Trump honored at Marine Corps charity gala” 
Thank you Connecticut! #Trump2016 
President Reagan put it best: "Welfare's purpose should be to eliminate as far as possible the need for its own existence."
CDC and my Administration are doing a GREAT job of handling Coronavirus including the very early closing of our borders to certain areas of the world. It was opposed by the Dems “too soon” but turned out to be the correct decision. No matter how well we do however the.....
Spoke to my two good friends Prime Minister Modi of India and Prime Minister Khan of Pakistan regarding Trade Strategic Partnerships and most importantly for India and Pakistan to work towards reducing tensions in Kashmir. A tough situation but good conversations!
“No information was ever given by the Trump Team to Russia yet the Hillary Clinton campaign paid for information from Kremlin sources and just washed it through an intermediary Christopher Steele.”  Jesse Waters
Home of @PGATOUR’s @CadillacChamp @TrumpDoral represents all that is Miami: energy glamour innovation &amp; luxury 
Entrepreneurs: Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
Our Border Patrol people are not hospital workers doctors or nurses. The Democrats bad Immigration Laws which could be easily fixed are the problem. Great job by Border Patrol above and beyond. Many of these illegals aliens are living far better now than where they.....
ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made along with President Obama."  --  Donald J. Trump
While Japan and South Korea would like us to go back into TPP I don’t like the deal for the United States. Too many contingencies and no way to get out if it doesn’t work. Bilateral deals are far more efficient profitable and better for OUR workers. Look how bad WTO is to U.S.
Why does the media with a strong push from Crooked Hillary keep pushing the false narrative that I want to raise taxes. Exactly opposite!
The Dues Sucking firefighters leadership will always support Democrats even though the membership wants me. Some things never change!
Next Tuesday remember how our president has not lifted a finger for USMC Tahmooressi. He only wants illegals to cross our border.
As a very active President with lots of things happening it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy!....
Wow what a nice honor!  
It’s Tuesday how much has China stolen from us today through cyber espionage?
I developed the Wollman Rink under budget and in record time  If I hadn't gotten involved it would still be unused.
.@LaToyaJackson &amp; @Omarosa are not likely to become friends –ever! #CelebApprentice
Just did an interview with my friend @MarkSimoneNY.  Congratulations to Mark on his new show on @WOR710.
Clinton made a false ad about me where I was imitating a reporter GROVELING after he changed his story. I would NEVER mock disabled. Shame!
Nobody knows for sure that the Republicans &amp; Democrats will be able to reach a deal on DACA by February 8 but everyone will be trying....with a big additional focus put on Military Strength and Border Security. The Dems have just learned that a Shutdown is not the answer!
We're all thinking of you @SteveScalise! #TeamScalise 
A fantastic night in Pennsylvania! 
Thank you @SBAList! #SBAGala 
The spotlight has finally been put on the low-life leakers! They will be caught!
Don't wait for dire circumstances to test your quick-thinking ability. Be on alert at all times.
When you’re already $500 Billion DOWN you can’t lose!
I am now going to the brand new Trump International Hotel D.C. for a major statement.
Great fun and meeting with Prime Minister @AbeShinzo. Numerous Japanese officials told me that the Democrats would rather see the United States fail than see me or the Republican Party succeed - Death Wish!
Agent Peter Strzok was just fired from the FBI - finally. The list of bad players in the FBI &amp; DOJ gets longer &amp; longer. Based on the fact that Strzok was in charge of the Witch Hunt will it be dropped? It is a total Hoax. No Collusion No Obstruction - I just fight back!
Iran has warned the US not to send an aircraft carrier back into the Strait of Hormuz. We should send three as a (cont) 
“You have to have confidence in yourself and confidence to know that what you are doing is right.” – Think Big
Thank you St. Louis Missouri!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain   
We will fight the #FakeNews with you! 
Congressman Kevin Brady (@bradyfortexas) is an outstanding representative for our Country and the Great State of Texas. A big supporter of our #MAGA Agenda....
New Stock Market Record today AGAIN. Congratulations USA!
Tax experts throughout the media agree that no sane person would give their tax returns during an audit. After the audit no problem!
I am getting worried about Chris @hardball_chris Matthews.  Is he drinking again?
Not under my watch- 
This is just the beginning thank you to @ByronYork! 
Thanks for your support! 
TPP does not stop Japan’s currency manipulation &amp; China has a backdoor to join. It must be stopped. We need to protect the American worker!
#TrumpTODAY Watch my appearance on the @TODAYshow from this morning 
#USA🇺🇸 #Japan🇯🇵 
“Again: Read the Transcript!” Michael Goodwin New York Post Sunday.
The more predictable the business the more valuable it is. Predictability also means consistency of brand experience. --Midas Touch
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio features Trump Univ. students in FL. attack ads- who submitted "excellent" reviews. 
AGAIN TO OUR VERY FOOLISH LEADER DO NOT ATTACK SYRIA - IF YOU DO MANY VERY BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN &amp; FROM THAT FIGHT THE U.S. GETS NOTHING!
Congratulations to @Yankees Derek Jeter on passing Eddie Murray last night to become the 11th all-time @MLB hit leader.
.@VattenfallGroup  had no answers at demonstration last night. It’s a failing company. Aberdeen windmills will destroy it.
Democrat Jon Ossoff would be a disaster in Congress. VERY weak on crime and illegal immigration bad for jobs and wants higher taxes. Say NO

NYC terrorist was happy as he asked to hang ISIS flag in his hospital room. He killed 8 people badly injured 12. SHOULD GET DEATH PENALTY!
You have to believe in what you want. Keep your focus keep your momentum--and remain patient and persistent.
Jon Tester says one thing to voters and does the EXACT OPPOSITE in Washington. Tester takes his orders form Pelosi &amp; Schumer. Tester wants to raise your taxes take away your 2A open your borders and deliver MOB RULE. Retire Tester &amp; Elect America-First Patriot Matt Rosendale!
For years and through many administrations everyone said that peace and the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula was not even a small possibility. Now there is a good chance that Kim Jong Un will do what is right for his people and for humanity. Look forward to our meeting!
I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren sometimes referred to as Pocahontas pretended to be Native American to get in Harvard.
I am very supportive of the Senate #HealthcareBill. Look forward to making it really special! Remember ObamaCare is dead.
The US Navy wants to go "green." Our Navy should use the best &amp; most powerful fuel &amp; not play games. Give me a break!
My @foxandfriends interview discussing how @BarackObama is running a hateful campaign &amp; the @RNC convention 'Surprise' 
Miss Florida was great in her denial of Miss Pennsylvania's phoney statements. She blows Miss Pennsylvania away- a different league .
Unbelievable. 
The brand new hotel at Trump National Doral has the most beautiful rooms and suites in Miami.  Enjoy!
In any event we are EXTREME VETTING people coming into the U.S. in order to help keep our country safe. The courts are slow and political!
A-Rod was a great player when he lived at Trump Park Avenue--- even though he was on the juice!
If you can't say great things about yourself who do you think will? - Think Like a Champion
In the end you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish.
I'm at Trump Doral right now Tiger will tee off shortly.
The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don't get on the team &amp; fast. We must fight them &amp; Dems in 2018!
Wacko @glennbeck is a sad answer to the @SarahPalinUSA endorsement that Cruz so desperately wanted. Glenn is a failing crying lost soul!
....BUT THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
General Motors is very counter to what other auto and other companies are doing. Big Steel is opening and renovating plants all over the country. Auto companies are pouring into the U.S. including BMW which just announced a major new plant. The U.S.A. is booming!
Free enterprise is still the greatest force for upward mobility economic security and the expansion of the middle class. - @MittRomney
Honored to meet w/ Pres Abbas from the Palestinian Authority &amp; his delegation who have been working hard w/everybody involved toward peace. 
We are one step closer to delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for working families across America. Special thanks to @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell and Chairman @SenOrrinHatch for shepherding our bill through the Senate. Look forward to signing a final bill before Christmas! 
The only Collusion with the Russians was with Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Committee...And where’s the Server that the DNC refused to give to the FBI?  Where are the new Texts between Agent Lisa Page and her Agent lover Peter S? We want them now!
Nervous Nancy Pelosi is a disgrace to herself and her family for having made such a disgusting statement especially since I was with foreign leaders overseas. There is no evidence for such a thing to have been said. Nervous Nancy &amp; Dems are getting Zero work done in Congress...
My @CNNS interview with @wolfblitzercnn discussing my endorsement of @MittRomney and why he can beat @BarackObama 
James Comey is a disgrace to the FBI &amp; will go down as the worst Director in its long and once proud history. He brought the FBI down almost all Republicans &amp; Democrats thought he should be FIRED but the FBI will regain greatness because of the great men &amp; women who work there!
Has anyone noticed that all the Boston @RedSox have done is WIN since coming to the White House! Others also have done very well. The White House visit is becoming the opposite of being on the cover of Sports Illustrated! By the way the Boston players were GREAT guys!
.@JodeyArrington from the Great State of Texas has been an incredible supporter of our #MAGA Agenda. Jodey fully supports Securing our Border w/ the WALL he Loves our Military &amp; Vets and is Strong on the #2A. Jodey has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
My daughter Ivanka thinks I should run for President. Maybe I should listen. 
Thank you Ted. 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
THANK YOU COLORADO! #KAG2020 
LOOK AT THIS PHOTOGRAPH! 
THANK YOU! #KAG2020🇺🇸 
Joan Rivers had great talent but also truly amazing stamina and drive - she would never give up or quit. That is why she became a champion!
Washington will continue to run record deficits into the election. We are borrowing at a rate of $1.40 from China. Truly unsustainable.
The ObamaCare websites have cost over $5B &amp; many still do not work  One of the greatest fiascos in modern history!
I have been consistent in my opposition to Common Core. Get rid of Common Core--- keep education local!
Two people fired very early on Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 leading up to next weeks live Finale. Don't get angry at me tonight!
How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails using even religion against Bernie!
On this Veterans Day — the 100th Anniversary of the end of WWI we honor the brave HEROES who fought for America in the Great War and every Veteran who has worn the uniform and kept our Nation Safe Strong and FREE!  
The U.S. together with Mexico and Canada just got the World Cup. Congratulations - a great deal of hard work!
.....and G.M. would not be closing their plants in Ohio Michigan &amp; Maryland. Get smart Congress. Also the countries that send us cars have taken advantage of the U.S. for decades. The President has great power on this issue - Because of the G.M. event it is being studied now!
Obama’s $1T+ deficit budget expanded welfare &amp; green cronyism &amp; it cut domestic bomb prevention in half 
I see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. Look at the job she has done in Baltimore. She is a joke!
“Charges Deal Don A Big Win” written by Michael Goodwin of the @nypost succinctly states that “the Russians had no impact on the election results.” There was no Collusion with the Trump Campaign. “She lost the old-fashioned way by being a terrible candidate. Case closed.”
Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be proud!
Today my thoughts and prayers are with the entire Bush family. In memory of First Lady Barbara Bush there is a remembrance display located at her portrait in the Center Hall of the @WhiteHouse. 
Via cnsnews by @SJonesCNS: “Trump Explains His Appeal: 'People Are Tired...Of These Incompetent Politicians'” 
Thanks for your invaluable help Chuck! 
Thank you Terre Haute Indiana!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Another big loss for the Do Nothing Dems! 
An individual whose whole career is trying to take down successful celebrities with nonsense campaigns has turned his attention to me.....
FLORIDA: Do not miss this opportunity to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Thank you @IvankaTrump:  
As a favor to my friends at EXTRA I am co-hosting tonight at 7 p.m. on @nbc
The crowd in Ohio was amazing last night - broke all records. We all had a great time in a great State. Will be back soon!
.@StephenBaldwin7’s mother thinks I’m very handsome. Now I see where Stephen and Alec get their smarts. #CelebApprentice
I am so happy that people are boycotting Macy's 
Democrats want Open Borders and they want to abolish ICE the brave men and women that are protecting our Country from some of the most vicious and dangerous people on earth! Sorry we can’t let that happen! Also change the rules in the Senate and approve STRONG Border Security!
38 stories high @TrumpWaikiki’s 462 luxury guest rooms &amp; suites offer exceptional services 
While I was in Moscow I see that President Obsma apologized for his lie I mean statement on ObamaCare! How nice of him to be so forthright
Thank you @SenatorTimScott!
For all of my millions of followers and at your request I will be tweeting tonight during President Obama’s speech!  9pm ET
Congratulations to @RealSheriffJoe on his successful Cold Case Posse investigation which claims @BarackObama's 'birth certificate' is fake
How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed? So totally dishonest!
Baltimore had a really tough night - only great leadership can solve the many inner-city problems facing our country. Jobs jobs jobs!
Pocahontas (the bad version) sometimes referred to as Elizabeth Warren is getting slammed. She took a bogus DNA test and it showed that she may be 1/1024 far less than the average American. Now Cherokee Nation denies her “DNA test is useless.” Even they don’t want her. Phony!
Just Out: House Intelligence Committee Report released. “No evidence” that the Trump Campaign “colluded coordinated or conspired with Russia.” Clinton Campaign paid for Opposition Research obtained from Russia- Wow! A total Witch Hunt! MUST END NOW!
....Also discussed political fairness and various things that @Google can do for our Country. Meeting ended very well!
Big-game trophy decision will be announced next week but will be very hard pressed to change my mind that this horror show in any way helps conservation of Elephants or any other animal.
New CNN Iowa poll --- Trump 33 Cruz 20. Everyone else way down! Don't trust Des Moines Register poll- biased towards Trump!
If Bernie Sanders after seeing the just released e-mails continues to look exhausted and done then his legacy will never be the same.
Hillary Clinton strongly stated  that there was "absolutely no connection" between her private work and that of The State Department. LIE!
Yesterday it was my great honor to host our third annual Made in America Showcase at the @WhiteHouse.... 
Army Master Sgt. Charles H. McDaniel 32 of Vernon Indiana and Army Pfc. William H. Jones 19 of Nash County North Carolina are the first American remains from...
Going over to @TodayShow now to introduce @ApprenticeNBC cast etc.-- watch.
It’s extremely cold in NY &amp; NJ—not good for flood victims. Where is global warming?
South Korea is finding as I have told them that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work they only understand one thing!
I will be in Iowa all day and until Tuesday morning. Finally after all these years of watching stupidity we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Facebook Google and Twitter not to mention the Corrupt Media are sooo on the side of the Radical Left Democrats. But fear not we will win anyway just like we did before! #MAGA
Now @RonWyden is also “concerned” about ObamaCare along with @MaxBaucus  Program may fold through its own doing.
Dwight Howard just signed with Houston.
.@Jrprotalker Thanks Judy for the wonderful statements on @TrumpTurnberry. Great seeing you there &amp; you did a fabulous job on commentary.
“Sotomayor accuses GOP appointed Justices  of being biased in favor of Trump.” @IngrahamAngle @FoxNews  This is a terrible thing to say. Trying to “shame” some into voting her way? She never criticized Justice Ginsberg when she called me a “faker”. Both should recuse themselves..
I will be meeting General Kelly General Mattis and other military leaders at the White House to discuss North Korea. Thank you.
The Democrats have become nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS they have no policies or ideas. All they do is delay and complain.They own ObamaCare!
George Ross could be right—@THEGaryBusey would be better in the adventure task than the romance task. #CelebApprentice
The scum that gets high on badly hurting old ladies and others through knockout assaults wouldn't feel that way with a gun at their head!
Question: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration right up to January 20th why aren’t they the subject of the investigation? Why didn’t Obama do something about the meddling? Why aren’t Dem crimes under investigation? Ask Jeff Sessions!
Just spoke w/ Governors Rick Scott of Florida Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands &amp; Ricardo Rosselló of Puerto Rico. WE ARE W/ YOU ALL! 
“MAGA list: 205 ‘historic results’ help Trump make case for 2020 re-election” 
We are winning big time against China. Companies &amp; jobs are fleeing. Prices to us have not gone up and in some cases have come down. China is not our problem though Hong Kong is not helping. Our problem is with the Fed. Raised too much &amp; too fast. Now too slow to cut....
The meeting with the @nytimes is back on at 12:30 today. Look forward to it!
After foolishly spending two trillion $'s and losing so many great young people the U.S. will be the only one who won't get the oil in Iraq
.@YoungDems4Trump  Thank you!
Now that China's own economy is slowing  watch how they start doing even bigger numbers in (cont) 
Building a brand is like building a skyscraper-the foundation comes first. The bigger the building the deeper the foundation needs to be
....better off without them. The vast amounts of money made and stolen by China from the United States year after year for decades will and must STOP. Our great American companies are hereby ordered to immediately start looking for an alternative to China including bringing..
He should be ignored: @RonPaul's foreign policy is a dream come true for our enemies. He has zero chance to beat @BarackObama.
My @gretawire interview discussing @BarackObama's USC comments insurance premiums @SarahPalinUSA on the (cont) 
As promised my @SuperBowl pick is the San Francisco @49ers.
China continues to be on the move both technologically and militarily. Obama is sitting by and watching.
My @FoxNews @gretawire int. on the border crisis #BringBackOurMarine &amp; Obama’s ineptitude &amp; the economy   
“Stay confident even when something bad happens. It is just a bump in the road. It will pass.” – Think Big
Judge Kavanaugh showed America exactly why I nominated him. His testimony was powerful honest and riveting. Democrats’ search and destroy strategy is disgraceful and this process has been a total sham and effort to delay obstruct and resist. The Senate must vote!
Gina is Great! 
....I am a Tariff Man. When people or countries come in to raid the great wealth of our Nation I want them to pay for the privilege of doing so. It will always be the best way to max out our economic power. We are right now taking in $billions in Tariffs. MAKE AMERICA RICH AGAIN
Basically nothing Hillary has said about her secret server has been true. #CrookedHillary
President Obama thank you for your great support – I have been saying this all along! 
See Charles Gasparino’s article in today’s NYPost about Eric Schneiderman’s witch hunt against Republicans 
Will be a big and exciting day at the White House for Social Media!
Word is-early voting in FL is very dishonest. Little Marco his State Chairman &amp; their minions are working overtime-trying to rig the vote.
We will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN &amp; HIRE AMERICAN!#InaugurationDay #MAGA🇺🇸

Thank you to Congressman Kevin Yoder! He secured $5 BILLION for Border Security. Now we need Congress to support. Kevin has been strong on Crime the Border the 2nd Amendment and he loves our Military and Vets. @RepKevinYoder has my full and total endorsement!
Why won't President Obama use the term Islamic Terrorism? Isn't it now after all of this time and so much death about time!
Beautiful evening for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally tonight in Pennsylvania. Thank you I love you! #MAGA 
.....deficiencies and mistakes in NAFTA greatly opens markets to our Farmers and Manufacturers reduce Trade Barriers to the U.S. and will bring all three Great Nations closer together in competition with the rest of the world. The USMCA is a historic transaction!
North Korea fired off some small weapons which disturbed some of my people and others but not me. I have confidence that Chairman Kim will keep his promise to me &amp; also smiled when he called Swampman Joe  Bidan a low IQ individual &amp; worse. Perhaps that’s sending me a signal?
.@newtgingrich just stated that there has been no president since Abraham Lincoln who has been treated worse or more unfairly by the media than your favorite President me! At the same time there has been no president who has accomplished more in his first two years in office!
I want to applaud the many protestors in Boston who are speaking out against bigotry and hate. Our country will soon come together as one!
....If this is done illegal immigration will be stopped in it’s tracks - and at very little by comparison cost. This is the only real answer - and we must continue to BUILD THE WALL!
Wow the ridiculous deal made between Lyin'Ted Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasich has just blown up. What a dumb deal - dead on arrival!
I have an idea for @JebBush whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name and don't be ashamed of it!
Amazing. @CelebApprentice has started filming our record 13th season this week thanks to our big and very loyal fan base.
Bad ratings @CNN &amp; @MSNBC got scammed when they covered the anti-Trump Russia rally wall-to-wall. They probably knew it was Fake News but because it was a rally against me they pushed it hard anyway. Two really dishonest newscasters but the public is wise!
Visit @Fund_Anything at  to see my picks! #FundAnything
One of @GolfWorldUS top private clubs @TrumpNationalNY features a Jim Fazio designed 7291 yd par 72 course 
Via @bostonherald by Eugene R. Dunn: “Iran a clear danger” 
More reports of voting machines switching Romney votes to Obama. Pay close attention to the machines don't let your vote be stolen
Congrats to @TrumpWaikiki for being named @Orbitz Best In Stay Elite Award Winner for Oahu for 2014!
Sean P is a much stronger candidate! 
....and advanced aircraft anywhere in the World. Perhaps even Aircraft One will do a low &amp; loud sprint over the crowd. That will start at 6:00P.M. but be there early. Then at 9:00 P.M. a great (to put it mildly) fireworks display. I will speak on behalf of our great Country!
ObamaCare must be completely repealed. A recent report from UBS shows that it is the number one reason employers are not hiring.
....In fact the “Cops For Trump” T-shirt Web Site CRASHED because of incredible volume but is now back up and running. Proceeds go to the Police Union Charities. See you on Thursday night in Minneapolis!
.@ABFAlecBaldwin  They were rising in the 1950's then went back down--they will go up and down through eternity.
Unprecedented success for our Country in so many ways since the Election. Record Stock Market Strong on Military Crime Borders &amp; ISIS Judicial Strength &amp; Numbers Lowest Unemployment for Women &amp; ALL Massive Tax Cuts end of Individual Mandate - and so much more. Big 2018!
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in Sebastian County Arkansas. #LESM
Congresswoman Kay @GrangerCampaign has worked hard for Texas and been a strong supporter of our #MAGA Agenda. She’s strong on #2A and Securing our Border and is 100% pro-life. Kay has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
BUILD A WALL &amp; CRIME WILL FALL! 
I enjoyed meeting with @MattBlunt @TrumpTowerNY to discuss why our government must address currency manipulation. Many US jobs are at stake.
The Washington Establishment will never rein in government spending waste fraud and abuse. A great thinker and outsider is needed.
Both the Judge and the lawyer in the Paul Manafort case stated loudly and for the world to hear that there was NO COLLUSION with Russia. But the Witch Hunt Hoax continues as you now add these statements to House &amp; Senate Intelligence &amp; Senator Burr. So bad for our Country!
Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff's Star or plain star!
In Alaska with our GREAT TROOPS departing shortly for Japan! 
Remember Michael Cohen only became a “Rat” after the FBI did something which was absolutely unthinkable &amp; unheard of until the Witch Hunt was illegally started. They BROKE INTO AN ATTORNEY’S OFFICE! Why didn’t they break into the DNC to get the Server or Crooked’s office?
I believe the James Comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible. Totally illegal? Very 'cowardly!'

“Pelosi has made a mockery of Impeachment. Her Articles are so weak. But more importantly she thought she could extort the Senate. She couldn’t.” @GreggJarrett @foxandfriends The Do Nothing Democrats are really run by the Radical Left. Too bad!
No deal is better than a bad deal. America out negotiated again.  #Iran
Tickets are now available for the 2015 @CadillacChamp at @TrumpDoral March 4-8: 
On stunning Aberdeenshire coastline @TrumpScotland features a classic Scottish link threaded through the dunes 
This is my last election. After my election I have more flexibility. Obama to @MedvedevRussiaE discussing our nuclear arsenal.
Washington must come together on a deal to avoid a fiscal cliff.  If taxes are raised they must come with real hard cuts.
Roger Ailes just called. He is a great guy &amp; assures me that “Trump” will be treated fairly on @FoxNews. His word is always good!
Nasty for the middle class electricity prices surged to an all-time high this past March  FRACK NOW
It is hard to believe I am winning by so much when I am treated so badly by the media.  New @CNN Poll amazing in ALL categories. 21 pt. Lead
Good--@FLGovScott is suing the Federal Government so he can protect the voter rolls    Florida must be a legal election.
#HappyNewYearAmerica! 
I told you so. Our country totally lost control of illegal immigration even with criminals. 
Have a fantastic beautiful and happy Easter everyone and then when Easter is over have great wins and triumphs in life. Never give up!
If you don't have a competitive advantage don't compete.   -- Jack Welch
Amazingly CNN just released a poll at 71% saying that the economy is in the best shape since 2001 18 years! WOW is CNN becoming a believer?
Based on the fact that Ted Cruz was born in Canada and is therefore a "natural born Canadian" did he borrow unreported loans from C banks?
.@TrumpSoHo features a striking glass walled building w/ loft inspired interiors   NYC's trendiest luxury  hotel
Happy birthday Vince you are truly one of the greats! 
So Revealing! 
Farmers are starting to do great again after 15 years of a downward spiral. The 16 Billion Dollar China “replacement” money didn’t exactly hurt!
What a dumb mistake AOL made buying the @huffingtonpost. How much longer will Arianna last--I predict not much.
Put  this on your calendar: The Celebrity Apprentice live finale is this Sunday at 9 p.m. on NBC. Who will be the next Celebrity Apprentice?
Great advice from my father: "Know everything you can about what you're doing." -- Fred C. Trump
Congressional Do Nothing Democrats are being absolutely decimated in their districts on the subject of the Impeachment Hoax. People that voted for them are literally screaming in their faces. Crazy Nancy is finding defending Shifty Schiff harder than she thought! #2020Election
Wow just won Missouri!
Wing bangers-- the name given to wind turbines by bird lovers for the thousands of birds they kill in the U.S.
Was just presented the concept and parameters of the Border Security Deal by hard working Senator Richard Shelby. Looking over all aspects knowing that this will be hooked up with lots of money from other sources....
30 million Americans are unemployed yet Obama has set up workshops across the country for illegals to get Amnesty 
Beautiful evening in Rochester Minnesota. VOTE VOTE VOTE! 
Thank you Steve &amp; family! 
Our country is now in serious and unprecedented  trouble...like never before.
“If you put the federal government in charge of the Sahara Desert in 5 years there'd be a shortage of sand.” – Milton Friedman
We will proudly be playing the National Anthem and other wonderful music celebrating our Country today at 3 P.M. The White House with the United States Marine Band and the United States Army Chorus. Honoring America! NFL no escaping to Locker Rooms!
I am now in Palm Beach Florida and will be going to church tonight. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Via @AP: "Miss USA Olivia Culpo is crowned Miss Universe"  Ratings increase 15% over last year. 
Fernando thank you for the GREAT review of The Blue Monster in South Florida Golf-especially top 10 in the WORLD. I love @SOFLAGOLF!
....and Assad to protect the land of our enemy? Anyone who wants to assist Syria in protecting the Kurds is good with me whether it is Russia China or Napoleon Bonaparte. I hope they all do great we are 7000 miles away!
95% Approval Rate in the Republican Party a record! Thank you!
Wow @CNN has nothing but my opponents on their shows. Really one-sided and unfair reporting. Maybe I shouldn't do their town-hall tonight!
My proposal to the politically correct Automobile Companies would lower the average price of a car to consumers by more than $3000 while at the same time making the cars substantially safer. Engines would run smoother. Very little impact on the environment! Foolish executives!
Our vets are treated like 3rd class citizens. Enough! Join me &amp; @V4SA on @USSIOWA at LA Waterfront to hear my plan for vets &amp; the military!
Massive crowds already forming in Jacksonville - will be and incredible day - 12 noon!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Ebola patient will be brought to the U.S. in a few days - now I know for sure that our  leaders are incompetent. KEEP THEM OUT OF HERE!
With all that this Administration has accomplished think what my Poll Numbers would be if we had an honest Media which we do not!
Thank you for your support - on my way now! See you soon. #TrumpTrain 
All recent Presidents have released their transcripts. What is @BarackObama hiding?
.....Could be as high as 15 Million Barrels. Good (GREAT) news for everyone!
So sad that @CNN and many others refused to show the massive crowd at the arena yesterday in Oklahoma. Dishonest reporting!
Congratulations to my head pro of Trump International Golf Club (Florida) John Nieporte for qualifying for the U.S. Open!  @usopengolf
Massive overflow crowds in Grand Rapids Michigan tonight. Thank you for joining us tonight! #MAGA 
Only fools or people with a political agenda don’t want a Wall or Steel Barrier to protect our Country from Crime Drugs and Human Trafficking. It will happen - it always does!
“Democrats need to help fix the border crisis or get out of Trump’s way” 
“They say all these people died in the storm in Puerto Rico yet 70% of the power was out before the storm. So when did people start dying? At what point do you recognize that what they are doing is a political agenda couched in the nice language of journalism?”  @GeraldoRivera
CNN is working frantically to find their “source.” Look hard because it doesn’t exist. Whatever was left of CNN’s credibility is now gone!
Oh’ I see! Now that the 2 year Russian Collusion case has fallen apart there was no Collusion except bye Crooked Hillary and the Democrats they say “gee I have an idea let’s look at Trump’s finances and every deal he has ever done. Let’s follow discredited Michael Cohen.....
Great interview by @LouDobbs with Chris Farrell of Judicial Watch concerning the governments counter-intelligence operation into the Trump Campaign. SPYGATE at the highest level. Who would believe?
.@WashTimes states "Democrats have willfully used Moscow disinformation to influence the presidential election against Donald Trump."
I will beat Hillary easily but Lindsey Graham says I won't and yet he got zero against me- no cred! Why does FOX put him on?
Looking forward to honoring the great Dogan family &amp; the success of the Trump Towers project in Istanbul @FollowTurkey Annual Gala Dinner
Just heard that crazy and very dumb @morningmika had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings @Morning_Joe. Joe a mess!
.@NATO very unfair to the United States! 
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today! 
10 yrs ago today the Iraq war began. 4485 of our nation’s finest have not returned home alive. Iran will soon control Iraq &amp; its oil.
Great job by all law enforcement officers and Boston Mayor @Marty_Walsh.
The worst employee in today's #trumpvlog... 
Via @MailOnline by @dmartosko: “President Trump? Says 'there's a very substantial chance' he'll run in 2016” 
.@antbaxter should really be ashamed about his massive box office disaster. Take a hint and get out of the film (cont) 
.@VanityFair's terrible piece on Mitt's faith is a new low even for them.
Via @advisorsource: "Donald Trump speaks in Novi drawing largest crowd in Oakland County Republican Party's history"
W/ views of NYC's skyline Trump Stamford is Connecticut’s most luxurious high rise featuring Trump amenities 
Trump International Tower in Chicago ranked 6th tallest building in world by Council on Tall Buildings & Urban Habitat 
Will be in Cleveland Ohio w/ @mike_pence tonight- join us:  Florida-tomorrow @ 6pm: 
#CelebApprentice Who will hear those two famous words? @Apprenticenbc premieres tomorrow at 9/8c on NBC. 
Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not their BLOOD SWEAT AND TEARS was a total waste of time. Kaine stands for opposite!
American incomes have fallen $3040 per household in the last 38 months 
Check out my speech from last Friday  as well as my appearance this morning on @foxandfriends 
Now Obama's campaign is guaranteeing 12 million new jobs during a 2nd term     More like $12T in new debt if he wins.
But the Crooked Democrats don’t want people to know this! Thank you to Tim Morrison for your honesty. 
Wow!  The State Department said it has identified 30 Security Incidents involving current or former employees and their handling of Crooked Hillary Clinton’s Emails. @FoxNews  This is really big. Never admitted before. Highly Classified Material. Will the Dems investigate this?
The Tonight Show begins in 5 minutes. Enjoy!
In his own words @BarackObama "was born in Kenya and raised in Indonesia and Hawaii." This statement was made (cont) 
...Funny thing about James Comey. Everybody wanted him fired Republican and Democrat alike. After the rigged &amp; botched Crooked Hillary investigation where she was interviewed on July 4th Weekend not recorded or sworn in and where she said she didn’t know anything (a lie)....
I gave millions of dollars to DJT Foundation raised or recieved millions more ALL of which is given to charity and media won't report!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING! 
Mar-a-Lago my club in Palm Beach and one of the greatest mansions ever built has been nominated as one of (cont) 
North Korea under the leadership of Kim Jong Un will become a great Economic Powerhouse. He may surprise some but he won’t surprise me because I have gotten to know him &amp; fully understand how capable he is. North Korea will become a different kind of Rocket - an Economic one!
The premier landmark in midtown NYC Trump Tower features our signature amenities w/a magnificent waterfall  
Thank you for all of the nice compliments and reviews on the State of the Union speech. 45.6 million people watched the highest number in history. @FoxNews beat every other Network for the first time ever with 11.7 million people tuning in. Delivered from the heart!
General John Kelly is doing a great job as Chief of Staff. I could not be happier or more impressed - and this Administration continues to..
Fast and Furious put semi-automatics in the hands of Mexican drug lords that killed Americans - @BarackObama should answer all questions.
.@Jetsetterdotcom in Hong Kong featured 8 pages on my great hometown of New York City including @TrumpSoHo 
I have brought millions of people into the Republican Party while the Dems are going down. Establishment wants to kill this movement!
If the wind will not serve take to the oars. -- Latin Proverb
Entrepreneurs: Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
The boardroom has never been as intense as in the upcoming13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice. Premieres March 3rd on @NBC!
Sugar @Lord_Sugar  Unlike yours my financials are phenomenal. People don't know your real numbers &amp; would not be impressed.
The Donald J.Trump Signature Collection exclusively available @Macys offers top styles in  menswear. Dress your best 
Via @nbc6: “@MissUniverse Pageant Coming to @TrumpDoral in 2015” 
Those that worked with me in this incredible Midterm Election embracing certain policies and principles did very well. Those that did not say goodbye! Yesterday was such a very Big Win and all under the pressure of a Nasty and Hostile Media!
Don't let them build a wind turbine in your backyard (or near your house). It will destroy your property value.
I am having a great time in Iowa at Jack Trice Stadium! Unbelievable people.
Join me in Dallas Texas this Thursday (October 17th) at the American Airlines Center! #KAG2020Tickets:  
The New Hampshire drug epidemic must stop. If elected POTUS- I will create borders &amp; the drugs will stop pouring in. 
.@TrumpNationalHV features wide open pristine fairways tour caliber greens 64 strategically placed sand bunkers 
...and voted against the massive Tax Cut Bill. He’s also weak on borders and crime. Sadly our great Military and Vets mean nothing to Bobby Jr. Lou Barletta will win! #MAGA
What did our very stupid &amp; ineffective A.G. Eric Schneidean during his trips to MY office tell me about President Obama &amp; Governor Cuomo?
“Seems like the Department of Justice (and FBI) had a program to keep Donald Trump from becoming President”. @DarrellIssa  @foxandfriends  If this had happened to the other side everybody involved would be in jail. This is a Media coverup of the biggest story of our time.
#PeaceOfficersMemorialDay and#PoliceWeek Proclamation:  
Hard to believe that @FoxNews is wasting airtime on Mayor Pete as Chris Wallace likes to call him. Fox is moving more and more to the losing (wrong) side in covering the Dems. They got dumped from the Democrats boring debates and they just want in. They forgot the people.....
In NYC looks like another attack by a very sick and deranged person. Law enforcement is following this closely. NOT IN THE U.S.A.!
.@michellemalkin &amp; @BuzzFeedAndrew: “Vaccine court awards millions to two autistic children damaged by vaccine” 
Via @WSJ by @SenAlexander: "Wind-Power Tax Credits Need to be Blown Away"   @alexsalmond
.@PennyPritzker Really important to cover currency manipulation in trade agreements - that's where China and others are beating us. Best!
Don’t worry it won’t happen! 
I just released my financial disclosure forms the largest numbers in the history of the F.E.C. Even the dishonest media thinks great!
I could fix tv talk shows that are doing poorly—there is tremendous talent out there waiting to be tapped—and nobody sees it!
Crime and killings in Chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that I am sending in Federal help. 1714 shootings in Chicago this year!
Wind turbines are not only killing millions of birds they are killing the finances &amp; environment of many countries &amp; communities.
Hey Missouri let's defeat Crooked Hillary &amp; @koster4missouri! Koster supports Obamacare &amp; amnesty! Vote outsider Navy SEAL @EricGreitens!
.@CNN is in a total meltdown with their FAKE NEWS because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon be gone!
Now AP is banning the term "illegal immigrants" What should we call them? 'Americans'?! This country's political press is amazing!

Little Marco Rubio gave amnesty to criminal aliens guilty of "sex offenses." DISGRACE! 
It's not whether you get knocked down it's whether you get up. -- Vince Lombardi
Last week was a first in #CelebApprentice when I fired 2 celebrities at once. Wish I could FIRE @RickSantorum! (cont) 
If Democrats want to unite around the foul language &amp; racist hatred spewed from the mouths and actions of these very unpopular &amp; unrepresentative Congresswomen it will be interesting to see how it plays out. I can tell you that they have made Israel feel abandoned by the U.S.
Via Huffington Post "Congrats America! Donald Trump Is Now A 2016 Presidential Front-runner"  by Igor Bobic
Our prayers are with the great people of South Dakota. We are staying in close contact with @GovKristiNoem and all the State and Local leaders during and after these devastating floods. Everyone be safe! 
....The assault on our country at our Southern Border including the Criminal elements and DRUGS pouring in is far more important to me as President than Trade or the USMCA. Hopefully Mexico will stop this onslaught at their Northern Border. All Democrats fault for weak laws!
Wouldn’t it be reasonable to assume that Republicans in the Senate should handle the Impeachment Hoax in the exact same manner as Democrats in the House handled their recent partisan scam? Why would it be different for Republicans than it was for the Radical Left Democrats?
For those on TV defending my use of the word "schlonged" bc #MSM is giving it false meaning-tell them it means beaten badly. Dishonest #MSM
Will be interviewed tonight by @seanhannity on @FoxNews at 10 PM. Enjoy!
Obama’s carbon tax plan will finance more windmills in America. More real estate depreciated wildlife killed incl. bald eagles
“I don’t think you should ever run from history. You should learn from it and embrace it.” -@LAClippers Coach Doc Rivers
Wow Crazy Nancy what’s going on? This is big stuff! 
If anybody else but Coore and Crenshaw designed Pinehurst they would be run out of town—(and the turtleback greens are totally unfair)!
Great job just in time! 
Beautiful thank you. 
A REAL scandal is the one sided coverage hour by hour of networks like NBC &amp; Democrat spin machines like Saturday Night Live. It is all nothing less than unfair news coverage and Dem commercials. Should be tested in courts can’t be legal? Only defame &amp; belittle! Collusion?
If you meet every day with optimism – if you confront every obstacle with determination – if you refuse to give up if you never quit if you face every challenge with confidence and pride – then there is no goal you cannot achieve and no dream beyond your reach! #YBLS2018 
Heads of countries are calling wanting to know why Senator Schumer is not approving their otherwise approved Ambassadors!? Likewise in Government lawyers and others are being delayed at a record pace! 360 great and hardworking people are waiting for approval from....
Thank you Nebraska!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you to the Republican National Committee (the RNC) who voted UNANIMOUSLY yesterday to support me in the upcoming 2020 Election. Considering that we have done more than any Administration in the first two years this should be easy. More great things now in the works!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
The Rigged Witch Hunt headed by the 13 Angry Democrats (and now 4 more have been added one who worked directly for Obama W.H.) seems intent on damaging the Republican Party’s chances in the November Election. This Democrat excuse for losing the ‘16 Election never ends!
.@JRubinBlogger (Jennifer Rubin) the wacko “conservative” of the @washingtonpost must learn how to spell the name Bloomberg before it is too late &amp; he is gone! 
I will bring our jobs back to America fix our military and take care of our vets end Common Core and ObamaCare protect 2nd A build WALL
I was interviewed by Greta Van Susteren today here at Trump Tower.  Tune in tonight on Fox News at 10 p.m.… (cont) 
Having dinner tonight with Tim Cook of Apple. They will be spending vast sums of money in the U.S. Great!
A-Rod must be dropped in the Yankees line-up tonight if they want to win. He simply can't perform without drugs.
Article: More illegals enter than people born in state each week.  

Via @businessinsider by @hunterw: “TRUMP UNLOADS: Hillary Clinton was 'the worst' and is 'extremely bad'” 
OmikronDreamer           "@realDonaldTrump do you wear your own ties?"  Yes.
It's inconvenient and inconsiderate: @BarackObama is doing a fundraiser tonight making it almost impossibl… (cont) 
Congratulations to Mike Dewine on his big win in the Great State of Ohio. He will be a great Governor with a heavy focus on HealthCare and Jobs.  His Socialist opponent in November should not do well a big failure in last job!
Entrepreneurs:  Stay focused and be tenacious. Remain fixed on your goals.
My job as President is to do everything within my power to give America a level playing field. #AmericaFirst🇺🇸➡️… 
American Cable Association has big problems with Comcast. They say that Comcast routinely violates Antitrust Laws. “These guys are acting much worse and have much more potential for damage to consumers than anything AT&amp;T-Time Warner would do.” Charlie Gasparino
“Donald Trump’s Approval Rating is at or near his highest level ever. The media is not being honest about what is happening in this Country.” Jesse Watters
My interview with @seanhannity discussing this season's @ApprenticeNBC #TimeToGetTough the economy and GOP primary. 
.@JBPritzker Governor of Illinois and a very small group of certain other Governors together with Fake News @CNN &amp; Concast (MSDNC) shouldn’t be blaming the Federal Government for their own shortcomings. We are there to back you up should you fail and always will be!
What a great four days in Cleveland. So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all. The police and Secret Service were fantastic!
“Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack.” - Sun Tzu
He made same prediction in 2016. Nobody ever said Michael was stupid! 
The White House is a “smooth running machine.” We are making some of the biggest and most important deals in our country’s history - with many more to come! The Dems are going crazy!
Watch me tonight on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon.Photo: Lloyd Bishop/NBC 
This week the Senate can join the House &amp; take a strong stand for the Middle Class families who are the backbone of America. Together we will give the American people a big beautiful Christmas present-a massive tax cut that lets Americans keep more of their HARD-EARNED MONEY! 
Thank you @SenatorDole very kind! 
.@LisaRinna looks better with her reduced lips. Good move Lisa. #CelebApprentice
....up like a rocket if we did some lowering of rates like one point and some quantitative easing. Yes we are doing very well at 3.2% GDP but with our wonderfully low inflation we could be setting major records &amp; at the same time make our National Debt start to look small!
Via @LinkedInPulse  by @nicholas_wyman: “What All Hiring Managers Can Learn from Donald Trump”  
Mark Penn  “Why are there people from the Clinton Foundation on the Mueller Staff? Why is there an Independent Counsel? To go after people and their families for unrelated offenses...Constitution was set up to prevent this...Stormtrooper tactics almost.” A disgrace!
China watched Obama’s press conference yesterday salivating.  We will be borrowing trillions more from them.

Will be doing @foxandfriends live tomorrow at 7AM ET from Europe.
... than his destruction of Scotland’s magnificent lands.@AlexSalmond
Debate showed--- these guys really hate each other. At one point it looked like they would come to blows. 
I wonder if Marshawn Lynch will now speak and call some  coach a moron for not allowing him to run the ball three times for one yard?
Listening to @rushlimbaugh on way back to Jury Duty. Fantastic show terrific guy!
.@Troy_Balderson of Ohio is running for Congress - so important to the Republican Party. Cast you early vote or vote on August 7th. Troy is strong on crime and borders loves our Military our Vets and our Second Amendment. He has my full and total Endorsement!
Voter fraud! Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate and nobody says a word. Can you imagine if I got the questions?
Our Nation was founded by farmers. Our independence was won by farmers. And our continent was tamed by farmers. Our farmers always lead the way -- we are PROUD of them and we are DELIVERING for them! #NationalAgricultureDay
With all of the Fake and Made Up News out there Iran can have no idea what is actually going on!
Remember it was the Republican Party with the help of Conservatives that made so many promises to their base BUT DIDN'T KEEP THEM! Hi DT
The United States cannot continue to make such bad one-sided trade deals. There are only so many jobs we can give up. No more!
In Texas now leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
#TrumpVine on ObamaCare website- 
I’m self funding my campaign but lobbyists &amp; special interests for Jeb &amp; others are starting to do big ads—desperate! Don’t believe them.
Storms overnight across Ohio and many other States were very dangerous and damaging. My team continues to update me with reports from emergency managers in the States affected. Listen to your local officials and be resilient. We are with you!
Gold just set another record high on price with the largest physical gold sales on record   Inflation is coming...
It’s okay but why do the haters (&amp; losers) want to follow me on twitter?? Get a life!
.....not mentioned in yesterday press release one in particular were agreed upon. That will be announced at the appropriate time. There is now going to be great cooperation between Mexico &amp; the USA something that didn’t exist for decades. However if for some unknown reason...
I always enjoy watching young entrepreneurs enter the business world.  I can tell who reads my books and who doesn’t.  #MidasTouch
.@FoxNews should not put @KarlRove on—he has no credibility a bush plant who called all races wrong.
.@KeithUrban is excellent on American Idol—great touch solid guy!
Why gas prices will cost @BarackObama re-election: pain-at-the-pump-not-good-for-obama 
A letter written to one of my many critics! 
“Concentration comes out of a combination of confidence and hunger.” - Arnold Palmer
I’ve done more for Firefighters than this dues sucking union will ever do and I get paid ZERO! 
I am greatly honored to receive Sarah Palin's endorsement tonight. Video:  
....”knife crime” which is totally out of control in London. People are afraid to even walk the streets. He is a terrible mayor who should stay out of our business!
ABC/Washington Post Poll was the worst and most inaccurate poll of any taken prior to the 2016 Election. When my lawyers protested they took a 12 point down and brought it to almost even by Election Day. It was a Fake Poll by two very bad and dangerous media outlets. Sad!
Wacky @NYTimesDowd who hardly knows me makes up things that I never said for her boring interviews and column. A neurotic dope!
Thanks Piers. 
Thank you for your support &amp; friendship- Governor @ChrisChristie!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Will be interviewed at 5:00 A.M. Eastern by @JoeSquawk on @CNBC at the World Economic Forum in Davos Switzerland. Enjoy!
A top rated NY course by @GolfDigestMag @TrumpNationalNY provides award winning services and exceptional facilities 
Adam Schiff is a Corrupt Politician! 
Enough about my ties etc. @Macys but they are doing really big numbers - people love them (and @Macys loves Trump)!
CBO estimates over 2.3M jobs will be lost due to ObamaCare  Elections have consequences.
My @OraTV #Politicking interview w/@kingsthings on the govt. shutdown ObamaCare Putin 2016 and @TrumpDoral 
I never thought I'd be saying this but I've really enjoyed  @RichLowry on television lately and he was terrific hosting @seanhannity
Congratulations to John Rich and to Marlee Matlin for a terrific job throughout the season. You are both great! 
In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump. Crazy!
Our enemy China is illegally buying oil from our enemy Iran  China loves it!
Thank you Louisiana! Get out &amp; vote for John Kennedy tomorrow. Electing Kennedy will help enact our agenda on behal… 
Rod Blagojevich did not sell the Senate seat. He served 8 years in prison with many remaining. He paid a big price. Another Comey and gang deal! Thank you to @LisaMarieBoothe who really “gets” what’s going on! @FoxNews
#TBT On the stage during the Emmys performing "Green Acres" with Megan Mullally 
Remember this Andrew McCabe didn’t go to the bathroom without the approval of Leakin’ James Comey!
Very exciting—tomorrow night at Madison Square Garden I get inducted into the @WWE Hall of Fame.
Just landing in Knoxville Tennessee! Massive crowd expected! Will all have a great time despite serious subject matter.
Landing in Montana now - at least everybody admits that my lines and crowds are far bigger than Barack Obama’s... 
Macy’s was very disloyal to me bc of my strong stance on illegal immigration. Their stock has crashed! #BoycottMacys 
After years of long stops then starts why did dopey Eric Scheiderman tell people in The Trump Org. "this case is going awaywe have no case
Interesting article by @MattTowery @townhallcom:“It Is Time to Use ‘The Trump Card’”   Thanks Matt for the nice mention
Celebrated for its room views by @LuxTravelExpert @TrumpChicago soars a luxurious 92 stories over the Windy City 
Just spoke to Governor @AsaHutchinson of the Great State of Arkansas to inform him that FEMA and the Federal Government will do whatever is necessary to help out with what has turned out to be Record Flooding. Asa and local officials are doing a great job!
The @nytimes. “This week the Senate passed a milestone in confirming the 150th Federal Judge of Mr. Trump’s Administration to a lifetime appointment far outstripping Barack Obama’s pace and fulfilling pledges by Mr. Trump and Mr. O’Connell to remake the Federal Judiciary....
Newly released documents show Geithner to be laughing as the financial crisis loomed  
“This is political malpractice. This is a horrible judgement call on the part of the Speaker. You put your members in Trump friendly districts in a very difficult spot. It’s only going to extend it out further. This looks like the joke that it actually is.” Ben Domenech
We have large trade deficits with Mexico and Canada. NAFTA which is under renegotiation right now has been a bad deal for U.S.A. Massive relocation of companies &amp; jobs. Tariffs on Steel and Aluminum will only come off if new &amp; fair NAFTA agreement is signed. Also Canada must..
Farm Bill signing in 15 minutes! #Emmys #TBT 
ObamaCare is a major threat to America's entrepreneurial spirit and competitiveness. Small businesses will b… (cont) 
Every day Pastor Saeed is imprisoned by Iran is an indictment on Obama’s ‘diplomacy.’ #SaveSaeed
Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words.
If you accept the expectations of others especially negative ones then you will never change the outcome.  -- Michael Jordan
It's not that I'm so smart it's just that I stay with problems longer. -- Albert Einstein
The Great Charles Payne @cvpayne correctly stated that Fed Chair Jay Powell made TWO enormous mistakes. 1. When he said “mid cycle adjustment.” 2. We’re data dependent.  “He did not do the right thing.” I agree (to put it mildly!). @Varneyco
Rep Tlaib wants to cut off aid to Israel. This is the new face the of Democrat Party? Read the AOC PLUS 3 statements on their hatred of Jews and Israel. Check out Rep. Omar (the great people of Minnesota won’t stand for this).
#StopTheBias 
.@WWE: He's answered the call! @realDonaldTrump responds to @VinceMcMahon's #ALSIceBucketChallenge!  #SmackDownALS
Beautiful MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally in Lebanon Ohio. Thank you! #ICYMI watch here:  
My @piersmorgan interview on Snowden the traitor national security and China hacking us 
Heading to rally with Bobby now! See you soon!

My @FoxNews int. with @seanhannity on Obama being all talk &amp; no action &amp; making America Great Again! 
If this were a prizefight they’d stop it!
“Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.” -  Thomas Jefferson
Be sure to download my new The Celebrity Apprentice app to begin interacting with this Sunday's episode 
US should have told Libya "Rebels" --- give us 50% of your oil for our military support.
Failing @GlennBeck lost all credibility. Not only was he fired @ FOX he would have voted for Clinton over McCain. 
This election is a total sham and a travesty. We are not a democracy!
Obama has called @GOP terrorists during this showdown. It’s a shame he really doesn’t think it because then he would meet all @GOP demands.
Hillary's debate answer on delay: "That is horrifying. That is not the way our democracy works. Been around for 240 years. We've had free --
The Republicans must be patient and smart - ObamaCare could sweep them into office in far greater numbers than anyone ever thought possible!
Do you think I made the right decision? #CelebApprentice
Big wins against ISIS!
Via NYTimes What's Your Ideal Gadget?  
108 countries are dealing with the CoronaVirus problem some of which we are helping!
Marco Rubio should pick a location that has working air conditioning next time - especially when in Miami - proper plan. Sweating profusely!
Thank you! #GOPDebate Polls #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Just signed contract to purchase the Ritz Carlton in Jupiter Florida--great land great location great future!
Wind farms are now being paid to shut down  A complete waste.
We must stop outsourcing our jobs overseas and end our multi-billion dollar trade deficits.
Thank you Mississippi! #Trump2016
The OPEC Monopoly must remember that gas prices are up &amp; they are doing little to help. If anything they are driving prices higher as the United States defends many of their members for very little $’s. This must be a two way street. REDUCE PRICING NOW!
Welcome to Obama's America--record high poverty and an 8% drop in median household family income   Four more years?
Watch me tonight on The O'Reilly Factor at 8 pm and 11 pm EST FOX News
Exactly 100 years ago today on November 11th 1918 World War I came to an end. We are gathered together at this hallowed resting place to pay tribute to the brave Americans who gave their last breath in that mighty struggle.... 
Really big jobs meeting today at the White House! 3 P.M.
The Fake News Media and their Democrat Partners are working hard to determine whether or not the future attack by terrorist Soleimani was “imminent” or not &amp; was my team in agreement. The answer to both is a strong YES. but it doesn’t really matter because of his horrible past!


The United States condemns the terror attack in Barcelona Spain and will do whatever is necessary to help. Be tough &amp; strong we love you!
Marco Rubio was a complete disaster today in an interview with Chris Wallace @FoxNews concerning our invading Iraq.He was as clueless as Jeb
Now Michelle Nunn will not admit she voted for Obama. Of course she did. Nunn supports ObamaCare &amp; is anti-Second Amendment.
Everyone makes mistakes but it's what you do with them and what you learn from them that matters. -- Midas Touch
The WGC @CadillacChamp leadership board is available here:  @DoralResort
....They call it “serving at the pleasure of the President.” The U.S. now has a very strong and powerful foreign policy much different than proceeding administrations. It is called quite simply America First! With all of that however I have done FAR more for Ukraine than O.
Trump Hotels are delivering lots of food to storm victims...we love doing it!
Americans may no longer have access to their family doctors because of Obamacare.  via @Newsmax_Media
The Democrats are on a fishing expedition wanting to interview the same people and see the same things as we just went through for two years with Robert Mueller and the 18 Angry Dems. Never happened to a president before. Never even happened to President Obama!
The highly respected Farm Journal has just announced my Approval Rating with our great Farmers at 74% and that despite all of the Fake &amp; Corrupt News that they are forced to endure. Farmers have been unfairly treated for many years - and that is turning around FAST!
Today's job report is not a good sign &amp; we could be facing another recession. No real job growth. We need over 300K new jobs a month.
The Democrats have no message  not on economics not on taxes  not on jobs not on failing #Obamacare. They are only OBSTRUCTIONISTS!
Trump International Golf Links was just rated one of the greatest courses in the world. Virtually all reviews are saying the same thing. 
The United States has VERY LOW INFLATION a beautiful thing!


Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U.S. Senate goofy Elizabeth Warren who lied on heritage.
I am watching the New York mayoral race very closely…
Give great credit to @GeorgeClooney for exposing the atrocities taking place in Sudan.
.@BrentBozell one of the National Review lightweights came to my office begging for money like a dog. Why doesn't he say that?
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.The Art of The Deal
.@MittRomney Op-Ed "Culture Does Matter" : 
Thank you for joining us tonight in Tennessee @TheLeeGreenwood. GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.! 
Iran must immediately allow Christian #PastorSaeed out of prison or we should put back sanctions (which should never have been lifted)
“Americans are hungry to feel once again a sense of mission and greatness.” – Pres. Ronald Reagan
I am very impressed by @dennisrodman. His return to this season’s @ApprenticeNBC  showed who Dennis really is--which is very good.
The Irish government is too smart to destroy their beautiful coastline w/ bird-killing ugly wind turbines. @AlexSalmond @AberdeenCC
Too bad @morningmika did not allow her interview with @SpitzerForNYC  to go on another few minutes…would have been interesting…
Featuring private living spaces oversized bathrooms &amp; stunning views @TrumpSoHo = downtown NYC’s premiere hotel 
We are way over the fiscal cliff.  And with Obama Care being fully implemented in less than 14 months it may be too late.
Great shots of @TrumpTowerNY #CelebApprentice
Hopefully Saudi Arabia and OPEC will not be cutting oil production. Oil prices should be much lower based on supply!
Departing for Orlando Florida with @FLOTUS Melania! 
Congratulations to Bill Lee of Tennessee on his big primary win for Governor last night.  He ran a great campaign and now will finish off the job in November. Bill has my total and enthusiastic Endorsement!
Thank you @MarkLevinShow and John Eastman! 
....in our Country’s history and the poverty index is also best number EVER) leagues and teams love coming to the White House. I am a big fan of the American Team and Women’s Soccer but Megan should WIN first before she TALKS! Finish the job! We haven’t yet....
Does @BarackObama ever work? He is constantly campaigning and fundraising--on both the taxpayer's dime and time---not fair!
....Judy is a Founding Member of the board of directors of Empower America and has served on the board of directors of Hilton Hotels.

According to a @gallupnews poll over 60% think ObamaCare will make things worse for taxpayers  ObamaCare is a T-A-X.
Champions aren't made in the gyms. Champions are made from something they have deep inside them - a desire a dream a vision.  Muhammad Ali
Elijah Cummings spends all of his time trying to hurt innocent people through “Oversight.” He does NOTHING for his very poor very dangerous and very badly run district! Take a look.... #BlacksForTrump2020 
I just want to know how much is Saudi Arabia and others who we are helping willing to pay for our saving from total extinction. Pay up now!
Wow you are all correct about @FoxNews - totally biased and disgusting reporting.
Visiting New York City?  Make sure to skate in the world famous Trump Rink in Central Park  Great for the whole family!
Someone needs to tell the Democrats in Congress that CoronaVirus doesn’t care what party you are in. We need to protect ALL Americans!
.@Neilyoung’s song “Rockin’ In The Free World” was just one of 10 songs used as background music. Didn’t love it anyway.
Great to hear that our loyal @CelebApprentice fans are happy with today's announcement of the new cast. This will be something special!
70% of the Chinese say they are better off than they were 4 years ago   At least someone has done well under Obama.
Talks with China continue in a very congenial manner - there is absolutely no need to rush - as Tariffs are NOW being paid to the United States by China of 25% on 250 Billion Dollars worth of goods &amp; products. These massive payments go directly to the Treasury of the U.S....
#LaborDay #AmericaFirstVideo:  
Just as I predicted ObamaCare is a complete disaster which is failing on its own. May never be fully implemented.
Join me in Westfield Indiana- tomorrow night at 7:30pm! #Trump2016 Tickets:  
When your life flashes before your eyes make sure you've got plenty to watch. --Anonymous
Interesting case from UK re @stellacreasy and abusive troll 
Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. Job killer!
If the U.S. attacks Syria and hits the wrong targets killing civilians there will be worldwide hell to pay. Stay away and fix broken U.S.
Sen. @MaxBaucus has announced his retirement. A major proponent of ObamaCare Baucus now says it’s a ‘huge train wreck.’
The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad!
Just named General H.R. McMaster National Security Advisor.
Trump: Zimmerman Trial 'Traumatic Period for Country'  @Newsmax_Media
The story in the New York Times concerning North Korea developing missile bases is inaccurate. We fully know about the sites being discussed nothing new - and nothing happening out of the normal. Just more Fake News. I will be the first to let you know if things go bad!
Remember but for Conservatives Bush would have given us not only Roberts but also Harriet Miers. Face it Bush was terrible!
Obamacare is a disaster. We must REPEAL &amp; REPLACE. Tired of the lies and want to #DrainTheSwamp? Get out &amp; VOTE… 
I see @FLGovScott poll numbers are improving. Good man doing a good job.
“Face It You Probably Got A Tax Cut!” This was a New York Times headline and it is very true. If Republicans take back the House and keep the Senate and Presidency one of our first acts will be to approve a major middle income Tax Cut! Democrats only want to raise your taxes!
Just purchased NBC’s half of The Miss Universe Organization and settled all lawsuits against them. Now own 100% -- stay tuned!
This Scam going on right now by the Democrats against the Republican Party and me was all about a perfect phone call I had with the Ukrainian President. He’s already stated NO PRESSURE! Where is the Whistleblower or the 2nd Whistleblower or the “informant?” All gone.....

Illegal Immigration costs the USA over 300 Billion Dollars a year. There is no reason for this and things are being set in motion to have this number come WAY DOWN. Democrats could end Loopholes and it would be a whole lot easier and faster. But it will all happen anyway!....
“GOP Lawmakers asking Sessions to Investigate Comey and Hillary Clinton.” @FoxNews   Good luck with that request!
Can you believe that Sony chief Amy Pascal wants to meet with Al Sharpton to seek forgiveness for her racial slurs. Al is laughing at her!
Saw Michael Jordan and Ray Allen today playing golf at Trump National Doral the Blue Monster. Great guys!
I was very surprised &amp; disappointed that Senator Joe Manchin of West Virginia voted against me on the Democrat’s totally partisan Impeachment Hoax. No President has done more for the great people of West Virginia than me (Pensions) and that will....
Will be doing a Town Hall on @FoxNews at 12:05 P.M. (Now). I will go on around 1:00 P.M. Enjoy!
The U.S. will invite El Chapo the Mexican drug lord who just escaped prison to become a U.S. citizen because our "leaders" can't say no!
What is your favorite @THEGaryBusey film? Tonight's short film? Point Break? Lethal Weapon? #CelebApprentice
....United States Citizens first. Border Patrol and others in Law Enforcement have been doing a great job. We said there was a Crisis - the Fake News &amp; the Dems said it was “manufactured.” Now all agree we were right but they always knew that. They are crowded (which we.....
Which is worse Hightax Andrew Cuomo's statement “WE’RE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT” or Hillary Clinton’s “DEPLORABLES” statement...
.@club4growth asked me for $1 million. I said no. Now falsely advertising that I will raise taxes. I’ll lower big league for middle class.
France and President @EmmanuelMacron have done a really great job thus far with a very important G-7. Lunch with Emmanuel was the best meeting we have yet had. Likewise evening meeting with World Leaders went very well. Progress being made!
This is how it starts. Obama is now threatening to use an Executive Order for gun control  Welcome to his 2nd term.
I never “lashed out” at the Acting Attorney General of the U.S. a man for whom I have great respect. This is a made up story one of many by the Fake News Media!
The Fake News Networks are working overtime in Puerto Rico doing their best to take the spirit away from our soldiers and first R's. Shame!

Congressman Chris Stewart: “No one is accusing the President of a crime and yet they (the Democrats) are issuing hundreds of subpoenas. This is unprecedented.” They are desperately trying to find anything they can even a punctuation mistake in a document!
I will be interviewed on @GMA Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M. @ABC will be announcing new poll numbers. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
People ask me what I do in my free time. The answer--I don't have any.
.....I look forward to my meeting with Chuck Schumer &amp; Nancy Pelosi. In 2006 Democrats voted for a Wall and they were right to do so. Today they no longer want Border Security. They will fight it at all cost and Nancy must get votes for Speaker. But the Wall will get built...
MEXICO HAS AGREED TO IMMEDIATELY BEGIN BUYING LARGE QUANTITIES OF AGRICULTURAL PRODUCT FROM OUR GREAT PATRIOT FARMERS!
Funny how the Fake News Media doesn’t want to say that the Russian group was formed in 2014 long before my run for President. Maybe they knew I was going to run even though I didn’t know!
Congratulations to my brother Robert &amp; Ann Marie on the success of @MontesKitchen in Dutchess County New York (Amenia.) Great food!
NASDAQ UP 27% THIS YEAR ALONE!
Sports fans should never condone players that do not stand proud for their National Anthem or their Country. NFL should change policy!
Little Michael Bloomberg who never had the guts to run for president knows nothing about me. His last term as Mayor was a disaster!
Thank you working hard! 
AmyMek  Amen! @realDonaldTrump has drawn more attention to Veterans issues in 1 week than these politicians have in decades!
.@Matt_Berry87  Piers did a great job--the interview was very important.
.@RepTomMarino  Great job on television this morning. Glad to have you on my side!
R.P.Virginia has lost statewide 7 times in a row. Will now not allow desperately needed new voters. Suicidal mistake. RNC MUST ACT NOW!
Today is referendum on ObamaCare Amnesty slow growth having your healthcare dropped &amp; all the other lies.
Understand that difficulties mistakes &amp; setbacks are an inevitable part of business and life. Don't allow them to knock you off your feet.
The Storms in the Atlantic are very dangerous. We encourage anyone in the path of these storms to prepare themselves and to heed the warnings of State and Local officials. The Federal Government is closely monitoring and ready to assist. We are with you!
Where is the Whistleblower and why did he or she write such a fictitious and incorrect account of my phone call with the Ukrainian President? Why did the IG allow this to happen? Who is the so-called Informant (Schiff?) who was so inaccurate? A giant Scam!
Today the Democrats lose big. But tomorrow the Republicans must communicate a positive pro-growth agenda.
Great column by @howardfineman on @HuffPostPol: "Karl Rove Is Done" 
The Democrat’s Best &amp; Finest! 
With the record $200M renovations on track &amp; budget (a miracle in DC) Trump Int’l Washington DC is being built into a national marvel.
Merry Christmas to all - have a fantastic day year and life! The World with great leadership will become a much more beautiful place!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #IACaucus # 
China buys MUCH less from us than we buy from them by almost 500 Billion Dollars so we are in a fantastic position. Make your product at home in the USA and there is no Tariff. You can also buy from a non-Tariffed country instead of China. Many companies are leaving China.....
“The only way to shut down the Democrats new Mob Rule strategy is to stop them cold at the Ballot Box. The fight for America’s future is never over!” Ben Shapiro
Democrats are far more concerned with Illegal Immigrants than they are with our great Military or Safety at our dangerous Southern Border. They could have easily made a deal but decided to play Shutdown politics instead. #WeNeedMoreRepublicansIn18 in order to power through mess!
Tucson killer Loughner should be given the death penalty not his plea bargained life in prison--which will cost (cont) 
Democrat “leadership” despite their denials are putting tremendous pressure on their members to vote yes on this ridiculous Impeachment. If they vote yes it will be much easier for Republicans to win in 2020!
Rima Fakih our beautiful Miss USA rode with me on the Gray Line Ride of Fame yesterday...  
My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!
The charities I have designated for @billmaher's donations are: Police Athletic League-New York March of Dimes Hurricane Sandy victims....
“We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible.” -   Vince Lombardi
Everybody is raving about the Trump Home Mattress by @SertaMattresses. If you are looking for a mattress go buy (cont) 
Mark Morgan President Obama’s Border Patrol Chief gave the following message to me: “President Trump stay the course.” I agree and believe it or not we are making great progress with a system that has been broken for many years!
The Witch Hunt is the greatest political scam in U.S. history! #MAGA 
If my many supporters acted and threatened people like those who lost the election are doing they would be scorned &amp; called terrible names!
Emmy Awards show was terrible last night. Same shows winning over and over again (politics). Amazing race a joke. Host Seth Meyers bombed!
As I predicted 1 year ago gasoline prices hit a record high today...OPEC is having a ball at our expense.
Had a great time with @MittRomney last night. He is focused and ready for the battle ahead. Lots of money was raised.
I want to thank all my friends in Macon for the special evening and great reception. What a crowd of incredible people!
My statement on NATO being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive (and unfair) for the U.S. are now finally receiving plaudits!
So great to see how unified the Republican Party was on today’s vote concerning statements I made about four Democrat Congresswomen. If you really want to see statements look at the horrible things they said about our Country Israel and much more. They are now the top most...
If Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi gain the majority they will try to raise your taxes restore job-killing regulations shut down your coal mines and timber mills take away your healthcare impose socialism and ERASE your borders. VOTE for @MattForMontana and @GregForMontana! 
Movie producer Harvey Weinstein who lost his company to Colony Capital is against guns but makes movies w/ major gun violence--really!
Stock Market has increased by 5.2 Trillion dollars since the election on November 8th a 25% increase. Lowest unemployment in 16 years and..
#WVPrimary #VoteTrump #
I appreciate the GOP candidates who remain strong on border security. They know I am right. A nation without borders cannot survive.
He @BarackObama said it would be 'unprecedented' if the USC rules that ObamaCare is unconstitutional. It was (cont) 
The Muslim Brotherhood dictator in Egypt is bad news.  He will never be our true ally!
Yesterday's failing @NYTimes fraudulently shows an empty room prior to my speech when in fact it was packed! 
Wow! If Elizabeth Warren wasn’t in the race Bernie Sanders would have EASILY won Massachusetts Minnesota and Texas not to mention various other states. Our modern day Pocahontas won’t go down in history as a winner but she may very well go down as the all time great SPOILER!
If their highly unethical behavior including begging me for ads isn’t questionable enough they have endorsed a candidate who can’t win.
My new book  Time To Get Tough  comes out  on December 5th. Pre-order on Amazon.com. It's the best book I've ever written.
I wonder what the great generals like Patton the big M or Robert E. LEE would have thought about our stupid broadcasting of an attack?
It is terrible that neither Obama Biden nor Kerry attended Lady Thatcher’s funeral. They would all run to Muslim Brotherhood Morsi’s.
ObamaCare enrollment lie: Obama counts an enrollee as a web user putting a plan in “their online shopping carts”  
....They want to Impeach me (I’m not worried!) and yet they were all breaking the law in so many ways. How can they do that and yet impeach a very successful (Economy Plus) President of the United States who has done nothing wrong? These people are Crazy!
Our Country is the envy of the World. Thank you Mr. President! 
Obama’s attack  on the internet is another top down power grab. Net neutrality is the Fairness Doctrine. Will target conservative media.
Joe Paterno's family should sue the idiots @PennState that made that ridiculous deal--and commissioned the one sided report.
Defying voters the Governor of California will halt all death penalty executions of 737 stone cold killers. Friends and families of the always forgotten VICTIMS are not thrilled and neither am I!
As I made very clear today our country needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border which must be part of any DACA approval.
Now the press is trying to sell the fact that I wanted a Moot stuffed with alligators and snakes with an electrified fence and sharp spikes on top at our Southern Border. I may be tough on Border Security but not that tough. The press has gone Crazy. Fake News!
THE GREATEST SCAM IN THE HISTORY OF AMERICAN POLITICS!
My @IngrahamAngle interview discussing @JebBush's comments a united 2012 GOP #CelebApprentice &amp; Trump#Miss Universe 
Everybody tells me not to hit back at the lowlifes that go after me for PR--sorry but I must. It's my nature.
A  pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities...,02-20-2013 21:49:19,503,196,false,304347023757430784Twitter Web Client,...and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties.  Harry S. Truman
Getting ready to go to the Daytona 500. Will be GREAT!
Drew Brees is having a great game - a fantastic quarterback and really good guy!
Highest Condolences! Thank you V.P. 
We need a 21st century MERIT-BASED immigration system.  Chain migration and the visa lottery are outdated programs that hurt our economic and national security. 
We need to fix our broken education system! #StopCommonCore #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Video:  
“This is everything FDR dreamed about the New Deal to put America back to work. Think of LBJ he gave people food stamps &amp; welfare. Donald Trump’s giving them a job. He’s got a lot of good things to talk about. News stories do not accurately cover him should correct.” @DougWead
I will be on @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 8 PM and 11 PM.
ginrnnr2                    "@realDonaldTrump ...is China economy in a "bubble"?"  Only if we want it to be!
That doesn’t sound like Michael does it? 
When written in Chinese the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity." JFK
.@deneenborelli  Thank you for your nice words--greatly appreciated.
Obama is trying to block sequester layoff notices in Virginia  Another example of sleazy politics!
Chris Farrell Judicial Watch. “They were running an operation to undermine a candidate for President of the U.S. These are all violations of law. This is intelligence tradecraft to steer an election. There’s nothing more grave when it comes to abuse of our intelligence system...
I promise you that I'm much smarter than Jonathan Leibowitz - I mean Jon Stewart @TheDailyShow. Who by the way is totally overrated.
My two sons Eric &amp; Don have long been expert hunters &amp; marksmen @NRA. They go on safaris &amp; give animals to the poor &amp; starving villagers!
“Trying to use the 25th Amendment to try and circumvent the Election is a despicable act of unconstitutional power grabbing...which happens in third world countries. You have to obey the law. This is an attack on our system &amp; Constitution.” Alan Dershowitz. @TuckerCarlson

....The USA was never set up for this just look at the catastrophe of the H1N1 Swine Flu (Biden in charge 17000 people lost very late response time) but it soon will be. Great decision to close our China and other borders early. Saved many lives!
Obama has blocked ICE officers and BP from doing their jobs. That ends when I am President!
Leaving Puerto Rico now for D.C. Will be in Las Vegas early tomorrow to pay my respects. Everyone is in my thoughts and prayers. 
Getting the support of @DanaWhite of UFC means a lot. A total winner who has done an amazing job. Just ordered his fight to watch tonight!

A clip from my interview with @jimmyfallon discussing the cast of @ApprenticeNBC Season 5 
I will be in Washington D.C. tomorrow to receive the 2014 Joseph Wharton Award at the Wharton Club of D.C.—a great honor! @Wharton
Judge Gorsuch will be sworn in at the Rose Garden of the White House on Monday at 11:00 A.M. He will be a great Justice. Very proud of him!
Tom Ridge is a failed 'Bushy' &amp; PA Governor. Him &amp; his friend @KarlRove shouldn't be allowed to do their bias commentary- nobody listens!
For all of those who have been asking about online sales the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold @Macys.com
So many people are seeing the benefits of the Tax Cut Bill. Everyone is talking really nice to see!
Just started building one of the great hotels of the World in Washington D.C. the site of the Old Post Office. Will be amazing - JOBS!
Democrat lawyer is same for both Whistleblowers? All support Obama and Crooked Hillary. Witch Hunt! 
Young entrepreneurs – remember quality and results are the key metrics to success.
My thoughts and prayers are with Representative Katie Arrington of South Carolina including all of those involved in last nights car accident and their families. 
On my way to the #ArmyNavyGame in Philadelphia Pennsylvania! 
Who would you rather have negotiating for the U.S. against Putin Iran China etc. Donald Trump or Hillary? Is there even a little doubt?
.@MissUniverse ratings were great! A big win and a wonderful night! 
I am watching the Democrat Party led (because they want Open Borders and existing weak laws) assault on our country by Guatemala Honduras and El Salvador whose leaders are doing little to stop this large flow of people INCLUDING MANY CRIMINALS from entering Mexico to U.S.....
#USStateVisit🇺🇸🇬🇧 
Robust Economic growth is the answer to the Medicare Problem--not cuts on the elderly.
Just out report: "United Kingdom crime rises 13% annually amid spread of Radical Islamic terror." Not good we must keep America safe!
Secretary of the Interior @RyanZinke will be leaving the Administration at the end of the year after having served for a period of almost two years. Ryan has accomplished much during his tenure and I want to thank him for his service to our Nation.......
THANK YOU! #MAGA 
The World market for face masks and ventilators is Crazy. We are helping the states to get equipment but it is not easy. Just got 400 Ventilators for @NYCMayor Bill de Blasio. Work beginning on 4 hospitals in New York! Millions of different type items coming!
Congratulations to @rushlimbaugh on his recent 26th year anniversary. Rush has revolutionized talk radio! Sorry haters and losers!
CORRUPTION CONFIRMED: FBI confirms State Dept. offered 'quid pro quo' to cover up classified 
The only way to stop the crazed Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats “is for the Republican Senate to run an offense here”. @LeeSmithDC  @IngrahamAngle  @FoxNews So true although the Dems Hoaxes &amp; Witch Hunts have driven up Republican Polls and mine mightily!
Boston incident is terrible. We need energy and passion but we must treat each other with respect. I would never condone violence.
As it has turned out James Comey lied and leaked and totally protected Hillary Clinton. He was the best thing that ever happened to her!
China is an international pariah. They are now harassing Japan over its purchase of 3 uninhabited islands  
Why did failing A.G. Eric Schneiderman after years of looking file his pathetic lawsuit on a SATURDAY afternoon (unheard of)? No case!
A gallon of gas has more than doubled while @BarackObama has been POTUS and he still won't approve Keystone.
'Hillary Clinton Had Gun Control Supporters Planted In Town Hall Audience' 
Bernie Sanders must really dislike Crooked Hillary after the way she played him. Many of his supporters because of trade will come to me.
We all know that chess is a game of strategy. So is business. - Think Like a Champion
Lawrence O'Donnell will soon have another cancelled show to go along with his three cancelled TV series "Mister (cont) 
“You have to be patient as well as enthusiastic when it comes to your goals. Think big but be realistic.” – Think Big
China's media is attacking @MittRomney while endorsing @BarackObama    Of course. Mitt knows it's Time To Get Tough.
The so-called Whistleblower’s account of my perfect phone call is “way off” not even close. Schiff and Pelosi never thought I would release the transcript of the call. Got them by surprise they got caught. This is a fraud against the American people!
For tonight’s #DemDebate be sure to follow @TeamTrump @TrumpWarRoom @Parscale @KayleighMcEnany @TimMurtaugh and @Marc_Lotter for RAPID RESPONSE FACT CHECKING and the TRUTH! #MAGA #KAG Sorry I’m on Air Force One off to save the Free World!
Ford is MOVING jobs from Michigan to Mexico AGAIN!  As President this will stop on Day One! Jobs will stay here.

...I say Andrew’s was a bigger and more incompetent blunder. He should easily win his race against a Super Liberal Actress but his political career is over!
In order not to pay Tariffs if they start rising companies will leave Mexico which has taken 30% of our Auto Industry and come back home to the USA. Mexico must take back their country from the drug lords and cartels. The Tariff is about stopping drugs as well as illegals!
Nadler just said that I “pressured Ukraine to interfere in our 2020 Election.” Ridiculous and he knows that is not true. Both the President &amp; Foreign Minister of Ukraine said many times that there “WAS NO PRESSURE.” Nadler and the Dems know this but refuse to acknowledge!
The Democrats have become known as THE DO NOTHING PARTY!
It is a great honor to have helped the community so much. 
Cruz said Kasich should leave because he couldn't get to 1237. Now he can't get to 1237. Drop out LYIN' Ted.
Thank you @megynkelly for the nice things you said about Melania. You will like her great heart and smart - always wanting to help people!
I had a fun time doing the #CallMeMaybe video featuring  the @MissUSA contestants @BravoAndy and @GiulianaRancic-  
“Consumer Confidence in February Highest Since November 2000” 
Wise words from my father:  “Know everything you can about what you’re doing.”   Fred C. Trump
Great NRA crowd and enthusiasm in Indiana. Thank you! Leaving now for meetings in the Oval Office.
My joint @seanhannity int. on @FoxNews with @GeraldoRivera recapping @ApprenticeNBC &amp; discussing the 2016 election 
Whenever you see the words 'sources say' in the fake news media and they don't mention names....
It's going to get hotter in Las Vegas tonight! Watch the Miss Universe Pageant tonight on NBC at 9 p.m. I'm looking forward to being there!
The Media should view this as a time of unity and strength. We have a common enemy actually an enemy of the World the CoronaVirus. We must beat it as quickly and safely as possible. There is nothing more important to me than the life &amp; safety of the United States!
Congress - FIX OUR INSANE IMMIGRATION LAWS NOW!
Hillary Clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. Let us all see what happens!
The Chinese want to steal our jobs and technology--that includes so called green energy which they make but (cont) 
When I jokingly said "bring back Steve Jobs to run Apple" because Apple has not been doing well the haters &amp; losers had a field day!  Sad.
Can you imagine if Obama had to give today's press conference before the election? He would have lost.  @GOP really blew it.
We should have taken the oil in Iraq and now our mortal enemies have got it and with no opposition. Really dumb U.S. pols! I'm so angry!
Crazy Lawrence O’Donnell who has been calling me wrong from even before I announced my run for the Presidency even being previously forced by NBC to apologize which he did while crying for things he said about me &amp; The Apprentice was again forced to apologize this time.....
Democrats are laughingly saying that McCain had a "moment of courage." Tell that to the people of Arizona who were deceived. 116% increase!
Just watched the Great @Rick24Barry Basketball Hall of Famer on the @marklevinshow @FoxNews. A wonderful interview of a very smart and interesting guy by the man Mark Levin who has the number one bestselling book Unfreedom of the Press. Two Winners!
“TRUMP: IMMIGRATION BILL A REPUBLICAN 'DEATH WISH'”  via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1
“The Trumps pay tribute to the late @Joan_Rivers”   via @azcentral
All new @ApprenticeNBC starts right now! 
“Judge Brett Kavanaugh is an Exceptionally Qualified and Deserving Nominee for the Supreme Court” 
When people find out how bad a job Scott Walker has done in WI they won’t be voting for him. Massive deficit bad jobs forecast a mess.
Chicago murder rate is record setting - 4331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. If Mayor can't do it he must ask for Federal help!
Back by popular demand the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice features the return of @bretmichaels.  Our fans will be happy.
If Obama keeps pushing wind turbines our country will go down the tubes economically environmentally &amp; aesthetically.
Via @fitsnews: “Donald Trump: John McCain Is ‘A Loser’” 
“Success depends...on how effectively you learn to manage the game's two ultimate adversaries: the course and yourself.” - @jacknicklaus
.@JoseCanseco who I got to know very well during #CelebApprentice can't carry @SHAQ's jock.
Looks like Crazy Bernie is doing well in the Great State of Nevada. Biden &amp; the rest look weak &amp; no way Mini Mike can restart his campaign after the worst debate performance in the history of Presidential Debates. Congratulations Bernie &amp; don’t let them take it away from you!
When will CNN do a segment on Hillary’s plan to increase Syrian refugees 550% and how much it will cost?
Good marks and reviews on the letter I sent to Pelosi today. She is the worst! No wonder with people like her and Cryin’ Chuck Schumer D.C. has been such a mess for so long - and that includes the previous administration who (and now we know for sure) SPIED on my campaign.
Happy Birthday @SenatorDole! 
Will be interviewed on @seanhannity at 9:10 P.M. @FoxNews
Today here in Iowa we honor America’s cherished farming heritage. We salute your commitment to American Energy Independence — and we celebrate the bright future we are forging together powered by clean affordable AMERICAN ETHANOL! 
Many of the great jobs that the people of our country want are long gone shipped to other countries. We now are part time sad! I WILL FIX!
“Not only have the Democrats not advanced key pieces of legislation that would help the economy but the polls especially in early states are showing that voters are tuning out.” @PeteHegseth They don’t want our greatest of all presidents impeached!
All false reporting (guessing) on my intentions with respect to North Korea. Kim Jong Un and I will try very hard to work something out on Denuclearization &amp; then making North Korea an Economic Powerhouse. I believe that China Russia Japan &amp; South Korea will be very helpful!
.@TrumpDoral offers multiple award winning dining options in our all-new signature restaurant and lounges 
Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight for the full hour. Hope you enjoy it and more importantly hope you agree!
REPUBLICANS of Louisiana it is really important for you to go out and vote on October 12th for either Eddie Rispone or Ralph Abraham (both Great) which will lead to a runoff against....
That is because they cover your favorite President relatively well. @CNN &amp; MSDNC are dying in the ratings! 
Congratulations to Scott on a GREAT WIN! 
Great deal we swap 5 killer terrorists for a U.S. military deserter. That’s how the U.S. negotiates nowadays.
Biggest Tax Bill and Tax Cuts in history just passed in the Senate. Now these great Republicans will be going for final passage. Thank you to House and Senate Republicans for your hard work and commitment!
With fellow inductees in front of the sold out crowd at MSG. #WWEHOF 
The U.S. is spending fortunes at airports checking people coming in from West Africa with uncertain results. STOP THE FLIGHTS YOU DUMB B's!
Try to develop a tempo when you're working--momentum is something you have to work at to maintain &amp; is an important element of success.
Today we gathered in the East Room to pay tribute to the HEROES whose courageous actions under fire saved so many lives in Alexandria VA. 
To EVERYONE including all haters and losers HAPPY NEW YEAR. Work hard be smart and always remember  WINNING TAKES CARE OF EVERYTHING!
According to polling few people seem to care about the Russian Collusion Hoax but some Democrats are fighting hard to keep the Witch Hunt alive. They should focus on legislation or even better an investigation of how the ridiculous Collusion Delusion got started - so illegal!
“Today at the request and recommendation of the Attorney General of the United States President Donald J. Trump directed the intelligence community to quickly and fully cooperate with the Attorney General’s investigation into surveillance activities....
I was on a tele-townhall with @TeamBachmann and hosted her 4 times in Trump Tower yet she declined the Newsmax-@iontv debate. No loyalty.
What does.Obama know about the VA or business - nothing just look at the five billion dollar ObamaCare website. We need a real leader!
I am very happy to have the civilian version of "The Apprentice" back on the air this fall. There will be excitement as well as opportunity.
.@HowieCarrShow just wrote a book which everyone is talking about. He was a great help. He is a veteran journalist who had a great influence in NH and beyond. He calls it the most amazing political campaign of modern times. The book is called “What Really Happened.” Enjoy! #MAGA 
Big week coming up!
I watched lightweight Senator  Marco Rubio who is all talk and no action defend his WEAK position on illegal immigration. Pathetic!
The inner workings of the Mueller investigation are a total mess. They have found no collusion and have gone absolutely nuts. They are screaming and shouting at people horribly threatening them to come up with the answers they want. They are a disgrace to our Nation and don’t...
Were @FoxNews weekend anchors @ArthelNeville and @LelandVittert trained by CNN prior to their ratings collapse? In any event that’s where they should be working along with their lowest rated anchor Shepard Smith!
Six hours left to #VoteTrump Connecticut! 
#CelebApprentice contestants @DeeSnider and @DebbieGibson joined me for interviews today- 
Mexico is paying (indirectly) for the Wall through the new USMCA the replacement for NAFTA! Far more money coming to the U.S. Because of the tremendous dangers at the Border including large scale criminal and drug inflow the United States Military will build the Wall!
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing you're right. -- Henry Ford
Thank you for your incredible support Wisconsin and Governor @ScottWalker! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA!… 
Many lawyers and top law firms want to represent me in the Russia case...don’t believe the Fake News narrative that it is hard to find a lawyer who wants to take this on. Fame &amp; fortune will NEVER be turned down by a lawyer though some are conflicted. Problem is that a new......
A beautiful view from my office today- 
In debate @MittRomney should ask Obama why autobiography states "born in Kenya raised in Indonesia."
Brian Kemp is running for Governor of the great state of Georgia. The Primary is on Tuesday. Brian is tough on crime strong on the border and illegal immigration. He loves our Military and our Vets and protects our Second Amendment. I give him my full and total endorsement.
.@RudyGiuliani one of the finest people I know and a former GREAT Mayor of N.Y.C. just took himself out of consideration for "State".
Via @trdmiami: “@TrumpDoral project will boast 800 hotel rooms”  $250M renovation on 800 acres in sunny Miami.
I told you that the Giants starting Hudson was a mistake. Just got knocked out of the game. I love being right!
Via @MoscowTimes: "Donald Trump in New @eminofficial Video"   Emin &amp; family are wonderful people.
Shocking--over 92% of France--who just elected a socialist for its new PM--want @BarackObama re-elected 
Crooked Hillary said loudly and for the world to see that she "SHORT CIRCUITED" when answering a question on her e-mails. Very dangerous!
Pfizer &amp; others should be ashamed that they have raised drug prices for no reason. They are merely taking advantage of the poor &amp; others unable to defend themselves while at the same time giving bargain basement prices to other countries in Europe &amp; elsewhere. We will respond!
Stuart Stevens the failed campaign manager of Mitt Romney's historic loss is now telling the Republican Party what to do with Trump. Sad!
Crazy - Election officials saying that there is nothing stopping illegal immigrants from voting. This is very bad (unfair) for Republicans!
Such a total miscarriage of Justice in San Francisco! 
Two long running Obama era investigations of  two very popular Republican Congressmen were brought to a well publicized charge just ahead of the Mid-Terms by the Jeff Sessions Justice Department. Two easy wins now in doubt because there is not enough time. Good job Jeff......
No matter the mission the brave men &amp; women of our @USCG proudly answer the call to serve 24/7/365. THANK YOU and HAPPY BIRTHDAY! #CG227🇺🇸 
#CrookedHillary has FAILED all over the world! 􏰀 #BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016 
Happy #NationalFarmersDay!📸 
Best ratings for the Dateline show were for six months not two months!
Thank you for all of your support South Carolina! #Trump2016 
The MOVEMENT in Lakeland Florida. Voter registration extended to 10/18. REGISTER ASAP @  &amp;… 
People are fleeing New York like never before. If they own a business they are twice as likely to flee. And if they are a victim of harassment by the A.G. of the state like what they are doing to our great NRA which I think will move quickly to Texas where they are loved.....
House Republicans could easily pass a Bill on Strong Border Security but remember it still has to pass in the Senate and for that we need 10 Democrat votes and all they do is RESIST. They want Open Borders and don’t care about Crime! Need more Republicans to WIN in November!
....Since there was no Collusion why was there an Investigation in the first place! Answer - Dirty Cops Dems and Crooked Hillary!
The Islamists have won. Just as I predicted the Muslim Brotherhood has taken over Egypt. @BarackObama never should have abandoned Mubarek.
I am so proud of our great Country. God bless America!
Will be leaving for Missouri soon for a speech on tax cuts and tax reform - so badly needed!
Read the Transcript!
Thank you Michigan! #Trump2016 
Republicans must be careful in that the Dems own the failed ObamaCare disaster with its poor coverage and massive premium increases......
“The whole Russia thing was a Hoax and the Ukraine thing is a Hoax and the Democrats are a Joke. This is a disaster for them!” @DevinNunes @FoxNews The Do Nothing Democrats are hurting our Country and they don’t care!
You mean the Stock Market hit an all-time record high today and they’re actually talking impeachment!? Will I ever be given credit for anything by the Fake News Media or Radical Liberal Dems? NO COLLUSION!
Had a very good and interesting meeting at the White House with A.G. Sulzberger Publisher of the New York Times. Spent much time talking about the vast amounts of Fake News being put out by the media &amp; how that Fake News has morphed into phrase “Enemy of the People.” Sad!
Will be joining @GovMikeHuckabee tonight at 8pmE on @TBN. Enjoy! 
Thank you! An honor to be the first candidate ever endorsed by the @NRA- prior to @GOPconvention! #Trump2016 #2A  
THANK YOU NEW YORK! #Trump2016 
When we're talking about math that doesn't add up how about $5 trillion of deficits over the last four years. --@MittRomney
Obama is not a leader he's just a campaigner!
I will be interviewed by @seanhannity on @FoxNews at 9:10 P.M.
USA! USA! USA!
Remember that I predicted a long time ago that President Obama will attack Iran because of his inability to negotiate properly-not skilled!
Just had a long and very good conversation with President Xi Jinping of China. We talked about many subjects with a heavy emphasis on Trade. Those discussions are moving along nicely with meetings being scheduled at the G-20 in Argentina. Also had good discussion on North Korea!
.@StephenBaldwin7 shines in the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice.  The Baldwin clan will be proud of Stephen.
Great meeting with @KimKardashian today talked about prison reform and sentencing. 
Interview with @LouDobbs coming up at 7pmE on @FoxBusiness. Enjoy! 
Thank you Sean McGarvey &amp; the entire Governing Board of Presidents for honoring me w/an invite to speak. #NABTU2017… 
If you have passion confidence resilience &amp; vision you could become an entrepreneur. Add focus to the list &amp; you're off to a good start
Even though I have the legal right to use Steven Tyler’s song he asked me not to. Have better one to take its place!
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party a record. 53% Approval Rating overall (can we add 7 to 10 percent because of the Trump “thing?”). Thank you!
Melania and I saw American Idiot on Broadway last night and it was great. An amazing  theatrical experience!
....Dumb and Sick. A really bad show with low ratings - and will only get worse. CNN has been a proven and long term ratings and beyond disaster. In fact it rewarded Chris Cuomo with a now unsuccessful prime time slot despite his massive failure in the morning. Only on CNN!
....and one of the most highly respected lawyers and legal minds in the Country he will be a great addition to our team. I look forward to having him join our very successful Administration!
.@mcuban Baseball commissioner and owners were smart when they didn’t want you to buy a team--- but I don’t think you have the money anyway.
The Trump Administration has achieved more in the first 2 1/2 years of its existence than perhaps any administration in the history of our Country. We get ZERO media credit for what we have done and are doing but the people know and that’s all that is important!
Putin is having such a good time. Our President is making him look like the genius of all geniuses. Do not fearwe are a NATION OF POTENTIAL
Wow did you see how badly @CNN (Clinton News Network) is doing in the ratings. With people like @donlemon who could expect any more?
Rep.Tom Marino has informed me that he is withdrawing his name from consideration as drug czar. Tom is a fine man and a great Congressman!
So interesting to see Nancy Pelosi demanding fairness from @senatemajldr McConnell when she presided over the most unfair hearing in the history of the United States Congress!
The fact that James Comey was not prosecuted for the absolutely horrible things he did just shows how fair and reasonable Attorney General Bill Barr is. So many people and experts that I have watched and read would have taken an entirely different course. Comey got Lucky!
Thank you Great Faith Ministries International Bishop Wayne T. Jackson and Detroit!
Statement Regarding Recent Executive Order Concerning Extreme Vetting: 
Jeb Bush has zero communication skills so he spent a fortune of special interest money on a Super Bowl ad. He is a weak candidate!
Word is that Ford Motor because of my constant badgering at packed events is going to cancel their deal to go to Mexico and stay in U.S.
Rex Tillerson a man who is “dumb as a rock” and totally ill prepared and ill equipped to be Secretary of State made up a story (he got fired) that I was out-prepared by Vladimir Putin at a meeting in Hamburg Germany. I don’t think Putin would agree. Look how the U.S. is doing!
With @stuartpstevens expected to represent @GovChristie in the Presidential race Chris will have a very hard time winning.
Hopefully the Republican Party can come together and have a big WIN in November paving the way for many great Supreme Court Justices!
....ever. Had to rebuild our military which was totally depleted. Fed Rate UP taxes and regulations WAY DOWN. If Dems won in 2016 the USA would be in big economic (Depression?) &amp; military trouble right now. THE BEST IS YET TO COME. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Join me tomorrow night in Manchester New Hampshire at 7:00 P.M. Eastern! #KAG2020 
Spoke to President Maithripala Sirisena of Sri Lanka yesterday to inform him that the United States stands by him and his country in the fight against terrorism. Also expressed condolences on behalf of myself and the People of the United States.
The ultimate vacation destination @TrumpPanama’s sleek design evokes a majestic sail fully deployed in the wind 
....on ruining Scotland’s beauty with ugly &amp; costly wind turbines?
Social media has changed the news &amp; communication landscape for good. Everything must be up to date by the second instead of the hour or day
.@HillaryClinton's 2008 Campaign And Supporters Trafficked In Rumors About Obama's Heritage #DebateNight 
I am the best builder but if that were my building with the crane mishap I would have been lambasted from coast to coast.
When it comes to the future of America’s energy needs we will FIND IT we will DREAM IT and we will BUILD IT.… 
.@bretmichaels and George Ross are back as advisors. Good to see them! #CelebApprentice
Just leaving Virginia - really big crowd great enthusiasm!
The Phony Witch Hunt continues but Mueller and his gang of Angry Dems are only looking at one side not the other. Wait until it comes out how horribly &amp; viciously they are treating people ruining lives for them refusing to lie. Mueller is a conflicted prosecutor gone rogue....
Today Americans everywhere remember the brave men and women of @NASA who lost their lives in our Nation’s eternal quest to expand the boundaries of human potential.  
Our great country has been divided for decades. Sometimes you need protest in order to heal &amp; we will heal &amp; be stronger than ever before!
Obama’s 2014 budget “eyes $1 trillion hike in tax revenue”  He loves taxes. T-E-A. Taxed Enough Already.
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn’t get the call?
Thank you to our wonderful team @USUN and their families. Keep up the GREAT work! #USA🇺🇸 
JOBS JOBS JOBS! #MAGA🇺🇸 
Highly respected Senator Richard Burr head of Senate Intelligence said after interviewing over 200 witnesses and studying over 2 million pages of documents “WE HAVE FOUND NO COLLUSION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA.” The Witch Hunt so bad for our Country must end!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is now using the woman’s card like her friend crooked Hillary. See her dumb tweet “when a woman stands up to you…”
Bernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BAD judgement!
Via @Mediaite by @evanmcmurry: “Trump Calls @AGSchneiderman a Cokehead”  Schneiderman is by his own admission!
Make sure to have fun and celebrate NYE with friends and family. Happy New Year everyone!
Looking forward to being hosted by @saintanselm for Politics &amp; Eggs next Tuesday. See you in Manchester! #NHPolitics
Many people have asked how we are doing in our negotiations with North Korea - I always reply by saying we are in no hurry there is wonderful potential for great economic success for that country....
Actually I was very nice to Jimmy Carter during my standing room only (&amp; standing ovation) speech for CPAC - stated better Pres. than Obama!
Paul Manafort worked for Ronald Reagan Bob Dole and many other highly prominent and respected political leaders. He worked for me for a very short time. Why didn’t government tell me that he was under investigation. These old charges have nothing to do with Collusion - a Hoax!
.@IvankaTrump and I are looking forward to visiting Vancouver next week.  Big announcement…
“I can die happy now with Trump Job performance” stated Mary Matalin. “A great overall President stunning!” Thank you Mary.
My great honor to join our incredible men and women of the @USCG at the Lake Worth Inlet Station in Riviera Beach Florida today!#HappyThanksgiving 
Congrats to the House for passing the VA MISSION Act yesterday. Without this funding our veterans will be forced to stand in never ending lines in order to receive care. Putting politics over our veterans care is UNACCEPTABLE – Senate must vote yes on this bill by Memorial Day!
....and all of the others who have leaked lied and did so many other terrible things? How is it even possible that these people are not being brought forward? Because it is a Rigged Democrat Con Game and the Fake and Corrupt Media loves every minute of it!
.@TraceAdkins is back—good news for Plan B. #CelebApprentice
Great meeting on Trade today with @JunckerEU and representatives of the European Union. We have come to a very strong understanding and are all believers in no tariffs no barriers and no subsidies. Work on documents has already started and the process is moving...
Russia should hand over Snowden to the U.S. but they are having too much fun taunting our leaders.
....any laws or did anything wrong and they have to move away from quid pro quo because there was no quid and there was no quo. Ukraine got it’s money (3 weeks early) and there was no investigation.” @CharlesHurt @foxandfriends
Do you believe that the Fake News Media is pushing hard on a story that I am going to replace A.G. Jeff Sessions with EPA Chief Scott Pruitt who is doing a great job but is TOTALLY under siege? Do people really believe this stuff? So much of the media is dishonest and corrupt!
State Department official accused of offering 'quid pro quo' in Clinton email scandal 
Set your sights and aim high. You never know what you can achieve until you focus on achieving it. - Midas Touch
....of the most successful presidencies in history. Just in the last few days incredible jobs numbers giant trade deals help for working families and much more. Over the last 3 years unemployment falling earnings rising criminal justice reform the heartland revived....
Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunites and possibilities &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
E-mails show that the AmazonWashingtonPost and the FailingNewYorkTimes were reluctant to cover the Clinton/Lynch secret meeting in plane.
I am pleased to announce that our highly respected Ambassador to Germany @RichardGrenell will become the Acting Director of National Intelligence. Rick has represented our Country exceedingly well and I look forward to working with him. I would like to thank Joe Maguire....
The water damage to NYC is amazing. The winds were bad but the water was worse.
Russia has more warheads than ever N Korea is testing nukes and Iran got a sweetheart deal to keep theirs. Thanks @HillaryClinton.
Must read editorial co-written by @weeklystandard editor William Kristol &amp; @NRO editor @RichLowry ‘Kill the Bill’ 
A working dinner tonight with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and his representatives at the Winter White House (Mar-a-Lago). Very good talks!
I NEVER told John Bolton that the aid to Ukraine was tied to investigations into Democrats including the Bidens. In fact he never complained about this at the time of his very public termination. If John Bolton said this it was only to sell a book. With that being said the...
As I predicted Obama already caught lying on Ocare enrollment # by CBO who’s sticking w/ “6 million enrollments” 
Before you are a leader success is all about growing yourself. When you become a leader success is all about growing others. -Jack Welch
On my way! 
I still love Derek he is a winner!
Tom Brady is a good friend of mine a great player a great guy and a total winner! Fantastic comeback win-this is what our country needs!
Jeff Sessions is an honest man. He did not say anything wrong. He could have stated his response more accurately but it was clearly not....
.@MittRomney  can only speak negatively about my presidential chances because I have been openly hard on his terrible "choke" loss to Obama!
Every time I speak of the haters and losers I do so with great love and affection. They cannot help the fact that they were born fucked up!
CUT CAP AND BALANCE. TAXED ENOUGH ALREADY!
If Iran wants to fight that will be the official end of Iran. Never threaten the United States again!
#TheView Lots of fun on @TheViewTV with @JennyMcCarthy and @SherriEShepherd-
At the debate the President kept talking of what he is going to do. I kept saying why didn't he do it?  He lost me a long time ago.
Congratulations to Kelly Knight Craft of #Kentucky on her confirmation as United Nations Ambassador. After having served so admirably as Ambassador to Canada &amp; having done an outstanding job no matter how difficult the task Kelly will be fantastic at the United Nations. Winner!
I never like being misinterpreted but especially when it comes to Otto Warmbier and his great family. Remember I got Otto out along with three others. The previous Administration did nothing and he was taken on their watch. Of course I hold North Korea responsible....
Liddle’ Adam Schiff who has worked unsuccessfully for 3 years to hurt the Republican Party and President has just said that the Whistleblower even though he or she only had second hand information “is credible.” How can that be with zero info and a known bias. Democrat Scam!
.@PeteHegseth on @FoxNews  “Source #1 was the (Fake) Dossier. Yes the Dirty Dossier paid for by Democrats as a hit piece against Trump and looking for information that could discredit Candidate #1 Trump. Carter Page was just the foot to surveil the Trump campaign...” ILLEGAL!
The dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the Great Wall (for sake of speed) will be paid back by Mexico later!
James Comey Memos just out and show clearly that there was NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION. Also he leaked classified information. WOW! Will the Witch Hunt continue?
Mitt's proposed tax cuts for the middle class will spur record economic growth.
Tom Ridge should be focused on trying to bring the party together rather than ripping it apart w/ your faulty thought process. I will win!
Charles Koch of Koch Brothers who claims to be giving away millions of dollars to politicians even though I know very few who have seen this (?) now makes the ridiculous statement that what President Trump is doing is unfair to “foreign workers.” He is correct AMERICA FIRST!
When you are in a war or even a battle losing is not an option!
Someone just asked me who is my favorite Donald Trump impersonator? 
I will be interviewed by @TuckerCarlson tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Just landed in New York - a one night stay in Scotland. Turnberry came out magnificently. My son Eric did a great job - under budget!
A signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA makes a great gift. Order &amp; join my live streaming book signing event on 12/3   
One season ends and another starts.  Already casting for the next @ApprenticeNBC. Great news for charity--$13 million so far.
I would be willing to “shut down” government if the Democrats do not give us the votes for Border Security which includes the Wall! Must get rid of Lottery Catch &amp; Release etc. and finally go to system of Immigration based on MERIT! We need great people coming into our Country!
The Federal government spent over $3.7 trillion last year. This is unsustainable and a true danger. The American dream is being destroyed.
No wonder the Today Show on biased @NBC is doing so badly compared to its glorious past. Little credibility!
“Donald Trump: ‘Karl Rove Is A Total Loser’ So Why Are People Still Giving Him Money?”   via @Mediaite
Via @TIME by @lullintheaction: "#REALTIME: Donald Trump Weighs a 2016 Run At #CPAC2015" 
Obama spoke to the Mexican president last week &amp; did not mention UMC Sgt. Tahmooressi. Sad!
Jobless claims at a 49 year low!
The Corrupt Media refuses to cover this! 
“Think of yourself as a one-man army.  You’re not only the commander in chief you’re the soldier as well.” – Think Like a Billionaire
Based on the fact that the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate has been terminated as part of our Tax Cut Bill which essentially Repeals (over time) ObamaCare the Democrats &amp; Republicans will eventually come together and develop a great new HealthCare plan!
Allegations made by Senator Jon Tester against Admiral/Doctor Ron Jackson are proving false. The Secret Service is unable to confirm (in fact they deny) any of the phony Democrat charges which have absolutely devastated the wonderful Jackson family. Tester should resign. The.....
.@heytana great job - we are all proud of you!
The Shutdown is only because of the 2020 Presidential Election. The Democrats know they can’t win based on all of the achievements of “Trump” so they are going all out on the desperately needed Wall and Border Security - and Presidential Harassment. For them strictly politics!
Watch the game-really good.
Farm Bill just passed in the House. So happy to see work requirements included. Big win for the farmers!
“Adam Schiff’s connection to the Whistleblower is coming to light.” @FoxNews  These facts and others make it impossible for the ridiculous impeachment “scam” to go forward! Schiff has also committed a crime perhaps treason in making up a horrible statement and reading....
Just spoke with Jacinda Ardern the Prime Minister of New Zealand regarding the horrific events that have taken place over the past 24 hours. I informed the Prime Minister....
Shifty Adam Schiff wants to rest his entire case on a Whistleblower who he now says can’t testify &amp; the reason he can’t testify is that he is afraid to do so because his account of the Presidential telephone call is a fraud &amp; totally different from the actual transcribed call...
Today I am here to offer a renewed partnership with America -- to work together to strengthen the bonds of friendship and commerce between all of the nations of the Indo-Pacific and together to promote our prosperity and security. #APEC2017 
'Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails With Her Email Server Technician'
Constitutional law expert  #Laurence Tribe of Harvard says "wrong to say it (natural born citizen) is a settled matter-it isn't settled).
Thank you Gavin. Team is doing a great job! 
Congressman Andy Barr of Kentucky who just had a great debate with his Nancy Pelosi run opponent has been a winner for his State. Strong on Crime the Border Tax Cuts Military Vets and 2nd Amendment we need Andy in D.C. He has my Strong Endorsement!
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
I agreed to take the worst spot at CPAC because nobody else wanted it and it was the only time I could be there - it was great fun!
Check out the last webisode www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta in our 3 part series featuring me with Serta. Which one was your favorite?
Our Country is doing GREAT. Best financial numbers on the Planet. Great to have USA WINNING AGAIN!
....I would also like to thank “Papa” Doug Manchester hopefully the next Ambassador to the Bahamas for the incredible amount of time money and passion he has spent on helping to bring safety to the Bahamas. Much work to be done by the Bahamian Government. We will help! @OANN
Another new post-debate poll. THANK YOU! #VoteTrump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
The building of the Wall on the Southern Border will bring down the crime rate throughout the entire Country!
I will be in Gulfport and Tupelo Mississippi on Monday night doing two Rallies for Senator Hyde-Smith who has a very important Election on Tuesday. She is an outstanding person who is strong on the Border Crime Military our great Vets Healthcare &amp; the 2nd A. Needed in D.C.
Congratulations to @drewbrees on setting the @NFL record with 48 consecutive games with a TD pass. He is a great guy and player.
Bad move-@BarackObama released $147M in aid to the Palestinians  That money is going to Hamas.
Did my weekly phoner on Fox & Friends this morning...sounding off on issues of the day ...      
I will be on @SeanHannity tonight at 10pmE talking about my new book #CrippledAmerica and much more! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Happy Birthday @TheLeeGreenwood!#FlashbackFriday 
Can you believe that President Obama still hasn't stopped the flights and people pouring into the U.S. from West Africa. TERRIBLE PRESIDENT!
.....The Whistleblower’s lawyer is a big Democrat. The Whistleblower has ties to one of my DEMOCRAT OPPONENTS. Why does the ICIG allow this scam to continue?
Via @JTAnews and Jason Greenblatt  "Donald Trump is a Visionary With Talents Our Country Needs" @JasonDovEsq   
Iron Mike Tyson was not asked to speak at the Convention though I'm sure he would do a good job if he was. The media makes everything up!
Wow word seems to be coming out that the Obama FBI “SPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN IMBEDDED INFORMANT.” Andrew McCarthy says “There’s probably no doubt that they had at least one confidential informant in the campaign.” If so this is bigger than Watergate!
With the world’s top amenities @TrumpTO’s luxury residential condominiums provide the ultimate Toronto lifestyle 
President Reagan had it right: Social Security is here to stay. We must root out the fraud and make it more (cont)  16:10:13,89,12,false,157132212192542720Twitter Web Client,OPEC has just raised oil to over $102/Barrel. And @BarackObama still won't approve the Keystone Pipeline. Does he want high gas prices?,01-10-2012 21:10:20,268,13,false,156845350689325056Twitter Web Client,Why are we building a $1Billion embassy in Iraq when the country kicked us out didn't give us any oil & is about to get taken over by Iran?,01-10-2012 21:01:38,604,45,false,156843162869051392Twitter Web Client,3 Chief of Staffs in less than 3 years of being President: Part of the reason why @BarackObama can't manage to pass his agenda.,01-10-2012 20:07:42,154,14,false,156829591267328000Twitter Web Client,New Hampshire has a major decision to make today. Hopefully we won't have to hear any more Mandarin spoken in future debates.,01-10-2012 19:49:14,108,23,false,156824942573404160Twitter Web Client,This is why @TimTebow is a winner. He lays everything out on the field. He never quits and never gives up. That's why he is a success.,01-10-2012 19:35:08,656,67,false,156821392720011264TwitLonger Beta,The damage that Democrats weak Repubicans and this disaster of a president have inflicted on America has put (cont) 

When will Bill Nelson concede in Florida? The characters running Broward and Palm Beach voting will not be able to “find” enough votes too much spotlight on them now!
100% fabricated and made-up charges pushed strongly by the media and the Clinton Campaign may poison the minds of the American Voter. FIX!
Trump: 'Terrible traitor' Snowden embarrassing US   via @thehill by @JTSTheHill
So a woman in Chicago who never had a job has 9 kids with 7 different men (she is one of many). These kids will never work. Trouble!
I am at the Saturday Night Live Studio - electricity all over the place. We will be doing a "tweeting" skit so stay tuned!
Happy New Year to all my Jewish friends celebrating the holiday.
Thank you Governor @Mike_Pence!Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN with the American people. #AmericaFirst… 
These big flows of people are all trying to take advantage of DACA. They want in on the act!
DACA recipients with arrest records: 53792! That is a very large proportion of the total. @LouDobbs  Not good but we will be able to make a deal with the Dems!
“In N.H. Trump says his business experience would play well in government”  via @ConMonitorNews by @AP
THANK YOU TENNESSEE! #KAG2020 
Credible Source on 9-11 Muslim Celebrations:  via @WKRG
Today in history WrestleMania 23: I shave @VinceMcMahon's hair--highest rated show in WWE history  @WrestleFact  
I still don't get how @KarlRove spent $400 million &amp; lost all.
President Obama is the best thing that ever happened to Jimmy Carter!
The United States hasn’t had a Trade Surplus with China in 40 years. They must end unfair trade take down barriers and charge only Reciprocal Tariffs. The U.S. is losing $500 Billion a year and has been losing Billions of Dollars for decades. Cannot continue!
Via @AP by @kronayne &amp; @colvinj: "Disavowed by GOP leaders Trump has supporters cheering"
The Yankees are sure lucky George Steinbrenner is not around. A lot of people would be losing their jobs.
Happy 241st birthday to the U.S. Marine Corps! Thank you for your service!! 
The liberal media is focusing on @MittRomney's bank records. How about reviewing @BarackObama's illegal land deal contracts with Tony Rezko?
I’m a conservative but the weakness of conservatives is that they destroy each other whereas liberals unite to win.
Everybody including me thought that when the 40 Million Dollar Mueller Report was released with No Collusion and No Obstruction (of a crime caused by others) that was the end. But no the Democrats want to keep it going in an effort to help them in 2020. Bad for the Country!
Today it was my great honor to sign the #FirstStepAct - a monumental bi-partisan win for the American people! 
Consumer confidence hits an 18 year high close to breaking the all-time record. A big jump from last 8 years. People are excited about the USA again! We are getting Bigger and Richer and Stronger. WAY MORE TO GO!
China's leadership is sneaky and underhanded they significantly underreport their actual defense budget and (cont)  14:43:59,56,5,false,197697954184830976TwitLonger Beta,Here's the deal: when your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode America's military (cont) 
Former Democrat Senator Harry Reid just stated that Donald Trump is very smart much more popular than people think is underestimated and will be hard to beat in the 2020 Election. Thank you Harry I agree!
“Give me a smart idiot over a stupid genius any day.” - Samuel Goldwyn
Sorry to hear @msnbc was dead last in the gutter in their Boston bombing coverage  @hardball_chris @Lawrence

Less than 1% of Obama’s $4B immigration request will go towards immediate border security. A real scam. Enforce our laws now!
My interview yesterday with @foxandfriends discussing the failure of the Super Committee and GOP 2012.... 
Wow @CNN got caught fixing their "focus group" in order to make Crooked Hillary look better. Really pathetic and totally dishonest!
Obama loves wasting our money. He just made another guarantee of $197M to a solar company   Cronyism!
When it comes to China @BarackObama practices "pretty please" diplomacy. He begs and pleads and bows--and it'… (cont) 
It was a very bad week for the Democrats with the GREAT economic numbers The Virginia disaster and the State of the Union address. Now with the terrible offers being made by them to the Border Committee I actually believe they want a Shutdown. They want a new subject!
“America Created 196000 Jobs in March Beating Expectations for 170000” 
....and has been horrible on Virginia economy. Vote @EdWGillespie today!
The number of unemployed Americans has increased over 60% during Obama's term. The economy can't survive another 4 years.
Tune in to The Marriage Ref onThursday night at 10 p.m. on NBC--I'm on the panel of experts along with Gloria Estefan & Adam Carolla.
Many people say they know me claiming to be “best friends” and really close etc. when I don’t know these people at all. This happens I suppose to all who become President. With that being stated I don’t know to the best of my knowledge a man named Michael Esposito.....
President Obama spoke for me and every American in his remarks in #Newtown Connecticut.
I will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 11pm. Enjoy!
THANK YOU VERMONT! #KAG2020 
To the people of Kentucky Rand Paul didn't want you. Now he runs back due to his presidential failure. #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
It has been great to meet so many wonderful people in my #TimeToGetTough book signings. Anyone who wants to be Prez should read!
I just left the Trump Tower atrium--it is packed with great people. #1 tourist attraction in NYC-- Fun!  #TrumpTower
Kim Jong Un talked about denuclearization with the South Korean Representatives not just a freeze. Also no missile testing by North Korea during this period of time. Great progress being made but sanctions will remain until an agreement is reached. Meeting being planned!
Lightweight choker Marco Rubio looks like a little boy on stage. Not presidential material!
I will bring jobs back and get wages up. People haven't had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. Clinton killed jobs!
News Conference at White House in 10 minutes.
70 stories over Panama Bay @TrumpPanama’s deluxe rooms feature private balconies to enjoy the ocean views 
“Don't bunt. Aim out of the ball park. Aim for the company of immortals.” - David Ogilvy
Today we remember the crew of the Space Shuttle Challenger 31 years later. #NeverForget 
Just read that "Trump" has the largest (and I add most enthusiastic) crowds. Tonight I will be in New Hampshire - the place will be packed!
Referees are destroying the enjoyment of NFL games. Slowing down the fun. Big shots. Jets game is ridiculous!
.@HillaryClinton- you have failed failed and failed. #BigLeagueTruthTime to #DrainTheSwamp! 
...really hard to help but many have lost their homes. Military is now on site and I will be there Tuesday. Wish press would treat fairly!
Just arrived in Cleveland Ohio- join Governor @Mike_Pence and I now LIVE via: 
Despite the Democrats wanting very unsafe Open Borders &amp; refusing to change the Loopholes &amp; Asylum tremendous progress is being made the the Southern Border. We all waited because we assumed the Dems would ultimately be forced to change the horrible Immigration Laws.They didn’t!
Shark Tank is a dead Friday night filler compared to the Apprentice which has been number one show for week in the T. V. ratings!
It's Tuesday. How many more non-stories will the liberal media try to manufacture so everyone ignores Obama's record?
Thank you! 
Very proud of our incredible First Lady (@FLOTUS.) She is a truly great representative for our country! 
To aspiring entrepreneurs:  Be ready for problems. You'll have them every day. So remember to look at the solution--not the problem.
The money losing @politico is considered by many in the world of politics to be the dumbest and most slanted of the political sites. Losers!
Apprentice = big hit. Miss Universe = Big hit. I always get big ratings. If I hosted Meet the Press instead of Sleepy Eyesa smash! @NBCNews
There are no short cuts to any place worth going.-- Beverly Sills
It has been 1000 days since @BarackObama has passed a budget. He continues to spend this country into the ground without any control.
Congrats to R. Emmett Tyrrell Jr of @AmSpec for the fantastic piece on Benghazi. 
To get momentum you must first focus on a specific goal with passion and intensity.
Honored to host a luncheon for African leaders this afternoon. Great discussions on the challenges &amp; opportunities facing our nations today. 
“The Impeachment Hoax has fired up voters in Kentucky Mississippi and Louisiana.” @foxandfriends
THANK YOU to our Police Officers Fire Fighters and EMS who help us defeat the Virus every day. Our proud nation is grateful for the unwavering dedication and sacrifice of our First Responders and their families. TOGETHER we will beat this!
Put pressure on the Democrats to end the horrible law that separates children from there parents once they cross the Border into the U.S. Catch and Release Lottery and Chain must also go with it and we MUST continue building the WALL! DEMOCRATS ARE PROTECTING MS-13 THUGS.
Who says Obama will do better in the next debate- has he gotten smarter in 2 weeks!
Failing  Michigan Governor must work harder and be much more proactive. We are pushing her to get the job done. I stand with Michigan!
Thank you NEGOP! 
My speech from last Saturday’s @Citizens_United @AFPhq #NHFreedomSummit  via @cspan
The majority of Americans agree with @MittRomney's comments on @Israel and Iran.
DON'T LET HER FOOL US AGAIN. 
The prospect of Presidential Harassment by the Dems is causing the Stock Market big headaches!
Remember go vote--we need real change this time.
Senator Dicky Durbin totally misrepresented what was said at the DACA meeting. Deals can’t get made when there is no trust! Durbin blew DACA and is hurting our Military.
Another one of my predictions just came true-- Iraq is a total disaster with government losing all control—so sad.
Today in Florida @FLOTUS and I were honored to welcome and meet with leaders from the Bahamas Dominican Republic Haiti Jamaica and Saint Lucia! 
Entrepreneurs: Keep your focus and keep your momentum. Believe in yourself--if you don't no one else will either.
Via @BW: "Donald Trump Vows to Fight Scottish Wind Farm Plan in Courts" 
Nancy Pelosi knew of all of the many Shifty Adam Schiff lies and massive frauds perpetrated upon Congress and the American people in the form of a fraudulent speech knowingly delivered as a ruthless con and the illegal meetings with a highly partisan “Whistleblower” &amp; lawyer...
Five Most Wanted leaders of ISIS just captured!
Congratulations to @MikeTyson on the success of his new book "Undisputed Truth" &amp; @HBO special--and thanks for the nice words Mike.
If the Republicans ever want to win a presidential election in the next 30 years they must get rid of @KarlRove.  He is useless.
I will be on Greta @gretawire tonight at 10 PM on Fox News.
23% of Federal inmates are illegal immigrants. Border arrests are up 240%. In the Great State of Texas between 2011 &amp; 2018 there were a total of 292000 crimes by illegal aliens 539 murders 32000 assaults 3426 sexual assaults and 3000 weapons charges. Democrats come back!
Wow. @nfl ratings are down big league. Glad I didn't get the Bills. Rather be lucky than good.
“@MissUSA Nia Sanchez of Nevada is ready for @missuniverse”  via @lasvegassun by @Robin_Leach
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman who has been a total failure in office failed to report the 98% approval rating of students for courses
We have got to take our country back. It's time!
Mike &amp; Mike in one minute!

Wow I was just informed that I'm being inducted into the @WWE Hall of Fame-- a great honor -- 4/6/13 at @MSGnyc- 
Sorry to say but @foxandfriends is by far the best of the morning political shows on television. It rightfully has BY FAR the highest  ratings not even close. Morning Psycho (Joe) who helped get me elected in 2016 by having me on (free) all the time has nosedived too Angry...
Thank you Sanford Florida. Get out &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16! #ICYMI- watch this afternoons rally here:… 
I want to thank all of our friends and patriots at the @NRA. We will never fail and we will always protect your Second Amendment! God Bless you and God Bless America! 
Winner of the 5 Star Diamond Award @TrumpGolfDC’s two courses grace over 600 acres on the Potomac River 

Sadly there is no way that Ted Cruz can continue running in the Republican Primary unless he can erase doubt on eligibility. Dems will sue!
“Remarks by President Trump at a Luncheon Hosted by the Secretary-General of the United Nations”  
NORTH CAROLINA VOTE FOR DAN BISHOP TODAY. WE NEED HIM BADLY IN WASHINGTON!
Great! @LouDobbs interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M.  @FoxNews
The appointment of the Special Councel is totally UNCONSTITUTIONAL! Despite that we play the game because I unlike the Democrats have done nothing wrong!
A wonderful article by a writer who truly gets it. I am for the people and the people are for me. #Trump2016 
Thank you to @foxandfriends for the great review of the speech on immigration last night. Thank you also to the great people of Arizona!
Thank you to my good friend Chuck Canterbury for 16 years of service to the Fraternal Order of Police and our great men and women in blue. You are an incredible patriot!
Via @DMRegister by @JoelAschbrenner: "Trump to speak at @LandExpo in West Des Moines" 
Today we honor Billy Graham as only three private citizens before him have been honored. We say a prayer for our country: that all across this land the Lord will raise up men and women like Billy Graham to spread a message of love and hope to every precious child of God. 
Just stated by a total pro: "You are the only one who has the guts to say what we are all thinking."
Beautiful evening in New Mexico with Great American Patriots! 
Stocks and the economy have a long way to go after the Tax Cut Bill is totally understood and appreciated in scope and size. Immediate expensing will have a big impact. Biggest Tax Cuts and Reform EVER passed. Enjoy and create many beautiful JOBS!
So much for Washington shutting down Strasburg- they deserved to lose.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
A spectacular lake front club w/  dramatic course designed by @SharkGregNorman @Trump_Charlotte is NC’s top club 
Via @BBCScotland: “Donald Trump's name 'will boost @TrumpTurnberry '” 
Why are we giving away our entire strategy and tactics we will deploy against ISIS? It puts our troops at a disadvantage.
Entrepreneurs:  Ignorance is not bliss it's fatal. It's costly. Pay attention or get crushed. Watch listen and learn.
Clinton Foundation’s Fundraisers Pressed Donors to Steer Business to Former 
U.S. Markets are up as much as 21% since the announcement of Tariffs on 3/1/2018 - and the U.S. is taking in massive amounts of money (and giving some to our farmers who have been targeted by China)!
SSE slashes offshore wind investment—wants British government to pay for its losses on these monstrosities   
Shock - Obama WH given three pinocchios for lying about Benghazi emails 
Someone unknown tweeted incorrectly that I'm for Sen. Mitch @McConnellPress for speaker. I'm supporting him for Senate Majority Leader
Becoming a US citizen is not a right it’s a privilege.
Thank you Arizona- I love you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Just landed in North Carolina- heading to the J.S. Dorton Arena. See you all soon! Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Rick Scott is known as easily one of the best Governors in the USA. Florida is setting records in almost every category of success. Amazing achievement-the envy of the World. Ron DeSantis will build on this success. His incompetent opponent will destroy Florida - next Venezuela!
So funny to watch Fake News Networks among the most dishonest groups of people I have ever dealt with criticize Sinclair Broadcasting for being biased. Sinclair is far superior to CNN and even more Fake NBC which is a total joke.
.....news is that at the end of 6 years after America has been made GREAT again and I leave the beautiful White House (do you think the people would demand that I stay longer? KEEP AMERICA GREAT) both of these horrible papers will quickly go out of business &amp; be forever gone!
Look at the solution not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again she needs the rest. Sleep well Hillary - see you at the debate!
Can you imagine how embarrassing it would have been for the country if the candidates actually did get into a fist fight?
Greta in a few minutes-will be interesting!
Dems don't want to talk ISIS b/c Hillary's foreign interventions unleashed ISIS &amp; her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here.
If @VattenfallGroup dropped out of the economically unfeasible wind farm development in Aberdeen who is (cont) 
....and separately got 1.5 Billion Dollars from China despite no experience and for no apparent reason. There is NO WAY these can be legitimate transactions? As lawyers &amp; others have stated as President I have an OBLIGATION to look into possible or probable CORRUPTION!
I spent Friday campaigning with John Kennedy of the Great State of Louisiana for the U.S.Senate. The election is over - JOHN WON!
Congratulations @ElonMusk and @SpaceX on the successful #FalconHeavy launch. This achievement along with @NASA’s commercial and international partners continues to show American ingenuity at its best! 
It is incredible that with a very strong dollar and virtually no inflation the outside world blowing up around us Paris is burning and China way down the Fed is even considering yet another interest rate hike. Take the Victory!
The $1B failed website is the tip of the iceberg on the ObamaCare. Over 90 million estimated will lose their plans next year.
Condolences to the family of the young woman killed today and best regards to all of those injured in Charlottesville Virginia. So sad!
Big news - Budget just passed!
Hasn’t Adam Schiff been fully discredited by now? Do we have to continue listening to his lies?
Rep. Adam Schiff fraudulently read to Congress with millions of people watching a version of my conversation with the President of Ukraine that doesn’t exist. He was supposedly reading the exact transcribed version of the call but he completely changed the words to make it...
HILLARY FAILED ALL OVER THE WORLD. #BigLeagueTruth  ❌LIBYA❌SYRIA❌IRAN❌IRAQ❌ASIA PIVOT❌RUSSIAN RESET❌BENGHAZI… 
.@JebBush had a tiny 300 person crowd at Senator Tim Scott's forum. I had thousands and they had real passion! 
The day after @BarackObama blocks a Texas voter photo ID law @JamesOkeefeIII exposes more dead people getting ballots 
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama's birth certificate is a fraud.
NASDAQ has just gone above 8000 for the first time in history!
More and more reporters are using the word TRUMP when referring to winning--just used on Bloomberg News. Gee I wonder why?
We stand firmly strongly and proudly with the incredible men and women of law enforcement. You do not hear it nearly enough but Americans across this Country love you support you and respect you more than you could possibly know! #PeaceOfficersMemorialDay 
Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren other than Mini Mike was the loser of the night. She didn’t even come close to winning her home state of Massachusetts. Well now she can just sit back with her husband and have a nice cold beer!
I wonder how officials @TexasTech feel now after treating Coach Mike Leach with so little respect after their loss to @TCUFootball 82-27?
Just arrived in Florida. Also thinking about our GREAT Alabama farmers and our many friends in North and South Carolina today. We are with you!
I hope the Federal Judges Association will discuss the tremendous FISA Court abuse that has taken place with respect to the Mueller Investigation Scam including the forging of documents and knowingly using the fake and totally discredited Dossier before the Court. Thank you!
The Republicans are 5-0 in recent Congressional races a point which the Fake News Media continuously fails to mention. I backed and campaigned for all of the winners. They give me credit for one. Hopefully Rick Saccone will be another big win on Tuesday.
This is no "act of love" as Jeb Bush said… 
I think it would be a good idea—and fair—to include @GovChristie &amp; @MikeHuckabeeGOP in the debate. Both solid &amp; good guys. @FoxBusiness
My @FoxNews interview from yesterday discussing my recent meetings in Trump Tower and also @GovChristie  
Republicans sorry but I've been hearing about Repeal &amp; Replace for 7 years didn't happen! Even worse the Senate Filibuster Rule will....
Next week ICE will begin the process of removing the millions of illegal aliens who have illicitly found their way into the United States. They will be removed as fast as they come in. Mexico using their strong immigration laws is doing a very good job of stopping people.......
Weekly Address from @WhiteHouse:  
So great to watch this! 
Republicans have a last chance to do the right thing on Repeal &amp; Replace after years of talking &amp; campaigning on it.
Big win today in the House for GOP Tax Cuts and Reform 227-205. Zero Dems they want to raise taxes much higher but not for our military!
.....this (Judge Thomas Ambro Majotity Opinion) and thank God for a President like Donald J. Trump who will appoint judges like this. He will soon have appointed 180 new Federal Judges not even including two great new Supreme Court Justices.” @robertjeffress @LouDobbs
Thank you Arlene! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #DrainTheSwamp 
.@maddow  Standing in front of wind turbines is sad. Rachel windmills are terrible for the environment—
I just realized that if you listen to Carly Fiorina for more than ten minutes straight you develop a massive headache. She has zero chance!
Re Negotiation: Think about what the other side wants. Know where they're coming from. View any conflict as an opportunity. Be flexible.
Thank you Scranton Pennsylvania. It was a great evening! 
House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy is a far superior leader than was Lame Duck Speaker Paul Ryan. Tougher smarter and a far better fundraiser Kevin is already closing in on 44 Million Dollars. Paul’s final year numbers were according to Breitbart “abysmal.” People like.....
Lyin’ Ted Cruz steals foreign policy from me and lines from Michael Douglas— just another dishonest politician.
New Poll: The Rasmussen Poll one of the most accurate in predicting the 2016 Election has just announced that “Trump” numbers have recently gone up by four points to 50%. Thank you to the vicious young Socialist Congresswomen. America will never buy your act!  #MAGA2020
Thank you Joni! 
“They could have charged Comey with theft of government documents 641 of the Criminal Code because the IG found these were not his personal documents these were government documents.” @GreggJarrett  “Comey’s claim that these were just his own personal recollections would not..
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
During the GOP convention CNN cut away from the victims of illegal immigrant violence. They don’t want them heard. 
US tourists threaten to boycott Scotland over windfarms'  Write to Alex Salmond: firstminister@scotland.gsi.gov.uk
The President Changed. So Has Small Businesses' 
Whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- Henry Ford
Must watch for all Georgians @Perduesenate’s new ad “Secure Our Border  Michelle Nunn supports amnesty &amp; ObamaCare
You can watch all the highlights of last night’s record 14th season premiere of @ApprenticeNBC 
Despite the ever increasing Ebola disaster Obama refuses to stop flights from West Africa.It's almost like he's saying F-you to U.S. public
I agree with President Obama 100%! 
Great news from @Ford! They are investing nearly $1 BILLION in Flat Rock Michigan for auto production on top of a $1 BILLION investment last month in a facility outside of Chicago. Companies are pouring back into the United States - they want to be where the action is!
Just out: The Obama Administration knew far in advance of November 8th about election meddling by Russia. Did nothing about it. WHY?
I was thrilled to be back in Colorado Springs tonight beneath the majestic peaks of the Rocky Mountains with thousands of terrific hardworking American Patriots. With your help this November we are going to defeat the Radical Socialist Dems and we are going to WIN Colorado! 
Call it any way you like but Snowden is a traitor. When our country was great do you know what we did to traitors?
Texas is healing fast thanks to all of the great men &amp; women who have been working so hard. But still so much to do. Will be back tomorrow!
Rasmussen just announced that my approval rating jumped to 49% a far better number than I had in winning the Election and higher than certain “sacred cows.” Other Trump polls are way up also. So why does the media refuse to write this? Oh well someday!
Iranian Pastor #Nadarkhani has just been sentenced to death by the Mullahs because he is a Christian (cont) 
“Donald Trump was being framed he fought back. That is not Obstruction.” @JesseBWatters  I had the right to end the whole Witch Hunt if I wanted. I could have fired everyone including Mueller if I wanted. I chose not to. I had the RIGHT to use Executive Privilege. I didn’t!
Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't no one else will either.
Thanks to everyone for your support on @CNBC’s “Top Leaders Icons and Rebels”   Thanks for voting Trump!
I am a Republican...but the Republicans may be the worst negotiators in history!
I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought but I have not gotten involved in the.....
Thank you Tennessee! #MAGA 
Really dumb @CheriJacobus. Begged my people for a job. Turned her down twice and she went hostile. Major loser zero credibility!
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.  -- Mark Twain
When someone attacks me I always attack back...except 100x more. This has nothing to do with a tirade but rather a way of life!
Packed with holiday celebrations members &amp; staff are enjoying the first Christmas season at @Trump_Charlotte 
Disgraced FBI Acting Director Andrew McCabe pretends to be a “poor little Angel” when in fact he was a big part of the Crooked Hillary Scandal &amp; the Russia Hoax - a puppet for Leakin’ James Comey. I.G. report on McCabe was devastating. Part of “insurance policy” in case I won....
His @BarackObama's specialties? Vacations and campaigning. Jobs not so much!
People buy deals &amp; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals..
China is targeting our farmers who they know I love &amp; respect as a way of getting me to continue allowing them to take advantage of the U.S. They are being vicious in what will be their failed attempt. We were being nice - until now! China made $517 Billion on us last year.
ISIS is on the run &amp; will soon be wiped out of Syria &amp; Iraq illegal border crossings are way down (75%) &amp; MS 13 gangs are being removed.
.@DanaPerino wrote a wonderful book “And the Good News is.."  Dana has a fabulous perspective on life &amp; politics—go get it!
The military threat from China is gigantic--and it's no surprise that the Communist Chinese government lies (cont)  20:32:09,36,9,false,177129464529043456TwitLonger Beta,While China screws us with every turn of its currency is the biggest commercial espionage threat we face (cont) 
If the Wall Street protesters are upset about the economy then they should really be protesting @BarackObama at the White House.
The premiere of "Donald J. Trump's Fabulous World of Golf" is tomorrow night at 9 p.m.ET on Golf Channel. Tune in for a great adventure!
Congratulations to Bob Kraft and Coach Bill Belichick for having built an amazing team. @Patriots
Why would anyone think Obama would attack Syria the day of his speech in Washington. He doesn't want to detract from his press &amp; glory.
Congratulations @NavyFB! 
Donald Trump Explains Why He Called Django Unchained 'Racist' In Tweet  via @accesshollywood
Thank you @loudobbsnews I will be trying very hard to prove you right - great show!
Heading to U.S. Bank Arena in Cincinnati Ohio for a 7pm rally. Join me! Tickets: 
Congress must end chain migration so that we can have a system that is SECURITY BASED! We need to make AMERICA SAFE! #USA🇺🇸 
.@David_Cameron As Prime Minister why are you spending vast amounts of money to subsidize ugly wind turbines in Scotland that nobody wants?
caught he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness...and now he is judge &amp; jury. He should be the one who is investigated for his acts.
25 days to go until fiscal cliff (bad name)—it is only a fiscal curb! Debt ceiling is real fiscal cliff...and that will be interesting!
.@SabrinaSiddiqui  Re: Taylor and Conor--great news for Taylor!
At 9:00 P.M. @CNN of all places is doing a Special Report on my daughter Ivanka. Considering it is CNN can't imagine it will be great!
Crude is at $100/Barrel. With the current state of the world economy how is that possible? OPEC is ripping of… (cont) 
....it was impossible - and then already it’s over 4% and I expect it’s going to grow faster and faster. We’re just getting started here.” Peter Ferrara former advisor to President Reagan. @foxandfriends
Dumbass @BillMaher has still not given me the 5 million he committed to charity--- we just presented him with a demand notice.
Do you believe Obama just said that America would be "less safe" with a travel ban from West Africa.This is the thinking of a total mad man!
....Just finished meetings with Turkey and Germany. Heading to a meeting now with those countries that have met their 2% GOALS followed by meetings with Denmark and Italy....
Call me old school but I believe in the old warrior's credo that "to the victor go the spoils." In other word… (cont) 
A wonderful family and friends from Utah got caught between two vicious drug cartels who were shooting at each other with the result being many great American people killed including young children and some missing. If Mexico needs or requests help in cleaning out these.....
If the gov't shuts down it is because Obama wants to make working Americans buy ObamaCare while businesses and gov't are exempt.
..the President when Flynn had been cleared of everything long before that. The DOJ is withholding a lot of evidence &amp; information as are Clapper &amp; Brennan &amp; all of the people who participated in the complete setup of Michael Flynn.”(Terrible!) Sidney Powell. This is a disgrace!

Never has the Republican Party been so united as it is now. 95% A.R. This is a great fraud being played out against the American people by the Fake News Media &amp; their partner the Do Nothing Democrats. The rules are rigged by Pelosi &amp; Schiff but we are winning and we will win!
Video game violence &amp; glorification must be stopped—it is creating monsters!
China wouldn't provide a red carpet stairway from Air Force One and then Philippines President calls Obama "the son of a whore." Terrible!
Watch this behind the scenes video of @IvankaTrump's Fall 2012 collection photo shoot- 
'ICE OFFICERS WARN HILLARY IMMIGRATION PLAN WILL UNLEASH GANGS CARTELS &amp; DRUG VIOLENCE NATIONWIDE'… 
Via @Suntimes’ @CSTearlyoften by @FSPIELMAN: “Council sign rules mean Trump name will loom large on river”  
I as President want people coming into our Country who are going to help us become strong and great again people coming in through a system based on MERIT. No more Lotteries! #AMERICA FIRST
Very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks. So dishonest! Rigged system!
In today's all new #TrumpVlog I discuss what a great honor it was to be inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame. 
Premiering Jan. 4th the record 14th season’s @ApprenticeNBC cast is the nastiest yet  Major Boardroom fireworks!
Alabama was going to be hit or grazed and then Hurricane Dorian took a different path (up along the East Coast). The Fake News knows this very well. That’s why they’re the Fake News!
In Hudson Valley @TrumpNationalNY’s course has pristine fairways tour caliber greens &amp; 64 strategic sand bunkers 
Anytime you see someone talking about celebrity weight loss on my "twitter" it is a total scam!
'President-elect Donald J. Trump's CIA Director Garners Praise' 
Via @scotsmandotcom: Via "Donald Trump makes plans for Menie Estate marquee" 
Work begins on the Old Post Office in Washington D.C. in 3 months. It will soon become one of the great hotels of the world.
Congratulations to Patrick Reed for winning at Trump National Doral. He told me The Blue Monster is "the best course I've ever played"

Sadly when it comes to using the energy industry to create American jobs @BarackObama has been a total (cont)  17:04:15,48,4,false,162944015908601859TwitLonger Beta,“It’s sad—truly sad and disgraceful—the way Obama has allowed America to be abused and kicked around (cont)  22:35:57,131,17,false,162665104754737152Twitter Web Client,Watch me on @Hannityshow tonight at 9PM ET on @FoxNews.,01-26-2012 21:57:30,25,4,false,162655426750578688TwitLonger Beta,@BarackObama’s Russian Ambassador stated that he supports ‘universal values’ not ‘American values’ (cont)  21:55:16,17,2,false,162654865775013890TwitLonger Beta,“Did you know that with the natural gas reserves we have in the United States we could power America’s (cont)  21:32:47,105,13,false,162649206908133376Twitter Web Client,“We need more grown-ups in Washington people who will shoot straight and level with the American people.” #TimeToGetTough,01-26-2012 21:06:07,205,36,false,162642496839618560Twitter Web Client,@BarackObama’s SOTU claim that “companies get tax breaks for moving jobs and profits overseas” is 100% false  21:04:45,16,1,false,162642152701165568Twitter Web Client,@BarackObama gave 1% of his income to charity from 2000 through 2004  I guess he only likes spending our money.,01-26-2012 20:20:07,70,7,false,162630921869205506Twitter Web Client,@BarackObama’s SOTU ratings were down 12% from 2011   He can't even deliver ratings in an election year.,01-26-2012 19:54:17,17,1,false,162624417061552128Twitter Web Client,My @gretawire interview discussing @IvankaTrump wanting me to run for POTUS @BarackObama’s SOTU and his China policy  17:28:00,21,13,false,162587605458878464Twitter Web Client,My @SquawkCNBC interview from earlier in the week discussing the GOP primary and @newtgingrich's electability  17:14:09,13,5,false,162584119996461056Twitter Web Client,Check out this great story from the @WSJ...  21:30:07,19,16,false,162286150147518464Twitter Web Client,#trumpvlog My thoughts on the State of the Union address Apple and a great @WSJ article....  21:22:42,53,23,false,162284282470072321Twitter Web Client,Last night in his SOTU @BarackObama claimed that he is a friend of Israel. Does anyone really believe that.,01-25-2012 21:14:25,128,6,false,162282195451518976TwitLonger Beta,Keystone pipeline would create 20000 direct jobs another 50000 jobs servicing the pipeline. 700000 barrels a (cont)  20:59:36,245,16,false,162278468451713025Twitter Web Client,After Solyndra @BarackObama is stil intent on wasting our tax dollars on unproven technologies and risky companies. He must be accountable.,01-25-2012 20:33:30,100,14,false,162271898095468544Twitter Web Client,Notice how @BarackObama failed to mention ObamaCare last night in his SOTU. Even he knows it is terrible.,01-25-2012 20:15:35,357,28,false,162267391156432896TwitLonger Beta,For a president who likes to showcase how hip and tech savvy he is Obama also appears surprisingly clueless (cont) 
The Black community brilliantly turned their backs on Mini Mike because they know he is a pandering phony who never did right by them! 
LA Times- USC Dornsife Sunday Poll: Donald Trump Retains 2 Point Lead Over Hillary:
Dennis—Thank you for being honest.  Somebody put words in your mouth &amp; you wouldn’t take it. Great!  @dennisrodman
Texas &amp; Oklahoma: Mini Mike Bloomberg will kill your drilling fracking and pipelines. Petroleum based “anything” is dead. Energy jobs gone. Don’t vote for Mini Mike!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is "guilty as hell" but the system is totally rigged and corrupt! Where are the 33000 missing e-mails?
The “Times” is a disgrace to journalism! 
“Failure has a thousand explanations. Success doesn't need one.” - Alec Guinness
Great meeting and dinner with Kim Jong Un in Hanoi Vietnam tonight. Looking forward to continuing our discussions tomorrow! #HanoiSummit 
Watch ET tonight to find out what my beautiful wife will be wearing at the Met Gala!  
Thank you Jessica! 
Obama is about to destroy the mililtary through the sequester. The Middle East is a mess. Yet Colin Powell still endorses him. Wonder why?
I will be live from the White House at 4:00 P.M.
Angelina and Sidney had a really strange vibe going! #Oscars
Thank you Greensboro North Carolina! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst 
....a law firm eventually Kremlin connected sources to gather info on Donald Trump. Collusion is very real with Russia but only with Hillary and the Democrats and we should demand a full investigation.” Dan Bongino on @foxandfriends  Looking forward to the new IG Report!
Our Economy is the envy of the World!
Thomas Kinkade died. I happen to love the beauty of his paintings. He took a lot of heat from art critics who (cont) 
Congratulations to Bryan Steil on a wonderful win last night. Your will be replacing a great guy in Paul Ryan and your win in November will make the entire State of Wisconsin very proud. You have my complete and total Endorsement!
Moderator: “Respectfully you won’t answer the pay-to-play question.” #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
#SaluteToAmerica🇺🇸#July4th 
I promise to do a new #trumpvlog when I get back next week---- lots of requests. Thanks!
“I don’t care what you think of the President...it cannot bleed over to the FBI...Comey is confirming there is bias in the FBI...” -Chris Swecker
Waste! The CBO now estimates that @BarackObama's stimulus cost $831B and a ridicuous $4.1M per job created 
I would like to thank John Rood for his service to our Country and wish him well in his future endeavors! 
Had a very good conversation with the newly elected President of Brazil Jair Bolsonaro who won his race by a substantial margin. We agreed that Brazil and the United States will work closely together on Trade Military and everything else! Excellent call wished him congrats!
.@FLOTUS Melania will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight on @FoxNews at 9:00pmE!
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
Mark Sanford has been very unhelpful to me in my campaign to MAGA. He is MIA and nothing but trouble. He is better off in Argentina. I fully endorse Katie Arrington for Congress in SC a state I love. She is tough on crime and will continue our fight to lower taxes. VOTE Katie!
Watch me on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon tomorrow night at 12:35 a.m. on NBC--I'll be making a big announcement!
With 15% US real unemployment and a 16T debt @Michelle Obama's luxurious Aspen vacation - her 16th - cost us over $1M 
Billions of dollars are sent to the State of California for Forrest fires that with proper Forrest Management would never happen. Unless they get their act together which is unlikely I have ordered FEMA to send no more money. It is a disgraceful situation in lives &amp; money!
Thank you! 
Former National Security Adviser for President Obama said “President Trump was absolutely correct” in taking out terroristist leader Soleimani. Thank you General Jones!
Thank you to @BuckMcNeely1 and Oliver North for the nice words and thoughts in an excellent interview. Best wishes!
Good night everyone - sleep well and tomorrow have many victories!
Thank you Roger it is a big Hoax! 
Remember if you don't pat yourself on the back nobody else will. Take credit for your successes and don't let others forget!!!!!!
Thank you @tweetbypremier for selecting the Ocean View Suite @Trump_Ireland as one of your top 10 suites 
“I don’t think it’s a Whistleblower at all. I think this is an anonymous source for the Democratic Staff in the House of Representatives. This is an insult to real Whistleblowers. Actual Whistleblowers go on to have their whole lives upended.” John Kiriakou  @TuckerCarlson
For beauty and flight I’ll take the @Boeing 757 over the @Boeing 787 any day!
Unbelievably James Comey states that Polls where Crooked Hillary was leading were a factor in the handling (stupidly) of the Clinton Email probe. In other words he was making decisions based on the fact that he thought she was going to win and he wanted a job. Slimeball!
Great new poll Florida - thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Over the course of the past two days the United States and China have held candid and constructive conversations on the status of the trade relationship between both countries. The relationship between President Xi and myself remains a very strong one and conversations....
Today I am greatly honored to welcome my good friend PM Abe of Japan to the @WhiteHouse. Over the past 16 months the Prime Minister and I have worked closely together to address common challenges of which there are many... 
The problem with banker Jamie Dimon running for President is that he doesn’t have the aptitude or “smarts” &amp; is a poor public speaker &amp; nervous mess - otherwise he is wonderful. I’ve made a lot of bankers and others look much smarter than they are with my great economic policy!
Via @Ammoland by Fredy Riehl: “Donald Trump Talks: Gun Control Assault Weapons Gun Free Zones &amp; Self Defense” 
A big day for the U.S. at the United Nations!
Obama is totally “tweaking” the Republicans because he doesn’t respect them—they’ve got to change their ways.
....Alabama Iowa Nebraska Georgia South Carolina North Carolina and others unless much more money is given to Puerto Rico. The Dems don’t want farmers to get any help. Puerto Rico should be very happy and the Dems should stop blocking much needed Disaster Relief!
....Melania and I send our heartfelt thoughts and prayers to the great people of Texas.
Thank you Kevin for the nice words! 
Obama is angry frustrated and desperate.  He said “voting is the best revenge”   He is divisive.
Interview w/Melanie Batley via Newsmax 
Just reminded my staff that Morning Joe &amp; Psycho were with me in my room at their request the night I won New Hampshire. Likewise followed me to other states....
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Our GREAT VETERANS can now connect w/ their VA healthcare team from anywhere using #VAVideoConnect - available at:  

In light of Boston immigration legislation will be much harder to get.
Establishment flunky @KarlRove is going crazy with the just released CBS poll that has me way ahead. New Fox poll has me beating Hillary.
Got to see by accident wacko comedian Bill Maher’s show - So many lies. He said patients in El Paso hospital didn’t want to meet with me. Wrong! Had really great meetings with numerous patients. Said I was on vacation. Wrong! Long planned fix up of W.H. stay here rather than..
After consultation with my Generals and military experts please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow......
I look forward to paying my respects to our brave men and women on this Memorial Day at Arlington National Cemetery later this morning.
If Democrats were not such obstructionists and understood the power of lower taxes we would be able to get many of their ideas into Bill!
Priorities--while fundraising and campaigning on our dime Obama has skipped over 50% of his intel briefings  
The USC made a terrible decision today. How can a requirement to buy private health insurance logically be a Government tax?!
Thank you to General McMaster. Just more Fake News! 
When I begrudgingly signed the Omnibus Bill I was promised the Wall and Border Security by leadership. Would be done by end of year (NOW). It didn’t happen! We foolishly fight for Border Security for other countries - but not for our beloved U.S.A. Not good!
....Today @FLOTUS and I encourage all Americans to cherish and honor the memory of those we have lost through acts of love and service. We will hold Parkland forever in our hearts.
We are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to Indiana!
Thank you Las Vegas Review Journal! EDITORIAL: 'Donald Trump for president'  via @reviewjournal
In Florida there is a choice between a Harvard/Yale educated man named @RonDeSantisFL who has been a great Congressman and will be a great Governor - and a Dem who is a thief and who is Mayor of poorly run Tallahassee said to be one of the most corrupt cities in the Country!
Less than a week after we leave Iraq the country is already unraveling. We got nothing from the Iraqis and now (cont) 
Thank you! 
Getting ready to land in Louisiana to do Rally with Great Republican @EddieRispone for Governor. He will get your taxes and auto insurance (highest in Country!) way down. Loves our Military &amp; Vets. Will protect your 2nd Amendment. VOTE SATURDAY!
If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon!
When Strasburg leaves in a couple of years under free agency Washington will say " what were we doing".
I will protect your Social Security and Medicare just as I have for the past 3 years. Sleepy Joe Biden will destroy both in very short order and he won’t even know he’s doing it!
Another Dishonest Politician #LightweightSenatorMarcoRubio 
.@FLOTUS Melania and I join the Nation in celebrating the life of Barbara Bush: 
Sad--just 16% of American parents think their children will be better off than them    We can do much better!
.@timkaine oversaw unemployment INCREASE by 179249 while @mike_pence DECREASED unemployment in Indiana by 113826.… 
Who ever heard of a legal conviction statement “more probable than not” against Tom Brady? Sue them Tom and make lots of $. @nfl
If I run I will be in all the primary debates and you will see why I am the only one who can Make America Great Again!
See the attack  very possibly could have been stopped. We need real leadership and vision. 
Well Obama refused to say (he just can't say it) that we are at WAR with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS.
“Leadership is perhaps the key to getting any job done.” – The Art of The Deal
Virginia's highest rated wine by @WineEnthusiast @trumpwinery is inspired by the regions of Bordeaux &amp; Champagne 
Today it was an honor to celebrate the Collegiate National Champions of 2016/2017 at the @WhiteHouse! #NCAAChampions🏆Photos:  
Effective today my administration officially declared the #OpioidCrisis a NATIONAL PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCY under federal law. 
The home of Nancy Pelosi. I can’t believe her voters can be happy with the job she and the Do Nothing Democrats are doing! San Francisco has really gone down hill. So sad! 
.....”Carter Page wasn’t a spy wasn’t an agent of the Russians - he would have cooperated with the FBI. It was a fraud and a hoax designed to target Trump.” Tom Fitton @JudicialWatch A disgrace to America. They should drop the discredited Mueller Witch Hunt now!
Today's ceremony is a day for both remembrance and resolve.#NATOMeeting #NATO 
If it was a Conservative that said what “crazed” Mika Brzezinski stated on her show yesterday using a certain horrible term that person would be banned permanently from television....
Wow! Yet another big storm heading to Puerto Rico. Will it ever end? Congress approved 92 Billion Dollars for Puerto Rico last year an all time record of its kind for “anywhere.”
If only speeches could create jobs then @BarackObama wouldn't have such a dismal economic record.
It's the Democrats' total weakness &amp; incompetence that gave rise to ISIS --  not a tape of Donald Trump that was an admitted Hillary lie!
Just landed. India was great trip very successful. Heading to the White House. Meetings and calls scheduled today. @CDCgov @SecAzar and all doing a great job with respect to Coronavirus! Briefing this afternoon.
I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders was not true to himself and his supporters. They are not happy that he is selling out!
The media is pathetic. Our embassies are savaged by radicals while Obama does nothing and all they can do is criticize @MittRomney.
Wow @CNN Town Hall questions were given to Crooked Hillary Clinton in advance of big debates against Bernie Sanders. Hillary &amp; CNN FRAUD!
...on 51 votes which is procedural. You don’t need two thirds.”  Brad Blakeman @FoxNews  A great lawyer &amp; person. Thank you Brad!
Slippery James Comey the worst FBI Director in history was not fired because of the phony Russia investigation where by the way there was NO COLLUSION (except by the Dems)!
Today the House took major steps toward securing our schools by passing the STOP School Violence Act. We must put the safety of America's children FIRST by improving training and by giving schools and law enforcement better tools. A tragedy like Parkland can't happen ever again!
It is outrageous what the Democrats are doing to our Country. Vote Republican now!  
I AM ON MY WAY SEE YOU SOON! 
Entrepreneurs: Pay attention to details. If you don’t know everything about what you’re doing you'll be in for some big surprises.
Another new Stock Market Record. Enjoy!
Thank you Kevin. With unification of the party Republican wins will be massive! 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING! 
Republicans have very strong hand in their fight against Obamacare-lets see if they are willing and able to play it "tuff"!
We're all very happy to hear of Bret Michael's progress and send our best wishes for his full recovery.
138 people have been killed in Sri Lanka with more that 600 badly injured in a terrorist attack on churches and hotels. The United States offers heartfelt condolences to the great people of Sri Lanka. We stand ready to help!
Spitzer and Weiner lost lightweight Eric Schneiderman will be next - he will be challenged in the PRIMARY. He has done a really poor job!
#ISIS is making $400M/year on oil. I have been saying it for years. We need to bomb the oil!  
Thank you Minnesota - I love you!
The Democrat party is the party of high taxes high crime open borders late-term abortion socialism blatant corruption and the total destruction of your Second Amendment. The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker the American Family and the American Dream! 
Broke all time Stock Market Record again today. 135 times since my 2016 Election Win. Thank you!
The Democrats want to shut government if we don't bail out Puerto Rico and give billions to their insurance companies for OCare failure. NO!
#TrumpVine Weiner is a joke.... 
Something very important and indeed society changing may come out of the Ebola epidemic that will be a very good thing: NO SHAKING HANDS!
.@cyndilauper Condolences on the passing of your uncle and best wishes.
Sleep eyes @ChuckTodd is killing Meet The Press. Isn't he pathetic? Love watching him fail!
Today I am also directing the Department of Justice to propose legislation ensuring that those who commit hate crimes and mass murders face the DEATH PENALTY - and that this capital punishment be delivered quickly decisively and without years of needless delay. 
You can’t make this up!  David Kris a highly controversial former DOJ official was just appointed by the FISA Court to oversee reforms to the FBI’s surveillance procedures. Zero credibility. THE SWAMP! @DevinNunes  @MariaBartiromo @FoxNews
Show me someone without an ego and I'll show you a loser - having a healthy ego or high opinion of yourself is a real positive in life!
“Why re-elect Democrats when you know that this is what they are doing with their majority. Their case is not strong because first it was Russian Collusion then it was obstruction then it was Ukraine now their pivoting back to Russia. Why would they be doing that?” Lisa Booth
Carter Banned Iranians From Coming To U.S. During Hostage Crisis 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016  
Manufacturing is now less than 9% of US GDP. The Rust Belt heart of our country’s factory sector has been destroyed by our leaders.
A new INTELLIGENCE LEAK from the Amazon Washington Postthis time against A.G. Jeff Sessions.These illegal leaks like Comey's must stop!
Great meeting with @HouseGOP and @SenateGOP leaders including @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @GOPLeader @JohnCornyn… 
Will soon be 145 Judges! 
 @WealthyJACK                     @realDonaldTrump True. I read it - great book Mr. Trump.  Thanks.
Thank you America! Get out &amp; VOTE tomorrow! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
Looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife Melania. Place looks beautiful!
What is a bit appealing about this idea of Trump hosting a debate is consider the diverse audience that perh… (cont)  17:21:13,26,5,false,144828892547518464TweetDeck,My @CNN interview with @PiersTonight discussing the Newsmax-@iontv debate #TimeToGetTough the GOP and the economy  17:09:39,20,8,false,144825981310472193TweetDeck,Excited to have @SarahPalinUSA's endorsement of the Newsmax-@iontv debate. Sarah is terrific.,12-08-2011 16:47:13,28,10,false,144820334426726400TweetDeck,My @FoxNews interview with @TeamCavuto discussing the Newsmax-@iontv debate #TimeToGetTough and the 2012 race  15:17:38,16,4,false,144797792903249920TweetDeck,My @MorningJoe interview with @JoeNBC & @morningmika discussing the Newsmax-@iontv debate and #TimeToGetTough    15:07:00,6,3,false,144795115339264002TweetDeck,I will be signing copies of my new book TIME TO GET TOUGH tomorrow Dec 9th in Trump Tower from 11 a.m. to … (cont)  14:35:00,14,8,false,144787061264744449TweetDeck,My @foxandfriends interview duscussing my meeting with @newtgingrich the Newsmax-@iontv debate and #TimeToGetTough   19:44:44,24,7,false,144502623914049537TweetDeck,The Architect" @KarlRove is directly responsible for losing both houses & @BarackObama becoming President. Ignore him.
For the great people of Iowa find your #IACaucus location at  So important to vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our GREAT @USArmy. America loves you! #ArmyBday 
The radical left lawyers want the FBI to get involved NOW. Why didn’t someone call the FBI 36 years ago?
The Democrats in the House should propose a very simple one year Payroll Tax cut. Great for the middle class great for the USA!
“You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.” – Albert Einstein
Why does @CNN bore their audience with people like @secupp a totally biased loser who doesn't have a clue. I hear she will soon be gone!
I am the only potential owner of the @buffalobills who will keep the team in Buffalo where it belongs!
Ohio Gov.Kasich voted for NAFTA from which Ohio has never recovered. Now he wants TPP which will be even worse. Ohio steel and coal dying!
With Democrats Spitzer Danger-Weiner &amp; Filner which party really has the war on women?
The Mayweather decision is a disgrace!
Thank you New Hampshire! #FITN#Trump2016 #NHPolitics 
THE ONLY REASON TO VOTE FOR A DEMOCRAT IS IF YOU’RE TIRED OF WINNING!
Just arrived in Colorado see everyone soon! 
I’m self-funding and I am going to take care of the people – not the special interests and insurance companies like the other candidates.
Senator Dan Sullivan is doing a great job for the people of Alaska while supporting our #MAGA Agenda. He fights hard everyday to support our Veterans and the Military. Dan is Strong on the #2A and is 100% pro-jobs. I give Dan Sullivan my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Thank you Arizona. Beautiful turnout of 15000 in Phoenix tonight! Full coverage of rally via my Facebook at:  
After more than two years of Presidential Harassment the only things that have been proven is that Democrats and other broke the law. The hostile Cohen testimony given by a liar to reduce his prison time proved no Collusion! His just written book manuscript showed what he.....
Watch @extratv's spot covering the first annual Trump Invitational at Mar-a-Lago 
Watch – Obama will not fix the illegal immigrant loophole. Instead he will sign another executive action giving more amnesty.
Before you vote think: Obama wants to raise taxes @MittRomney wants to lower taxes--need I say more!
I LIVE IN NEW JERSEY &amp; @realDonaldTrump IS RIGHT: MUSLIMS DID CELEBRATE ON 9/11 HERE! WE SAW IT! 
The five Taliban leaders released for a deserter must really be laughing and having a good time right now. They are saying how dumb U.S. is!
I campaigned on creating a merit-based immigration system that protects U.S. workers &amp; taxpayers. Watch:  #RAISEAct 
...It will soon be time to choose to keep and build upon that prosperity and success or let it go. We are respected again all around the world. Keep it that way! I said I will never let you down and I haven’t. We will only grow bigger better and stronger TOGETHER!
.@mcuban Letterman @Late_Show had his best ratings with me--and you bombed. People don't care about Mark Cuban.
Santorum calls Trump debate skippers "hypocrites"   @RickSantorum
“I have seen all of the Russian ads and I can say very definitively that swaying the election was *NOT* the main goal.”Rob GoldmanVice President of Facebook Ads 

Gina Haspel is one step closer to leading our brave men and women at the CIA. She is exceptionally qualified and the Senate should confirm her immediately. We need her to keep our great country safe! #ConfirmGina
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM. Always interesting. Tune in!
Is this Phony Witch Hunt going to go on even longer so it wrongfully impacts the Mid-Term Elections which is what the Democrats always intended? Republicans better get tough and smart before it is too late!
Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag - if they do there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail!
Brande would have been fired immediately if she didn't raise $132000 a really large sum. Bret on the other hand raised very little...
A great night in Iowa! 
“The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits.” - Albert Einstein
.@RGIII &amp; @DangeRussWilson &amp; Luck are very special players--will be great playoff games.
Stock Market at all time high unemployment at lowest level in years (wages will start going up) and our base has never been stronger!
.@chelseahandler—stop trying to get your hotelier boyfriend back—a lost cause—he can do much better!
What a shock! The U.S. Capitol Christmas tree pays homage @BarackObama but failed to mention Jesus.
A terrible deal with Iran! 
Mexico is doing a far better job than the Democrats on the Border. Thank you Mexico!
Trump @DoralResort is hosting the WGC @cadillacchamp from March 6th – 10th.  Join me--I will be there all four days.
Pervert alert--serial sexter @repweiner is polling to test the waters for NYC political run. 
“Serial killers get more Due Process than the Democrats give to the President of the United States.” @marklevinshow
Disappointed the @NewYorkObserver article on @AGSchneiderman did not bring up his dealings w/ Shirley Huntley.  
The only one to fix the infrastructure of our country is me - roads airports bridges. I know how to build pols only know how to talk!
Our new allies in Egypt the Muslim Brotherhood have close relations with Iran   We never should have abandoned Mubarak.
He made a great contribution to the press--@AndrewBreitbart will be missed.
Anything in this very interesting world is possible but I believe that Kim Jong Un fully realizes the great economic potential of North Korea &amp; will do nothing to interfere or end it. He also knows that I am with him &amp; does not want to break his promise to me. Deal will happen!
JOBS JOBS JOBS!“Jobs surge in April unemployment rate falls to the lowest since 1969” 
Arrived in Argentina with a very busy two days planned. Important meetings scheduled throughout. Our great Country is extremely well represented. Will be very productive!
Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over!
It's important that we help poor people to become independent self-sufficient individuals who gain the benefits of work. #TimeToGetTough
I can't believe that @CNN would allow the very nice Jeffrey Lord to be savaged by a panel of seven Trump haters. 7 to 1 - Don't watch CNN!
So many people have told me that I should host Meet the Press and replace the moron who is on now. Just too busy especially next 10 years!
Thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on Thursday night. From the heart!
'True blue-collar billionaire Donald Trump shows Hillary Clinton is out of touch' 
Barack Obama used to mock Bush's 300K monthly job reports  Now Obama wishes he could have a month half as good.
Good morning. I will be on Fox and Friends at 7.00 (30 minutes). Enjoy! @foxandfriends
Will be working with contractors at Trump National Doral in Miami today.
A great night in Fayetteville North Carolina. Thank you! #ICYMI watch here:  
DACA was abandoned by the Democrats. Very unfair to them! Would have been tied to desperately needed Wall.
Women defy media narrative love Trump at packed Michigan rally.VIDEO:  
Thank you - Michigan!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Congratulations to @BarackObama--yesterday marked the 1 YR anniversary of our country's credit being downgraded 
These were Mueller prosecutors and the whole Mueller investigation was illegally set up based on a phony and now fully discredited Fake Dossier lying and forging documents to the FISA Court and many other things. Everything having to do with this fraudulent investigation is...
.@JudgeJeanine  Tonight at  9 P.M. on @FoxNews - ENJOY!
A perfectly executed strike last night. Thank you to France and the United Kingdom for their wisdom and the power of their fine Military. Could not have had a better result. Mission Accomplished!
Yes All-Star @ApprenticeNBC contestant @THEGaryBusey is a little out there. But he uses his ‘uniqueness’ to his advantage.
The World is using our laws to our detriment. They laugh at the Stupidity they see!
Just spoke to Governor Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands who stated that #FEMA and Military are doing a GREAT job! Thank you Governor!
Al Qaeda terrorist Al Libi was immediately read his rights &amp; is now being treated for ‘pre-existing’ medical (cont) 
Stop the assault on American values. Stand w/ Trump to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!#VotersSpeak:  
Don't forget to tune in tonight for another exciting episode of The Apprentice--10 p.m. on NBC.
The CBO has predicted that unemployment will rise to 8.8% this next year.   This is @BarackObama's economic recovery.
Interesting reading re September 11th 
Republicans had all the cards but not the guts to make a great deal!
Host of the @PGATOUR &amp; @CadillacChamp @TrumpDoral is home to 4 unique courses including the famous Blue Monster 
Great honor to be headed to the Army-Navy game today. Will be there shortly landing now! 
The VA scandal shows the fatal ineptitude of big central planning government. When will we learn?
This summer is very tough for the nation’s worst AG @AGSchneiderman. Moreland Commission is his disaster.
BUILD A WALL &amp; CRIME WILL FALL!
American must now get very tough very smart and very vigilant. We cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary screening.
Via @BreitbartNews by @rwildewrites: “Donald Trump: I Can Make America Great Again”  (Hyperlinked on @DRUDGE_REPORT)
Thank you. 
Happy New Year to all my Jewish friends.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #6Days 
Great day for America's future Security and Safety courtesy of the U.S. Supreme Court. I will keep fighting for the American people &amp; WIN!
Dark Knight Rises is projected to gross over $180 million this weekend. Remember to watch for Trump Tower!
I gave out the Male Athlete of the Year Award last night to my friend @MichaelPhelps—22 Olympic medals—a record that will never be broken.
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #MAGA 
“All-Star Celebrity Apprentice” ranked #1 for the 10 o’clock hour among ABC CBS and NBC with a season-high 19% margin.
I would like to wish everyone A HAPPY AND HEALTHY NEW YEAR. WE MUST ALL WORK TOGETHER TO FINALLY MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN AND GREAT AGAIN!
Even Crazy Jim Acosta of Fake News CNN agrees: “Trump World and WH sources dancing in end zone: Trump wins again...Schumer and Dems caved...gambled and lost.” Thank you for your honesty Jim!
.@GOP HOUSE LEADERSHIP – ESTABLISH SELECT COMMITTEE ON BENGHAZI. THERE IS A MASSIVE COVERUP.
....it is done. These places need your help badly you can’t leave fast enough. I’m sure that Nancy Pelosi would be very happy to quickly work out free travel arrangements!
Thank you South Carolina! Everyone get out and vote tomorrow! We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Highly respected economist @Larry_Kudlow is a big fan of my tax plan—thank you Larry. 
Waste. With 22 new taxes &amp; $1.8T in added debt @BarackObama's disgraceful 'ObamaCare' will still leave 30M uninsured 
The media is really on a witch-hunt against me. False reporting and plenty of it - but we will prevail!
If Obama is concerned about the border he should stop vacationing. Gov't will save millions which it can use to stop illegal migration.
I heard because his show is unwatchable that @Lawrence has made many false statements last night about me. Maybe I should sue him?
.@SadiqKhan who by all accounts has done a terrible job as Mayor of London has been foolishly “nasty” to the visiting President of the United States by far the most important ally of the United Kingdom. He is a stone cold loser who should focus on crime in London not me......
The sex scandal at the CIA and Pentagon is rapidly unfolding--getting more interesting by the minute!
California Governor Jerry Brown is doing the right thing and sending the National Guard to the Border. Thank you Jerry good move for the safety of our Country!
Deepest sympathies to Congresswoman Debbie Dingell and the entire family of John Dingell. Longest serving Congressman in Country’s history which if people understand politics means he was very smart. A great reputation and highly respected man.
These are facts: In 2001 the US opened its markets to China &amp; since then more than 2 million Americans can't (cont) 
I will defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton on 11/8/2016. #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Hillary Clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 campaign. #FlashbackFriday 
SEAL who shot Bin Laden is unemployed &amp; can’t feed his family  Everyone can get welfare but this SEAL can’t eat!
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! 
What a statesman! @BarackObama made sure to quickly call the Muslim Brotherhood victor to congratulate him on (cont) 
My Twitter has been seriously hacked--- and we are looking for the perpetrators.
Whether you love like or hate Donald Trump I will be on Bill O'Reilly (Fox) tonight at 8.00. Bill knows Trump is great for ratings!
That Saturday Night Live is able to joke about the Germanwings air tragedy is disgusting. They should apologize to all of those  suffering!
KEEPING COMMERCIAL ESTABLISHMENTS SAFE ENCOURAGE YOUR EMPLOYEES AND CUSTOMERS TO.... 
Martha is a great leader on this issue! 
It was my great honor to welcome Mayor’s from across America to the WH. My Administration will always support local government - and listen to the leaders who know their communities best. Together we will usher in a bold new era of Peace and Prosperity!  
The Al Frankenstien picture is really bad speaks a thousand words. Where do his hands go in pictures 2 3 4 5 &amp; 6 while she sleeps? .....
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing why I don't own Facebook stock and running a tough campaign against @BarackObama 
Even though I refused to pay a ridiculous price for the Buffalo Bills I would have produced a winner. Now that won’t happen.
Great interview with @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy on @foxandfriends. “There was no urgency with the Articles of Impeachment because there was no case.”
Here we go again with General Motors and the United Auto Workers. Get together and make a deal!
Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
We are pleased to announce that Matthew G. Whitaker Chief of Staff to Attorney General Jeff Sessions at the Department of Justice will become our new Acting Attorney General of the United States. He will serve our Country well....
Just announced that Veterans unemployment has reached an 18 year low really good news for our Vets and their families. Will soon be an all time low! Do you think the media will report on this and all of the other great economic news?
will only get higher. Car companies and others if they want to do business in our country have to start making things here again. WIN!
You should give the money back @HillaryClinton! #DrainTheSwamp 
Check out the recent Editorial in the Wall Street Journal @WSJ about what a complete disaster the @CFPB has been under its leader from previous Administration who just quit!
Congratulations to Patrick Reed on his great and courageous MASTERS win! When Patrick had his amazing win at Doral 5 years ago people saw his great talent and a bright future ahead. Now he is the Masters Champion!
Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? I don't think so! Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back. ISIS LAUGHS!
No surprise that China was caught cheating in the Olympics. That's the Chinese M.O. - Lie Cheat &amp; Steal in all international dealings.
If you don't do your part don't blame God. - Billy Sunday
No deal was made last night on DACA. Massive border security would have to be agreed to in exchange for consent. Would be subject to vote.
No better place to celebrate New Year’s Eve than @TrumpSoHo the most elite hotel in downtown NYC 
Looking forward to next week’s unveiling of the Red Tiger @TrumpDoral. An 18 hole masterpiece w/two island greens 
“Trump has set Economic Growth on fire. During his time in office the economy has achieved feats most experts thought impossible. GDP is growing at a 3 percent-plus rate. The unemployment rate is near a 50 year low.” CNBC...Also the Stock Market is up almost 50% since Election!
My @WOR710 interview on The John Gambling Show discussing the 2012 election Trump real estate projects &amp; our airports 
I don’t think the Dems on the Border Committee are being allowed by their leaders to make a deal. They are offering very little money for the desperately needed Border Wall &amp; now out of the blue want a cap on convicted violent felons to be held in detention!
...Save your energy Rex we'll do what has to be done!
Great show tonight @seanhannity you really get it (9:00 P.M. @FoxNews) that’s why you’re Number One (by far)! Also please tell Mark Levin congrats on having the Number One book!
THANK YOU! #KAG 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!  
If you treat people right they will treat you right...ninety percent of the time. -- Franklin D. Roosevelt
“But if someone has a gun and is trying to kill you... it would be reasonable to shoot back with your own gun.” - @DalaiLama
Disgraceful! 
Mini Mike Bloomberg’s debate performance tonight was perhaps the worst in the history of debates and there have been some really bad ones. He was stumbling bumbling and grossly incompetent. If this doesn’t knock him out of the race nothing will. Not so easy to do what I did!
Republicans and Democrats should get back to work immediately to work on resolving downgrade. This is not a go… (cont) 
Now America knows--the Emperor has no clothes. Why would Obama do better in a 2nd debate? #Debate #Obama
Arriving @TrumpScotland with @DonaldJTrumpJr &amp; @EricTrump. Back to New York tonight. Video: 
I loved beating John Kasich in the debates but it was easy—he came in dead last!
The Fed is considering issuing even more US bond debt into the market. Not good!
The great @MarianoRivera in my office with my son @EricTrump- 
Mark Penn  “Why are there people from the Clinton Foundation on the Mueller Staff? Why is there an Independent Councel? To go after people and their families for unrelated offenses...Constitution was set up to prevent this...Stormtrooper tactics almost.” A disgrace!
Last week the Fake News said that a section of our powerful under construction Southern Border Wall “fell over” trying to make it sound terrible except the reason was that the concrete foundation was just poured &amp; soaking wet when big winds kicked in. Quickly fixed “forever”.
People ask about @AmandaTMiller. She is actually a VP of Marketing at the Trump Organization. #CelebApprentice
Will be heading over to the debate soon. Can you believe @CNN is "milking" it for almost 3 hours? Too long too many people on stage!
I will be on the Mike &amp; Mike Show on radio and ESPN-at about 6 to 7 A.M. We will be talking Super Bowl and sports-no Obama Care!
Departing for Long Island now. An area under siege from #MS13 gang members. We will not rest until #MS13 is eradicated. #LESM 
Mitt’s subsequent rise in the polls post-debate shows that the American public can still spot a real winner.
Bill O'Reilly calls Trump and  campaign brilliant. In first place by 27 points.
Democrats are allowing no transparency at the Witch Hunt hearings. If Republicans ever did this they would be excoriated by the Fake News. Let the facts come out from the charade of people most of whom I do not know they are interviewing for 9 hours each not selective leaks.
Make no mistake---Fast and Furious goes ALL the way to the White House.
Signing a recent tax return- isn't this ridiculous? 
Senate Republicans are not voting on constitutionality or precedent they are voting on desperately needed Border Security &amp; the Wall. Our Country is being invaded with Drugs Human Traffickers &amp; Criminals of all shapes and sizes. That’s what this vote is all about. STAY UNITED!
Heading back to Washington D.C. Much will be accomplished this week on trade the military and security!
Again the President of the Ukraine said THERE WAS NO (ZERO) PRESSURE PUT ON HIM BY ME. End of case!
Thank you @Heritage! This is our once-in-a-generation opportunity to revitalize our economy revive our industry &amp; renew the AMERICAN DREAM! 
Kate is donating a #kidney to her husband  .  You can help! I did @fundanything #donate
My message MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN is beginning to take hold. Bring back our jobs strengthen our military and borders help our VETS!
I never did give anybody hell. I just told the truth and they thought it was hell.--Harry S. Truman
....always continue. Every Republican Senator except Romney many highly religious people all very smart voted against the Impeachment Hoax. @SenCapito was all in (a great person). I was told by many that Manchin was just a puppet for Schumer &amp; Pelosi. That’s what he is!
In Hillary Clinton's America - things get worse. #TrumpPence16 
A great new book just out “Game of Thorns” by Doug Wead Presidential Historian and best selling author. The book covers the campaign of 2016 and what could be more exciting than that?
....to me and there are many options including doing them directly &amp; avoiding the nasty politics of this very biased Commission. I will make a decision at an appropriate time but in the meantime the Commission on Presidential Debates is NOT authorized to speak for me (or R’s)!
....John Deere our car companies &amp; others to compete on a level playing field. With substantial Fed Cuts (there is no inflation) and no quantitative tightening the dollar will make it possible for our companies to win against any competition. We have the greatest companies...
New poll states that a record number of Americans have lost all faith in President Obama - duh!
The failing @nytimes does major FAKE NEWS China story saying "Mr.Xi has not spoken to Mr. Trump since Nov.14." We spoke at length yesterday!
Yet another terrorist attack this time in Turkey. Willthe world ever realize what is going on? So sad.
ObamaCare is such a national treasure that @BarackObama has waived over 1200 companies from the law  
Thank you Virginia! 15000 amazing supporters! Everyone get out and #VoteTrump tomorrow! 
.@MittRomney much better on Libya and Middle East problems. Obama has no answer.
We have a State of Emergency at our Southern Border. Border Patrol our Military and local Law Enforcement are doing a great job but without the Wall which is now under major construction you cannot have Border Security. Drugs Gangs and Human Trafficking must be stopped!
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Just won two Congressional Seats in North Carolina  &amp; a Governors runoff in Louisiana which Republicans should now win! Because of Impeachment Fraud we will easily take back the House add in the Senate &amp; again win Pres!
I cannot believe that Apple didn't come out with a larger screen IPhone. Samsung is stealing their business. STEVE JOBS IS SPINNING IN GRAVE
“@DHSgov @DHSMcAleenan Puts Guatemalan Migrants on Fast Track Home” 
Will be in South Bend Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
Jodi Arias has stated that she follows me on twitter so I really hate to be saying that she is guilty but sadly she is as guilty as it gets
Maggie Haberman of the Failing @nytimes reported that I was annoyed by the lack of cameras inside the hospitals in Dayton &amp; El Paso when in fact I was the one who stated very strongly that I didn’t want the Fake News inside &amp; told my people NOT to let them in. Fake reporting!
A lot of Fake News is being reported that I overruled the VP and various advisers on a potential Camp David meeting with the Taliban. This Story is False! I always think it is good to meet and talk but in this case I decided not to. The Dishonest Media likes to create...
Wonderful Frank Gifford has just passed away at age 84. He was my friend and a truly great guy! Warmest condolences to family.
Today as we Remember Pearl Harbor it was an incredible honor to be joined with surviving Veterans of the attack on 12/7/1941. They are HEROES and they are living witnesses to American History. All American hearts are filled with gratitude for their service and their sacrifice. 
JOIN ME TOMORROW!MINNESOTA •  •  • 9:30p… 
Praying for Ryan Newman a great and brave @NASCAR driver! #PrayingForRyan
The 13 Angry Democrats (plus people who worked 8 years for Obama) working on the rigged Russia Witch Hunt will be MEDDLING with the mid-term elections especially now that Republicans (stay tough!) are taking the lead in Polls. There was no Collusion except by the Democrats!
Just landed in Louisiana! Vote against John Bel Edwards he has the worst jobs record in the United States. Louisiana will do much better by electing a REPUBLICAN. See everyone soon! @LAGOP 
It is truly an honor that His Eminence Archbishop of New York @CardinalDolan will be delivering the benediction at the @RNC convention.
Had a meeting with the terrific @GovPenceIN of Indiana. So excited to campaign in his wonderful state! 
New York State's lightweight A.G. is driving business &amp; jobs out of N.Y. Look into his past-he shouldn't even be allowed to hold office!
Must read quote by @EricTrump in @CNNMoney article “Builders race to develop sky-high condo buildings” 
“Here in America it will be the same victory as BREXIT but even more so. In the U.S. while all of this has been going on the Impeachment the obstruction the resistance President Trump has managed to deliver not just promises but a record which adds up to one.....
It’s often necessary to boast but it’s even better if others do it for you.” – Think Like A Billionaire,11-29-2012 14:31:06,539,198,false,274158551155482624Twitter Web Client,One of the keys to thinking big is total focus.” – THE ART OF THE DEAL
Journalists shower Hillary Clinton with campaign  
Teams are making a big mistake not taking Johnny Manziel - he is going to be really good (and exciting to watch).
The State Department's 'shadow government' #DrainTheSwamp 
#TrumpVine @arod sucks! 
Thank you Steve! 
Marco Rubio is being crucified by the media for drinking water during speech!
Looking forward to my meeting at 2:00 P.M. with wonderful Inner City Pastors!
“China suspends Tariffs on some U.S. products. Being hit very hard supply chains breaking up as many companies move or look to move to other countries. Much more expensive to China than originally thought.” @CNBC  @JoeSquawk
I employ many people in the State of Virginia - JOBS JOBS JOBS! Crooked Hillary will sell us out just like her husband did with NAFTA.
Look how things have turned around on the Criminal Deep State. They go after Phony Collusion with Russia a made up Scam and end up getting caught in a major SPY scandal the likes of which this country may never have seen before! What goes around comes around!
Bill Clinton is right: Obamacare is 'crazy' 'doesn't work' and 'doesn't make sense'.  Thanks Bill for telling the truth.
Because of the tornado tragedy I will not be doing @piersmorgan tonight. I wish everyone well!
I am calling on Congress to TERMINATE the diversity visa lottery program that presents significant vulnerabilities to our national security. 
In @oreillyfactor’s No Spin Zone re: ObamaCare causing unemployment negotiating with China &amp; my $5M court win 
#2017Jambo- Remember your duty. Honor your history. Take care of the people God puts into your life – and LOVE &amp; CHERISH your country! 
I agree. Jovita will do a great job! 
Even @PiersMorgan is impressed by @THEGaryBusey. #CelebApprentice
If you want to protect criminal aliens – VOTE DEMOCRAT. If you want to protect Law-Abiding Americans – VOTE REPUBLICAN!  
One of the best moves I ever made was staying out of last decade's artificial real estate boom. But I used the downturn to my advantage.
.@pgaofamerica A really great tournament congrats to Monty Pete B and Ted Bishop. FANTASTIC JOB!
If I win the presidency my judicial appointments will do the right thing unlike Bush's appointee John Roberts on ObamaCare.
Chinese Telecom Giant Huawei hires former Obama Cyber Security Official as a lobbyist. This is not good or acceptable! @FoxNews @SteveHiltonx
Thank you @Theresa_May!🇺🇸🇬🇧 
Omarosa is very confident that the execs loved her concept &amp; presentation.
Will be in Tampa tonight. A big year for @RepDeSantis who will be a great governor for Florida. Strong on Crime Borders and our 2nd Amendment. Big help on Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts. Loves our Military &amp; our Vets. Has my Full &amp; Total Endorsement!
The totally inaccurate reporting by Lawrence O’Donnell for which he has been forced by NBC to apologize is NO DIFFERENT than the horrible corrupt and fraudulent Fake News that I (and many millions of GREAT supporters) have had to put up with for years. So bad for the USA!
For entrepreneurs ignorance is not bliss. It's fatal. It's costly. And it's for losers. You either get organized or get crushed.
Democrats could solve the Shutdown in 15 minutes! Call your Dem Senator or Congresswoman/man. Tell them to get it done! Humanitarian Crisis.
My opponents big bosses--lobbyists and donors--are trying to do damage. They will fail! Money down the drain!
Slippery James Comey a man who always ends up badly and out of whack (he is not smart!) will go down as the WORST FBI Director in history by far!
They’ve been wrong all along! 
.@CharlieRymerGC  Charlie call me - we'll set up a match with Gary and Damon. Doral now finished and doing great!
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning.
Thank you to @foxandfriends for the nice reviews of last night.
The just revealed FBI Agent Lisa Page transcripts make the Obama Justice Department look exactly like it was a broken and corrupt machine. Hopefully justice will finally be served. Much more to come!
I predict that President Obama will at some point attack Iran in order to save face!
Happy #VeteransDay to all.  And it is nice to have Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi back home.
Wow! Big VICTORY on the Wall. The United States Supreme Court overturns lower court injunction allows Southern Border Wall to proceed. Big WIN for Border Security and the Rule of Law!
EARLY VOTING: MN &amp; IA already underway more states coming up in the next week: OH ME AZ IN — check w/local officials for details &amp; VOTE!
Enjoy Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 - a really great episode!
...This will be a great campaign issue. I never asked Mitch McConnell for a vote before the Election as has been incorrectly reported (as usual) in the @nytimes but only after the Election when we take back the House etc. Republicans will always support pre-existing conditions!
Our deepest sympathies and most heartfelt prayers are with the victims of the train derailment in Washington State. We are closely monitoring the situation and coordinating with local authorities... 
PM Sarah Westcot-Williams incompetence should not be rewarded. You should vote for anyone who runs against her—loser! @PrimeMinisterSX
The Club for Growth is a very dishonest group. They represent conservative values terribly &amp; are bad for America. 
Great job on Fox this morning @KatiePavlich. I am sending out for your book immediately. Thank you very much!
.@AsaHutchinson the great Governor of Arkansas is in a primary tomorrow. He has done an incredible job with a focus on lower taxes border security and crime prevention. Asa loves our military and our veterans. I fully endorse Asa for Governor!
Just got to listen to Rush Limbaugh - the guy is fantastic!
Anybody entering the United States illegally will be arrested and detained prior to being sent back to their country!
.@BrandenRoderick I was pleased to see the wonderful statements you made about me to the media.I'm not surprised you're a special person

If schools are mandated to be gun free zones violence and danger are given an open invitation to enter. Almost all school shootings are in gun free zones. Cowards will only go where there is no deterrent!
The United States will not rest until we bring every American wrongfully detained in Iran and around the world back home to their loved ones! 
Sanctions were not discussed at my meeting with President Putin. Nothing will be done until the Ukrainian &amp; Syrian problems are solved!
BIGGEST STOCK MARKET RISE IN HISTORY YESTERDAY!
Congratulations to my friend David Wright of the @mets who is now their all-time hitting leader.
I am pleased to announce that Mick Mulvaney Director of the Office of Management &amp; Budget will be named Acting White House Chief of Staff replacing General John Kelly who has served our Country with distinction. Mick has done an outstanding job while in the Administration....
The Woodward book has already been refuted and discredited by General (Secretary of Defense) James Mattis and General (Chief of Staff) John Kelly. Their quotes were made up frauds a con on the public. Likewise other stories and quotes. Woodward is a Dem operative? Notice timing?
HOLD THE DATE! We will be having one of the biggest gatherings in the history of Washington D.C. on July 4th. It will be called “A Salute To America” and will be held at the Lincoln Memorial. Major fireworks display entertainment and an address by your favorite President me!
Tammy is a great person! 
Scary – in the past 90 days Obama has set over 6125 regulatory burdens  Terrible for the economy.
Gas prices are about to hit a record high during the Labor Day weekend. @BarackObama could have stopped this.
All the online polls have me winning the debate. I really enjoyed the evening. Not easy but good. 
Be tough be smart be personable but don't take things personally. That's good business.
I win awards for speaking-but the enemies either won't comment or will say only bad...leave Clint alone!
SHOCK! ObamaCare will cost double what @BarackObama promised -- over $1.76   -- and result (cont) 
I can't believe that the judge in the Oscar Pistorious case has found him not guilty of murder. No one has been more guilty since O.J.!
Terrible tragedy at the Empire State Building today. Must have fast trials and death penalty for the animals.
The hatred and extreme bias of me by @CNN has clouded their thinking and made them unable to function. But actually as I have always said this has been going on for a long time. Little Jeff Z has done a terrible job his ratings suck &amp; AT&amp;T should fire him to save credibility!
Watch this great behind the scenes video of @IvankaTrump's Spring 2013 photo shoot- 
Gas prices are up 30 cents this month rising 21 days in a row   Don't worry - @BarackObama has a solution--ALGAE!
Bring in 2014  @TrumpSoHo's  NYE soireé -- NYC's most exclusive New Year's Eve Party w/SoHi &amp; @VeuveClicquot 
Last night I was so proud to have signed the largest Defense Bill ever. The very vital Space Force was created. New planes ships missiles rockets and equipment of every kind and all made right here in the USA. Additionally we got Border Wall (being built) funding. Nice!
Ernie Els and myself at Trump National Doral. 
My @todayshow int. with @MLauer announcing the January 4th premiere &amp; cast of the 14th season of @
Thanks to @BarackObama rejecting the Keystone XL pipeline China has become Canada's biggest oil consumer. China is laughing at us!
Such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by @foxandfriends. "Spied on before nomination." The real story.
Ebola is much easier to transmit than the CDC and government representatives are admitting. Spreading all over Africa-and fast. Stop flights
#TBT As a young man when I proposed the Convention Center in New York City. 
“If you want to be the best you’d better be the best – in all aspects of business.” - Think Like a Billionaire
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing the @GOP convention @BarackObama's sealed records &amp; @SenatorReid's tax 
Anybody who watched all of Ted Cruz's far too long rambling overly flamboyant speech last nite would say that was his Howard Dean moment!
Congressman Keith Rothfus continues to do a great job for the people of Pennsylvania. Keith is strong on Crime the Border and our Second Amendment. Loves our Military and our Vets. He has my total Endorsement!
Via @Newsmax_Media: "Trump @oreillyfactor Make Up After Digs at Each Other" 
Fear defeats more people than any other one thing in the world. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
By popular demand I will be tweeting on the very tainted Academy Awards tonight!
I watched a portion of low rated (very) Morning Psycho (Joe) this Morning in order to see what Nancy Pelosi had to say &amp; what moves she was planning to further hurt our Country. Actually other than her usual complaining that I’m a terrible person she wasn’t bad. Still praying!
THE ROLLOUT OF OBAMACARE IS A TOTAL DISASTER AND AN EMBARRASSMENT TO OUR COUNTRY. THE WORLD IS WATCHING AND LAUGHING.$635000000 WEBSITE!

Russia wants him to win! 
JOIN ME IN OHIO TOMORROW!Springfield-1pm: 
Today we together won the Republican Nomination for President! 
The failing @nytimes story is so totally wrong on transition. It is going so smoothly. Also I have spoken to many foreign leaders.
Ebola's spread is 'unprecedented' says CDC chief  
Because of our terrible leaders it is now open season on every American throughout the world. Terrorists are thrilled.
The era of division is coming to an end. We will create a new future of #AmericanUnity. First we need to… 
Republicans Senators are working hard to get their failed ObamaCare replacement approved. I will be at my desk pen in hand!
I still can't believe we didn't t take the oil from Iraq.
Big announcement with my friend Ambassador Nikki Haley in the Oval Office at 10:30am.
Millions Could Get Surprise Tax Bills Under ‘Obamacare’ If They Don’t Accurately Project Their Income  \
Thank you for your support in Biloxi MS! Let's ALL get out &amp; VOTE in 2016 so we can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Based on the shoots- which silent film do you think will be better? #CelebApprentice
FACT ✔️ on “red line” in Syria: HRC "I wasn’t there." Fact: line drawn in Aug ’12. HRC Secy of State til Feb ’13. 
Thank you America! #Trump2016  
Some of the Fake News Media likes to say that I am not totally engaged in healthcare. Wrong I know the subject well &amp; want victory for U.S.
.@Macys was one of the worst performing stocks on the S&amp;P last year plunging 46%. Very disloyal company. Another win for Trump! Boycott.
Wow highest Poll Numbers in the history of the Republican Party. That includes Honest Abe Lincoln and Ronald Reagan. There must be something wrong please recheck that poll!
#3. Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing.
Re my hair-Should I change it? What do you think?
“@OMAROSA is a bit toxic” per @BrandenRoderick. Being a bit PC? #CelebApprentice
The Do Nothing Democrats are Con Artists only looking to hurt the Republican Party and President. Their total focus is 2020 nothing more and nothing less. The good news is that WE WILL WIN!!!!
Where’s the Collusion? They made up a phony crime called Collusion and when there was no Collusion they say there was Obstruction (of a phony crime that never existed). If you FIGHT BACK or say anything bad about the Rigged Witch Hunt they scream Obstruction!
Pat Caddell on Neil Cavuto tonight: "I've watched Donald Trump take on the issues of energy and he ties it to (cont) 
.@SteveScalise has written an absolutely fascinating book (BACK IN THE GAME) on the world of D.C. politics and more. He has experienced so much in a short period of time. Few people have had his bravery or courage and he has come all the way back. A big power and great person!
'Obama Warned Of Rigged Elections In 2008.' Time to # 
Congressman Andy Biggs is doing a great job for Arizona and our Country! 
Too bad I'll Have Another out of Belmont Stakes- interest now way down.
I bought the great Turnberry Resort today - considered by many to have the greatest golf course in the World. I will take good care of it!
...charge of the FISA court. He should direct the Presiding Judge Rosemary Collier to hold a hearing haul all of these people from the DOJ &amp; FBI in there &amp; if she finds there were crimes committed and there were there should be a criminal referral by her....” @GreggJarrett
There may or may not be National Security concerns with regard to Google and their relationship with China. If there is a problem we will find out about it. I sincerely hope there is not!!!
This is so true! 
Our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. We are not looking good we are not looking smart we are not looking tough!
Today I signed the Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act (#HR873.) The bill authorizes....cont➡️ 
'Podesta urged Clinton team to hand over emails after use of private server emerged' 
WEEKLY ADDRESS🇺🇸 
“The best thing ever to happen to Twitter is Donald Trump.” @MariaBartiromo  So true but they don’t treat me well as a Republican. Very discriminatory hard for people to sign on. Constantly taking people off list. Big complaints from many people. Different names-over 100 M.....
Thank you Cleveland Ohio! 
.@Toure when you are fired from MSNBC for your bad ratings and racist coverage stop by and say hello.
It was great spending time with @joniernst yesterday. She has done a fantastic job for the people of Iowa and U.S. Will see her again!
...I told Republicans to approve healthcare fast or this would happen. But don't worry I will veto because I love our country &amp; its people.
The Do Nothing Democrats. Thanks Vicky! 
Jay Sekulow on @foxandfriends now.

If we could force Russia China and other competitors to use ObamaCare we would be able to instantly destroy their great economic success!
I am in Japan at the G-20 representing our Country well but I heard it was not a good day for Sleepy Joe or Crazy Bernie. One is exhausted the other is nuts - so what’s the big deal?
My honor thank you.  
The public is learning (even more so) how dishonest the Fake News is. They totally misrepresent what I say about hate bigotry etc. Shame!
The Audacity of Ineptitude – ObamaCare website will cost over $1B    When will someone finally be held accountable?
Has anyone noticed that the top shows on @foxnews and cable ratings are those that are Fair (or great) to your favorite President me! Congratulations to @seanhannity for being the number one show on Cable Television!
The Democrats do not want to help DACA. Would be so easy to make a deal!
I think Joe Biden made correct decision for him &amp; his family. Personally I would rather run against Hillary because her record is so bad.
Isis terror group has now fully taken over large sections of Iraq and will soon have control of massive oil reserves. I told you so.
LIVE FACT-CHECK: Trump's RIGHT. The Clinton Foundation has taken MILLIONS from the Middle East. #DrainTheSwamp 
Van Jones: ‘There Is A Crack in the Blue Wall’ — It Has to Do With Trade: 
'U.S. Small-Business Optimism Index Surges by Most Since 1980'
“Our Country cannot afford for the Democrats in Congress to take a one year vacation from any productive legislation just because they would rather obsess over Impeachment. ISIS &amp; other radical terrorists are not going to hit the pause button because Democrats won’t fund......
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM...be sure to tune in.
The only thing keeping Tester alive is he has millions and millions of dollars from outside liberals and leftists who couldn’t care less about our Country!
Stay on message is the chant. I always do - trade jobs military vets 2nd A repeal Ocare borders etc - but media misrepresents!
Anyone associated with the 1994 Crime Bill will not have a chance of being elected. In particular African Americans will not be ble to vote for you. I on the other hand was responsible for Criminal Justice Reform which had tremendous support and helped fix the bad 1994 Bill!
Working hard thank you! 
Read the transcripts! 
NEW POLL: Trump Blue Collar Support highest since FDR in 1930s--WOW! 
Small crowds at @RedState today in Atlanta. People were very angry at EWErickson a major sleaze and buffoon who has saved me time and money
They should have rebuilt the two buildings of the World Trade Center exactly as they were except taller and stronger. A better statement!
Sleepyeyes Chuck Todd of Meet the Corrupt Press just had a “totally” softball interview with conman Adam Schiff never even calling Shifty out on his fraudulent statement to Congress where he made up ALL of the words of my conversation with the Ukrainian President! FAKE NEWS
Representative Ilhan Omar is again under fire for her terrible comments concerning Israel. Jewish groups have just sent a petition to Speaker Pelosi asking her to remove Omar from Foreign Relations Committee. A dark day for Israel!
“Nancy Pelosi said it’s not a question of proof it’s a question of allegations! Oh really?”  @JudgeJeanine @FoxNews  What a disgrace this Impeachment Scam is for our great Country!
Just landed in Argentina with @FLOTUS Melania! #G20Summit 
Via @BreitbartNews "TRUMP WINS NASHVILLE GRASSROOTS STRAW POLL WITH 52 PERCENT"- 
....and viciously telling the people of the United States the greatest and most powerful Nation on earth how our government is to be run. Why don’t they go back and help fix the totally broken and crime infested places from which they came. Then come back and show us how....
Great being with the National Champion Clemson Tigers last night at the White House. Because of the Shutdown I served them massive amounts of Fast Food (I paid) over 1000 hamburgers etc. Within one hour it was all gone. Great guys and big eaters!
I ask every member of the Maduro regime: End this nightmare of poverty hunger and death. LET YOUR PEOPLE GO. Set your country free! Now is the time for all Venezuelan Patriots to act together as one united people. Nothing could be better for the future of Venezuela!
...."we push for the removal of all trade-distorting practices....to foster a truly level playing field."
Will be Great! 
Happy birthday to the great @leegreenwood83. You and your beautiful song have made such a difference. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you South Carolina! Everyone has to get out and VOTE on 11/8/16. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain… 
We continue to lose our nation’s finest in Afghanistan almost daily. The Rules of Engagement are costing lives.
Crazy Maxine Waters: “After we impeach Trump we’ll go after Mike Pence. We’ll get him.”  @FoxNews  Where are the Democrats coming from? The best Economy in the history of our country would totally collapse if they ever took control!
Despite spending $500k a day on TV ads alone #CrookedHillary falls flat in nationwide @QuinnipiacPoll. Having ZERO impact. Sad!!
A 9th Circuit Judge just ruled that Mexico is too dangerous for migrants. So unfair to the U.S. OUT OF CONTROL! 
The reason for the China pullback &amp; attempted renegotiation of the Trade Deal is the sincere HOPE that they will be able to “negotiate” with Joe Biden or one of the very weak Democrats and thereby continue to ripoff the United States (($500 Billion a year)) for years to come....
Isn't it crazy that people of little or no talent or success can be so critical of those whose accomplishments are great with no retribution
Via @Newsmax_Media: "Trump Says He’ll Foot Bill for White House Tours" 
I really enjoyed last night's Tele-Town Hall with @ralphreed's Faith and Freedom Coalition. Thanks to the thousands who joined.
Negotiation is persuasion more than power. Negotiation includes a lot of fine lines--and that's what makes it an art.
Congratulations to @tedcruz on his Texas primary victory last night. He will be an outstanding Senator.
Thank you for joining me this afternoon New Hampshire! Will be back soon. #FollowTheMoneySpeech transcript:… 
Entrepreneurs: Keep an open mind. Business is a creative endeavor.
54% in Poll! I would be at 75% (with our great economy maybe the best ever) if not for the Phony Witch Hunt and the Fake News Media!
Democrats refusal to give even one vote for massive Tax Cuts is why we need Republican Roy Moore to win in Alabama. We need his vote on stopping crime illegal immigration Border Wall Military Pro Life V.A. Judges 2nd Amendment and more. No to Jones a Pelosi/Schumer Puppet!
Reality TV’s #1 Bad Girl @OMAROSA is back on the upcoming 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice.   She is great as always.
1.5M have already lost their health care plans thanks to ObamaCare   Defund now and Repeal later!
The unemployment numbers are tragic. We are letting the world take our jobs.  It has to stop!
Get ready- this should be informative and fun! #VPDebate
Russia must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the U.S. tears itself apart over a Democrat EXCUSE for losing the election.
...know how to do is resist and obstruct! This is why there is such hatred and dissension in our country – but at some point it will heal!
The more time you spend feeling sorry for yourself the more time you waste after a setback. Move on and quickly embrace the next challenge!
Tea Party takes down Eric Cantor - REALLY BIG WIN!
....We are substantially subsidizing the Militaries of many VERY rich countries all over the world while at the same time these countries take total advantage of the U.S. and our TAXPAYERS on Trade. General Mattis did not see this as a problem. I DO and it is being fixed!
....countries which are doing badly. I want a merit based system of immigration and people who will help take our country to the next level. I want safety and security for our people. I want to stop the massive inflow of drugs. I want to fund our military not do a Dem defund....
So horrible to watch the massive fire at Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris. Perhaps flying water tankers could be used to put it out. Must act quickly!
The tragedy in South Carolina is incomprehensible. My deepest condolences to all.
It always happens! When a Conservative does even a fraction of what Chris Cuomo did with his lunatic ranting raving &amp; cursing they get destroyed by the Fake News. But when a Liberal Democrat like Chris Cuomo does it Republicans immediately come to his defense. We never learn!
This is the simple fact about @HillaryClinton: she is a typical politician - all talk no action. #Debates2016
ObamaCare will destroy small business--the backbone of America's economy.

I hope we never find life on another planet because if we do there's no doubt that the United States will start sending them money!
Everyone is talking about the incredible event we had in Dallas last night. Spectacular crowd &amp; arena! Thank you @mcuban.
Justice Roberts can say what he wants but the 9th Circuit is a complete &amp; total disaster. It is out of control has a horrible reputation is overturned more than any Circuit in the Country 79% &amp; is used to get an almost guaranteed result. Judges must not Legislate Security...
Thank you Elise! 
Fantastic to have 400000 GREAT MEN &amp; WOMEN of Rolling Thunder in D.C. showing their patriotism. They love our Country they love our Flag they stand for our National Anthem! Thanks to Executive Director Artie Muller.
WITCH HUNT!
We will be forced to close the Southern Border entirely if the Obstructionist Democrats do not give us the money to finish the Wall &amp; also change the ridiculous immigration laws that our Country is saddled with. Hard to believe there was a Congress &amp; President who would approve!
What is Obama thinking? 
....just the large States - the Cities would end up running the Country. Smaller States &amp; the entire Midwest would end up losing all power - &amp; we can’t let that happen. I used to like the idea of the Popular Vote but now realize the Electoral College is far better for the U.S.A.
When will @BarackObama release an actual budget?
.@BarbaraJWalters @theviewtv will apologize to me just like she did when I was right about @Rosie. Besides I get great ratings on The View.
Entrepreneurs: Seek opportunity and see opportunity as a perk. You never know what will evolve. Keep an open mind!
“Borrowing and spending is not the way to prosperity.” -- @PaulRyanVP
However beautiful the strategy you should occasionally look at the results. -- Winston Churchill
More Anti-Catholic Emails From Team Clinton:  
Thank you for a great evening - Laconia New Hampshire -- will be back soon! # 
Open enrollment starts today on lower-priced Medicare Advantage plans so loved by our great seniors. Crazy Bernie and his band of Congressional Dems will outlaw these plans. Disaster!
52% in the new Rasmussen Poll. 95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
Just announced that because of "Trump" advertising rates for debate on @CNN are going from $5000 to $200000 a 4000% increase.PAY CHARITY?
I have determined that it is time to officially recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. I am also directing the State Department to begin preparation to move the American Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem... 
Steven Tyler got more publicity on his song request than he’s gotten in ten years. Good for him!
The Fake News refuses to talk about how Big and how Strong our BASE is. They show Fake Polls just like they report Fake News. Despite only negative reporting we are doing well - nobody is going to beat us. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#Obamacare premiums are about to SKYROCKET --- again. Crooked H will only make it worse. We will repeal &amp; replace! 
To the @BarackObama administration saving money isn't the point--expanding government and spending more (cont)  18:37:41,46,6,false,161517977768968192TwitLonger Beta,I have great respect for the people that represent China. What I don't respect is the way that we negotiate and (cont) 
The United States and the European Union have a $1 TRILLION bilateral trade relationship – the largest economic relationship in the world. We want to further strengthen this trade relationship to the benefit of all American and European citizens... 
State Rep Greg Murphy is running for Congress in North Carolina District 3. We really need Greg in Washington. He is great w/ the Military our Vets &amp; your 2A. Strong on Crime and the Border has had my Total Endorsement for a long time. Please vote for Greg on September 10th!
Rambling and stumbling @hardball_chris is as dumb as a rock!
Join me live in Waukesha Wisconsin for an 8pmE rally! #AmericaFirst #
Dummy Beto made it much harder to make a deal. Convinced many that Dems just want to take your guns away. Will continue forward! 
The United States must at long last be treated fairly on Trade. If we charge a country ZERO to sell their goods and they charge us 25 50 or even 100 percent to sell ours it is UNFAIR and can no longer be tolerated. That is not Free or Fair Trade it is Stupid Trade!
I hope everybody is having a FANTASTIC Christmas! No matter how tough things may seem remember that you will ride it out &amp; go on to victory!
Donna Brazile Shreds Obama Economy - Acting DNC chair says 'people are more in despair about how things are' 
There’s never been anyone more abusive to women in politics than Bill Clinton.My words were unfortunate-the Clintons’ actions were far worse
Rick Perry is right when he says we must stand by Israel in the UN.
Thank you! #ImWithYou 
Via @njdotcom by Eugene R. Dunn Medford: "Donald Trump towers over GOP field"  "They hate us because they ain't us."
....and if Republicans win in court and take back the House of Represenatives your healthcare that I have now brought to the best place in many years will become the best ever by far. I will always protect your Pre-Existing Conditions the Dems will not!
For two years all the Democrats talked about was the Mueller Report because they knew that it was loaded up with 13 Angry Democrat Trump Haters later increased to 18. But despite the bias when the Report came out the findings were No Collusion and facts that led to........
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. (Eastern). Enjoy!
Schumer &amp; the Democrats are hurting our Country. Senate Republicans must take BOLD ACTION! 
“He’s got to explain this. How did Hunter Biden get a billion and a half dollars (from China) to invest when he’d been in business for 60 days?” @LindseyGrahamSC @FoxNews
...the worst weeks ever.” She could have had a much better week if Crazy Nancy who is the most overrated person in politics (going to lose the House a second time) didn’t bring the phony &amp; corrupt Impeachment Hoax. Dems can’t do anything right just look at the Iowa vote count!
Tonight I will be signing copies of #TimeToGetTough in Westbury at Costco 1250 Old Country Rd from 6 pm to 8 pm
Union Leader refuses to comment as to why they were kicked out of the ABC News debate like a dog. For starters try getting a new publisher!
My daughter @IvankaTrump will be on @Greta tonight at 7pm. Enjoy! 
.@CNN is the worst.They go to their dumb one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for Trump! VAST MAJORITY want: Make America Great Again!
Crooked H is nasty to Sanders supporters behind closed doors. Owned by Wall St and Politicians HRC is not with you. 
Great job Thom! 
Via @WBJonline by @WBJHolan: “Donald Trump hints at presidential run promises 'great luxury hotel' for D.C.” 
Will be going to Dayton Ohio and El Paso Texas tomorrow to meet with First Responders Law Enforcement and some of the victims of the terrible shootings.
Which National Costume do you think should win? 
Trade between China and North Korea grew almost 40% in the first quarter. So much for China working with us - but we had to give it a try!
Tomorrow we'll be going to Panama for the opening of our new hotel. It's a fantastic building in a fantastic location. 
I was #1 on Twitter -- and so positive. Thank you! 
Canada's PM was in China last week brokering a deal to sell the oil @BarackObama rejected in Keystone.    Unbelievable!
Entrepreneurs: There are no guarantees. But being ready sure beats being taken by surprise. Do your due diligence!
Don't attack Syria - an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the U.S. Focus on making our country strong and great again!
I call for the Resignation of everybody at The New York Times involved in the Kavanaugh SMEAR story and while you’re at it the Russian Witch Hunt Hoax which is just as phony! They’ve taken the Old Grey Lady and broken her down destroyed her virtue and ruined her reputation...
Thank you to all of my great supporters really big progress being made. Other countries wanting to fix crazy trade deals. Economy is ROARING. Supreme Court pick getting GREAT REVIEWS. New Poll says Trump at over 90% is the most popular Republican in history of the Party. Wow!
Made a speech in Arkansas last night before a record GOP crowd. Great spirit and amazing people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Breitbart News Network  via @BreitbartNews
.@Lord_Sugar How did you enjoy Mar-a-Lago? It was nice having you there--my people thought you were terrific!
Word is spreading that I got a tattoo - no way I am not a fan!
After tearing W Bush down for 12 years now the media loves him. Why not? He gave them Obama.
Mogul Donald Trump has many powerful friends. And it turns out one of them is Anna Wintour.”  via @FoxNews,12-11-2012 19:33:45,20,14,false,278583370378792960Twitter Web Client,Donald Trump: Anna Wintour Ambassadorship Would Be ‘A Favor To The Country’"  via @mediaite
Please send a psychiatrist to help @Rosie she’s in a bad state. To @Rosie’s girlfriend’s parents--- get (cont) 
Congratulations to Patrick Yoes for his election as National President of the great Fraternal Order of Police. Together we will fight for our incredible Law Enforcement Officers!
Great speech on China by @PaulRyanVP yesterday where he explains why China is treating @BarackObama like a "Doormat" 
Our people want to return to work. They will practice Social Distancing and all else and Seniors will be watched over protectively &amp; lovingly. We can do two things together. THE CURE CANNOT BE WORSE (by far) THAN THE PROBLEM! Congress MUST ACT NOW. We will come back strong!
The #Hyperlapse app in @TrumpTowerNY- 
The @CelebApprentice will be broadcast tonight on @CNBC at 9 PM.
Congratulations to Maxine Waters whose crazy rants have made her together with Nancy Pelosi the unhinged FACE of the Democrat Party. Together they will Make America Weak Again! But have no fear America is now stronger than ever before and I’m not going anywhere!
Happy 5th Anniversary to @TrumpWaikiki&lt; Can't believe it's already been 5 years..
We will push onward to victory w/hope in our hearts courage in our souls &amp; everlasting pride in each &amp; every one of you. God Bless America. 
.....are so many opposing view (on Border and Safety) cases filed there and why are a vast number of those cases overturned. Please study the numbers they are shocking. We need protection and security - these rulings are making our country unsafe! Very dangerous and unwise!
....And then think what happens to China when I win. Deal would get MUCH TOUGHER! In the meantime China’s Supply Chain will crumble and businesses jobs and money will be gone!
Secretary of State Pompeo recieved permission from Ukraine Government to release the transcript of the telephone call I had with their President. They don’t know either what the big deal is. A total Witch Hunt Scam by the Democrats!
...Dianne is the person leading our Nation on “Collusion” with Russia (only done by Dems). Will she now investigate herself? 
Worst Polls just like in 2016 when they were so far off the mark are the @FoxNews Polls. Why doesn’t Fox finally get a competent Polling Company?
We are here today to award America’s highest military honor to a fallen hero who made the supreme sacrifice for our nation – Staff Sergeant Travis Atkins...
#TBT With my family growing up- I'm on the left. 
... among ABC CBS and NBC in the key news demo of adults....
I will be ON THE RECORD with Greta Van Susteren @gretawire tonight at 7 pm eastern/FOX News Channel
Obama should play golf with Republicans &amp; opponents rather than his small group of friends. That way maybe the terrible gridlock would end.
I never called Meghan Markle “nasty.” Made up by the Fake News Media and they got caught cold! Will @CNN @nytimes and others apologize? Doubt it!
Heading over to Walter Reed Medical Center to see our great First Lady Melania. Successful procedure she is in good spirits. Thank you to all of the well-wishers!
In the coming months and years ahead I look forward to building an even STRONGER relationship between the United States and China. 🇺🇸🇨🇳 
Don't forget to tune in tonight to see another unpredictable and exciting episode of The Apprentice-- 10 pm on NBC
....reports are coming. Comey very vulnerable. But where is the Supreme Court. Where is Justice Roberts? If you lie to a court you should be held in contempt. So if you abused the FISA you must be held accountable. I hope Justice Roberts will take action.” Jason Chaffetz Fox
.@RogerJStoneJr was great on @TheKudlowReport last night. Roger and Larry are good friends!
Walking into Madison Square Garden last night with @danawhite for the big @UFC Championship fight was a little bit like walking into a Trump Rally. Plenty of MAGA &amp; KAG present. Great energy. Fantastic job Dana! Heading to D.C. and then to Kentucky for a big @MattBevin Rally...
Happy St. Patrick’s Day! ☘️ 
The E.U. and China will further lower interest rates and pump money into their systems making it much easier for their manufacturers to sell product. In the meantime and with very low inflation our Fed does nothing - and probably will do very little by comparison. Too bad!
.@PolitiTrends @realdonaldtrump is dominating the discussion on Twitter with 79352 mentions today (via  )
“The best economy in our lifetime!” @IngrahamAngle
Rush is right. @limbaugh and I have both created more jobs than @BarackObama...in fact far more jobs!
....In my opinion the Washington Post is nothing more than an expensive (the paper loses a fortune) lobbyist for Amazon. Is it used as protection against antitrust claims which many feel should be brought?
Heading over to@Kelly and Michael re. Apprentice!
Thank you @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy! Couldn’t agree w/you more. TOGETHER we are #MAGA🇺🇸 
Mechanical dog is going to be trending tonight. #MechanicalDog #CelebApprentice
What a disgraceful legal system for this guy to still be around after all of these years. A vicious killer who destroyed so many great people &amp; families! 
Schiff is a lowlife who should resign (at least!). 
“The President has never asked me to do anything in a criminal case.” A.G. Barr  This doesn’t mean that I do not have as President the legal right to do so I do but I have so far chosen not to!
Go get the new book on Andrew Jackson by Brian Kilmeade...Really good. @foxandfriends
Young entrepreneurs across the US are trying to make deals &amp; build businesses daily. Stay positive think big &amp; big things will happen
We can all agree that AMERICA is now #1. We are the ENVY of the WORLD — and the best is yet to come! 
Remember it was Buzzfeed that released the totally discredited “Dossier” paid for by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats (as opposition research) on which the entire Russian probe is based! A very sad day for journalism but a great day for our Country!
Our big and very popular Tax Cut and Reform Bill has taken on an unexpected new source of “love” - that is big companies and corporations showering their workers with bonuses. This is a phenomenon that nobody even thought of and now it is the rage. Merry Christmas!
Yesterday’s Never Trumper witness could find NO Quid Pro Quo in the Transcript of the phone call. There were many people listening to the call. How come they (including the President of Ukraine) found NOTHING wrong with it. Witch Hunt!
Just received huge applause when I said Berghdal should be sent back to Afghanistan! @SRQRepublicans speech is sold out with record crowd.
Huff post gets it wrong re: Ferry Point...the only leakage of gas is from Arianna Huffington.
Congratulations to @David_Bossie &amp; his team @Citizens_United on their important court win for the First Amendment! 
Brian Kemp who is running for Governor of Georgia and has my full endorsement is campaigning tonight with VP @mike_pence. Brian is very strong on Crime and Borders LOVES our Military Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He will be a GREAT Governor!
Scary--America would have had to pay all its GDP to the government to cover @BarackObama's real 2011 budget deficit 
Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself! If you don't no one else will either.
So true! 
Hope that all House Republicans will vote against Crazy Nancy Pelosi’s War Powers Resolution. Also remember her “speed &amp; rush” in getting the Impeachment Hoax voted on &amp; done. Well she never sent the Articles to the Senate. Just another Democrat fraud. Presidential Harassment!
Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach is one of the great palazzos of the world with a fantastic history. 
While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi &amp; China to help with North Korea it has not worked out. At least I know China tried!
Can’t believe the @washingtonpost wrote a positive front page story “Unity Issue Has Parties Pointing To Trump. GOP Goes All In While Democrats Clash Over Ideology &amp; Tactics. Mr. President We Are With You The Entire Way. REPUBLICANS Have....Coalesced Around Trump.”.....
Ask Sally Yates under oath if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Council.
Leakin’ James Comey must have set a record for who lied the most to Congress in one day. His Friday testimony was so untruthful! This whole deal is a Rigged Fraud headed up by dishonest people who would do anything so that I could not become President. They are now exposed!
...on Monday assume duties as the acting Administrator of the EPA. I have no doubt that Andy will continue on with our great and lasting EPA agenda. We have made tremendous progress and the future of the EPA is very bright!
Thank you Novi Michigan! Get out and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8. Together WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!… 
...Those stupid people bought @mcuban's company (of which he owned a piece).
Way to go Jerry. This is what the league should do! 
BIG NIGHT FOR THE REPUBLICAN PARTY. CONGRATULATIONS TO ALL!
.@mcuban Shark Tank was shoved to Friday evening-- Friday is considered “dead television.” Besides you are not the star (&amp; never will be).
The greatest commodity to own is land. It is finite. God is not making any more of it.
China already charges a tax of 16% on soybeans. Canada has all sorts of trade barriers on our Agricultural products. Not acceptable!
Polls are showing tremendous disapproval of Lamestream Media coverage of the Virus crisis. The Fake News just hasn’t figured that out yet!
Based on the historic currency manipulation by China it is now even more obvious to everyone that Americans are not paying for the Tariffs – they are being paid for compliments of China and the U.S. is taking in tens of Billions of Dollars! China has always....
WHO CHANGED THE LONG STANDING WHISTLEBLOWER RULES JUST BEFORE SUBMITTAL OF THE FAKE WHISTLEBLOWER REPORT? DRAIN THE SWAMP!
There must be a higher standard of accuracy in the media. Incredible that some so-called "journalists" can make up lies and get away with it
Not looking good for our great Military or Safety &amp; Security on the very dangerous Southern Border. Dems want a Shutdown in order to help diminish the great success of the Tax Cuts and what they are doing for our booming economy.
Obama administration is killing American industrial renaissance by stopping drilling and fracking. Terrible for economy.
Mike Pompeo is doing a great job I am very proud of him. His predecessor Rex Tillerson didn’t have the mental capacity needed. He was dumb as a rock and I couldn’t get rid of him fast enough. He was lazy as hell. Now it is a whole new ballgame great spirit at State!
ObamaCare will increase individual market premiums by 99% for men and 62% for women  DEFUND!! #MakeDCListen
...I remain ready and willing to work with Democrats to pass a bill that secures our borders supports the agents and officers on the ground and keeps America Safe. Let’s get it done!
U.S. Cancer Death Rate Lowest In Recorded History! A lot of good news coming out of this Administration.
People get what is going on! 
Thank you @JennaEllisRives really well done! 
Wow! 
Trade with China has killed over 29% of US manufacturing jobs in the US  China is robbing us blind!
Many Republican Senators want me to Veto the FISA Bill until we find out what led to and happened with the illegal attempted “coup” of the duly elected President of the United States and others!
Polls show that the hurricane had a huge positive effect for Obama on his win- isn't that ridiculous?
A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him. --General Douglas MacArthur
The Wall is under construction and moving along quickly despite all of the Radical Liberal Democrat lawsuits. What are they thinking as our Country is invaded by so many people (illegals) and things (Drugs) that we do not want. Make America Great Again!
ObamaCare is one of the greatest threats our country faces.  It is unsustainable and will lead America into complete insolvency.
The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails which should never have been written (stupid) because Putin likes me
Great seeing @MarianoRivera w/@realDonaldTrump at @TrumpTowerNY for @EricTrumpFdn!  
THANK YOU! #Trump2020🇺🇸 
Tell Jennifer Williams whoever that is to read BOTH transcripts of the presidential calls &amp; see the just released ststement from Ukraine. Then she should meet with the other Never Trumpers who I don’t know &amp; mostly never even heard of &amp; work out a better presidential attack!
Just leaving. Incredible Complex. JOBS! JOBS! JOBS! 
Had a great time hosting the Palm Beach County Republican at Mar-a-Lago.  @IngrahamAngle gave a strong speech.  She’s great!
Great talk with my friend President Mauricio Macri of Argentina this week. He is doing such a good job for Argentina. I support his vision for transforming his country’s economy and unleashing its potential!
In trade military and EVERYTHING else it will be AMERICA FIRST! This will quickly lead to our ultimate goal: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Little Adam Schiff who is desperate to run for higher office is one of the biggest liars and leakers in Washington right up there with Comey Warner Brennan and Clapper! Adam leaves closed committee hearings to illegally leak confidential information. Must be stopped!
So important for our Country that the very simple and basic “Are you a Citizen of the United States?” question be allowed to be asked in the 2020 Census. Department of Commerce and the Department of Justice are working very hard on this even on the 4th of July!
Over the next 13 months we are going to fight with all of our heart and soul – and we are going to win the Great State of Minnesota in 2020! #TrumpMinneapolis #KAG2020 
Hope we all enjoy  @60Minutes tomorrow night. I do believe they will treat me fairly!
Young entrepreneurs – be resolute in your drive for success. Gain momentum. Once you succeed promote yourself!
Will be going to North Dakota today to discuss tax reform and tax cuts. We are the highest taxed nation in the world - that will change.
“If you are passionate about your endeavors it will be reflected back to you in your end result.” – Trump Never Give Up
Does Bush’s library have a wing featuring Supreme Court Justice Jon Robert’s ObamaCare ruling? Roberts was his prize appointee!
If "The Art of the Deal" is a must read then #TimeToGetTough" is my opus.  It is available Dec 5th!
.@tedcruz must be doing something right if @cher sadly rated “the 4th ugliest celebrity” according to @listverse is attacking him.
Congratulations to the White House. For every 1 ObamaCare enrollment there are 44 cancellation notices. Very unfair!
.@Omarosa has another meltdown … while giving a check for $40000 to Michael’s charity the Sue Duncan Center. #CelebApprentice
Vanity Fair is failing. Newstand sales are down 20 percent--2nd most for major magazines and the magazine has (cont) 
Good luck to the people of Scotland whatever their decision may be on Thursday. The whole world is watching—really exciting!
Today I took action to strengthen our Nation’s defenses against biological threats. For the first time in history the Federal Government has a National Biodefense Strategy to address the FULL RANGE of biological threats! 
Remember when Jeb gave Hillary a medal on the 1 year anniversary of Benghazi?!  Guess he would have invaded Libya too!
.@NikWallenda #Skywire As much credit as he's been given he wasn’t given enough credit for his incredible feat over Grand Canyon.
Crooked Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months. Her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions!
Each year America pauses to remember its fallen astronaut heroes and the great accomplishments for which they strived. @FLOTUS Melania and I mourn their passing and take to heart the lessons of their lives and the greater human potential to which they continue to inspire. 
I call my own shots largely based on an accumulation of data and everyone knows it. Some FAKE NEWS media in order to marginalize lies!

“MUELLER’S PARTISAN WITCH HUNT!” 
“They just wanted to get at the President. They had no intention of having a proper investigation. They couldn’t find any crimes so they did a vague abuse of power and abuse of Congress which every administration from the beginning has done.” @RepDougCollins @foxandfriends
Thank you @billoreilly &amp; @KarlRove. Ted Cruz should be immediately disqualified in Iowa with each candidate moving up one notch.
On the whole the teams seem to be working well together. No wars...yet.
Gov. John Kasich has really failed on the campaign trail. I thought he would have been far more talented. He is just wasting time &amp; money!
It means so much to me- receiving an endorsement from Phyllis Schlafly. A truly great woman &amp; conservative. 
If America was under the threat of imminent attack would Obama use torture or a kiss?
The winner of Best in Show at the Westminster Kennel Club Show Miss P will be coming to my office this morning.
.@BlairKamin Sorry sucker as usual you lose again. You couldn't work for me for 10 seconds. Bad critic-- great sign. 
Thank you for hosting! #MAGA 
I will sign the first bill to repeal #Obamacare and give Americans many choices and much lower rates!
A disgraceful verdict in the Kate Steinle case! No wonder the people of our Country are so angry with Illegal Immigration.
A full &amp; complete Endorsement for @RepDonBacon who is doing a great job. Strong on crime loves our Military Vets &amp; 2A! 
Via WSOC_TV: "Donald Trump's son says family thinking about expanding in uptown Charlotte"  Great job @EricTrump
My video response to President Obama's lack of transparency. 
Republicans are doing so well in early voting and at the polls and now this “Bomb” stuff happens and the momentum greatly slows - news not talking politics. Very unfortunate what is going on. Republicans go out and vote!
....and I did not increase their second traunch of Tariffs to 25% on March 1st. This is very important for our great farmers - and me!
Despite the establishment and the media’s best efforts the people are speaking loudly and clearly. Thank you to my amazing supporters!
.@WalkerStapleton will be an extraordinary Governor for the State of Colorado. He is strong smart and has been successful at everything he has ever done....
Our Border Control Agents have done an incredible job under very adverse conditions. I am very proud to have increased their salaries because of the great job they do. Nobody deserves it more. THANK YOU and keep up the outstanding work! 
Join me in Atlanta on Wednesday- at noon! #Trump2016Tickets:  
Public opinion has turned strongly against the Rigged Witch Hunt and the “Special” Counsel because the public understands that there was no  Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous) that the two FBI lovers were a fraud against our Nation &amp; that the only Collusion was with the Dems!
“Advertising is totally unnecessary. Unless you hope to make money.”  - Jef I. Richards
Big Rally in Kentucky on Monday night for a man who has worked really hard &amp; done a GREAT job Governor @MattBevin. Kentucky is having the best economic year ever under Matt’s leadership. He is a fantastic guy who loves our Military our Vets and our 2nd Amendment. Vote Tuesday!
How do you take care of our people if you don't make anything? We don't make anything. We are rapidly losing our manufacturing to China etc.
Countries are coming to us wanting to negotiate REAL trade deals not the one sided horror show deals made by past administrations. They don’t want to be targeted for Tariffs by the U.S.
I didn't start the fight with Lyin'Ted Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania he did. He knew the PAC was putting it out - hence Lyin' Ted!
Main Street is BOOMING thanks to our incredible TAX CUT and Reform law. "This shows small-business owners are more than just optimistic they are ready to grow their businesses." 
It is also amazing how comments can be edited to provide statements that are used in a knowingly incorrect manner.
Am in Bedminster for meetings &amp; press conference on V.A. &amp; all that we have done and are doing to make it better-but Charlottesville sad!
We are in the NAFTA (worst trade deal ever made) renegotiation process with Mexico &amp; Canada.Both being very difficultmay have to terminate?
Honored to have Republican Congressional Leadership join me at the @WhiteHouse this evening. Lots to discuss as we continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
The cast of the new season of apprenticenbc. Premieres January 4th on NBC. 
Officials behind the now discredited "Dossier" plead the Fifth. Justice Department and/or FBI should immediately release who paid for it.
#ArmyNavyGame🇺🇸 
As hard as it is to believe sexting pervert Anthony Weiner is leading in some polls for Mayor of NYC.
The Democrats now own the shutdown!
I would have had millions of votes more in the primaries (than Crooked Hillary) if I only had one opponent instead of sixteen. Broke record
Once Iran has nuclear weapons they will shut down the Strait of Hormuz.  Oil will be over $300/Barrel. Iran'… (cont) 
.@hardball_chris’ very small audience is shrinking rapidly because people finally understand that he is very very dumb!
MERRY CHRISTMAS!! 
Republicans are fighting for citizens from every background every community &amp; every walk of life. We are the party of boundless optimism excitement energy &amp; enthusiasm. We are welcoming Americans of all parties &amp; political persuasions to join our incredible movement to #MAGA! 
Thank you! 
Having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing not a bad thing. Only "stupid" people or fools would think that it is bad! We.....
“Everyone's dream can come true if you just stick to it and work hard.” - @serenawilliams
Let’s get out of Afghanistan. Our troops are being killed by the Afghanis we train and we waste billions there. Nonsense!  Rebuild the USA.
I refuse to call Megyn Kelly a bimbo because that would not be politically correct. Instead I will only call her a lightweight reporter!
The debate last night proved that Hillary is running against the “B” team. She won’t be so lucky when it comes to me!
Who is winning the debate so far (just last name)? #DemDebate
Thank you to our U.S. Navy for protecting our country both in times of peace &amp; war. Together WE WILL MAKE AMERICA… 
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
Read the Transcripts!
Why has all time hits leader Pete Rose paid a 20 year price whrn A-Rod gets 200 game penalty. It's time to let Pete into The Hall of Fame!
Ron DeSantis Iraq vet Navy hero bronze star Yale Harvard Law running for Congress in Fla. Very impressive. 

“Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats can’t put down the Impeachment match. They know they couldn’t beat him in 2016 against Hillary Clinton and they’re increasingly aware of the fact that they won’t win against him in 2020 and Impeachment is the only tool they have to get....
Watch Obama's favorability numbers drop even further if he doesn't accept my charitable offer. No one approves (cont) 
The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. @MSNBC &amp; @CNN are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great!
Nice to see that one of my best pupils is still a giant Trump fan. Steve joined me after I won the primaries but I loved working with him! 
My contract with the American voter will restore honesty accountability &amp; CHANGE to Washington! #DrainTheSwamp 
Thank you Cadillac Michigan! #VoteTrumpMI on 3/8/2016. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Why is that Hillary Clintons family and Dems dealings with Russia are not looked at but my non-dealings are?
Will be on Meet the Press with @ChuckTodd tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
Ted Cruz is incensed that I want to refocus NATO on terrorism as well as current mission but also want others to PAY FAIR SHARE a must!
On at 9:00A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on your location)  on Fox is a tough but really good interview with Chris Wallace. Enjoy!
....terrible thing to watch especially when things could be taken care of sooo easily. We will WIN anyway but it would be much easier if the Fed understood which they don’t that we are competing against other countries all of whom want to do well at our expense!
Must read column for all young people: "Obama's war on young voters who elected him"  
Thanks you for all of the Trump Rallies today. Amazing support. We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.@MissUSA Erin Brady is doing a fantastic job representing Trump Miss USA.  Smart gorgeous--a really positive force!
“The world is changing very fast. Big will not beat small anymore. It will be the fast beating the slow.” - @rupertmurdoch
The failing New York Daily News knowingly incorrectly reported that I wanted to speak at the Republican National Convention--wrong!
As I predicted all along Obamacare has been struck down as an UNCONSTITUTIONAL disaster! Now Congress must pass a STRONG law that provides GREAT healthcare and protects pre-existing conditions. Mitch and Nancy get it done!
My @TheBrodyFile int. discussing the persecution of Christians in the Middle East &amp; Religious Liberty &amp; Freedom 
A recent Emerson College ePoll said that most Americans especially Hispanics feel that they are better off under President Trump than they were under President Obama.
The Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. No recognition - SAD!
Congratulations to Gregg Jarrett on his book “THE RUSSIA HOAX THE ILLICIT SCHEME TO CLEAR HILLARY CLINTON AND FRAME DONALD TRUMP” going to #1 on @nytimes and Amazon. It is indeed a HOAX and WITCH HUNT illegally started by people who have already been disgraced. Great book!
Charlie Hebdo reminds me of the "satirical" rag magazine Spy that was very dishonest and nasty and went bankrupt. Charlie was also broke!
Wow l just found out that A.G. Schneiderman met with President Obama in Syracuse on Thursday --- and sued me on Saturday! Same as IRS etc.
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
Congratulations to Boys and Girls Nation. It was my great honor to welcome you to the WH today! Full Remarks:  
Our United States team has arrived in North Korea to make arrangements for the Summit between Kim Jong Un and myself. I truly believe North Korea has brilliant potential and will be a great economic and financial Nation one day. Kim Jong Un agrees with me on this. It will happen!
Things are really getting ridiculous. The Failing and Crooked (but not as Crooked as Hillary Clinton) @nytimes has done a long &amp; boring story indicating that the World’s most expensive Witch Hunt has found nothing on Russia &amp; me so now they are looking at the rest of the World!
....in New York and another reason they are leaving. Taxes and energy costs are way too high Upstate is being allowed to die as other nearby states frack &amp; drill for Gold (oil) while reducing taxes &amp; creating jobs by the thousands. NYC is getting dirty &amp; unsafe again as....
Went to the Yankees game last night with Bill O'Reilly--we had a great time watching the Yankees win!
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Will be talking about the poor treatment of our veterans illegal immigration etc.
Going up fast. We need the Wall more than ever! 
Thank you Indiana! Will be back soon!#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
#CelebrityApprentice Paul Teutul Sr. joined me for a press event in Trump Tower last week- 
“Trump: ‘No way’ Bush Romney would win in 2016”  via @FoxNews by Barnini Chakraborty
A total lightweight: @JonHuntsman continues to give the worst responses on China in the debates. I can see why (cont) 
Now that it’s almost over I can’t believe that unions &amp; management couldn’t save Twinkies etc--&amp; management just got a $1.75M  bonus.
Just landed at Fort Drum New York. Looking forward to making a speech about our GREAT HEROES!
Polls close at 6pm! #INPrimary #Trump2016 #VoteTrump 
President Obama put himself in a very bad position when he talked about Syria crossing the RED LINE. Amazingly now he denies he said that!
At the foot of Whitestone Bridge in the Bronx @TrumpFerryPoint offers  fantastic views of the Manhattan skyline  
It's Wednesday how much money is China stealing from us today?
Thank you to Kanye West and the fact that he is willing to tell the TRUTH. One new and great FACT - African American unemployment is the lowest ever recorded in the history of our Country. So honored by this. Thank you Kanye for your support. It is making a big difference!
Out of hundreds of deals &amp; transactions I have used the bankruptcy laws a few times to make deals better. Nothing personal just business.
One of the best moves I made early in my career was buying the air rights from Tiffany's flagship. Trump Tower gleams over Fifth Avenue.
You can change your vote in six states. So now that you see that Hillary was a big mistake change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

The Democrats have stacked the deck against President Trump and the Republicans. They have leaked out everything. @SteveDoocy @foxandfriends

Bernie Sanders “The Economy is doing well and I’m sure I don’t have to give Trump any credit - I’m sure he’ll take all the credit that he wants.” Wrong Bernie the Economy is doing GREAT and would have CRASHED if my opponent (and yours) Crooked Hillary Clinton had ever won!
#trumpvlog The Republicans must act now don't let @barackobama push you around.... 
I'll be discussing a variety of topics tonight with Greta Van Susteren 10 p.m. on Fox News. It will be the first of a two part series.
“If you like your plan you keep it.” = “Gruber is just some adviser.” Two of Obama’s greatest lies told to the American public.
“China is eating the Tariffs.” Billions pouring into USA. Targeted Patriot Farmers getting massive Dollars from the incoming Tariffs! Good Jobs Numbers No Inflation(Fed). China having worst year in decades. Talks happening good for all!
The debate was pretty even but I thought Mitt should have been much more aggressive on Obama's failed foreign policy-- and I mean much more.
...yet not one meeting with an ally (or an enemy!) Where's the media?
Jeb Bush gave five different answers in four days on whether or not we should have invaded Iraq.He is so confused.Not presidential material!
...Four reporters spotted Melania in the White House last week walking merrily along to a meeting. They never reported the sighting because it would hurt the sick narrative that she was living in a different part of the world was really ill or whatever. Fake News is really bad!
“Donald Trump To Be In Mason City June 4th”   via @KCHA
“The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.” - @Oprah
Beautiful ceremony today in Paris commemorating the end of World War One. Many World leaders in attendance. Thank you to @EmmanuelMacron President of France! Now off to Suresnes American Cemetery to make speech in honor of our great heroes! Then back to the U.S.A.
Today I was pleased to announce the official approval of the presidential permit for the #KeystonePipeline. A grea… 
TRAIN WRECK just the beginning. Our roads airports tunnels bridges electric grid - all falling apart.I can fix for 20% of pols &amp; better
What will we get for bombing Syria besides more debt and a possible long term conflict? Obama needs Congressional approval.
Getting ready to go to Iowa today. Big crowd - will be a great day!
Great news. @MariaBartiromo just renewed her deal with Fox. I don’t care how much they paid her they got a beautiful bargain. Congratulations to both!
Dummy writer @tonyschwartz who wanted to do a second book with me for years (I said no) is now a hostile basket case who feels jilted!
Today’s shooting in El Paso Texas was not only tragic it was an act of cowardice. I know that I stand with everyone in this Country to condemn today’s hateful act. There are no reasons or excuses that will ever justify killing innocent people....
“Pelosi’s stall tactics expose the weakness of Democrat’s impeachment case.” @GreggJarrett @FoxNews
Intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results. Voting machines not touched!
Great going to Bob Kraft &amp; Bill Belichick of the @Patriots on @TimTebow.  Tim is a winner just like them!


19 firefighters killed in Arizona - terrible tragedy!
Nancy Pelosi today on @GMA actually said that Adam Schiffty Schiff didn’t fabricate my words in a major speech before Congress. She either had no idea what she was saying in other words lost it or she lied. Even Clinton lover @GStephanopoulos strongly called her out. Sue her?
Saudi Arabia and others in OPEC will more than make up the Oil Flow difference in our now Full Sanctions on Iranian Oil. Iran is being given VERY BAD advice by @JohnKerry and people who helped him lead the U.S. into the very bad Iran Nuclear Deal. Big violation of Logan Act?
Trump Finalizes Agreement For Trump International Hotel The Old Post Office Building Washington D.C. 
Yesterday I signed the #INTERDICTAct (H.R. 2142) with bipartisan members of Congress to help end the flow of drugs into our country. Together we are committed to doing everything we can to combat the deadly scourge of drug addiction and overdose in the United States! 
Hoping things will work out with Israel's coalition formation and Bibi and I can continue to make the alliance between America and Israel stronger than ever. A lot more to do!
Virginia with all of the massive amount of defense and other work I brought to you and with everything planned go out and vote Republican today. I know the Dems are saying that they have your vote locked up but that would mean a long slide down. VOTE REPUBLICAN TODAY!
Today’s shooting in El Paso Texas was not only tragic it was an act of cowardice. I know that I stand with everyone in this Country to condemn today’s hateful act. There are no reasons or excuses that will ever justify killing innocent people....
Waste--@BarackObama's Dep. of Energy was warned in advance by Treasury that it wasn't loaning $ out in good deals 
V.P.....really! 
Have a great game today @USArmy and @USNavy - I will be watching. We love our U.S. Military. On behalf of an entire Nation THANK YOU for your sacrifice and service! #ArmyNavyGame #USA🇺🇸 
.@ErikPaulson @JasonLewis @JimHagedornMN and @PeteStauber love our Country and the Great State of Minnesota. They are winners and always get the job done We need them all in Congress for #MAGA. Border Military Vets 2nd A. Go Vote Minnesota. They have my Strong Endorsement!
....a persecution of the President.”  Daniel Henninger The Wall Street Journal. Thank you people are starting to see and understand what this Witch Hunt is all about. Jeff Sessions should be ashamed of himself for allowing this total HOAX to get started in the first place!
True! 
Iranian Foreign Minister says Iran wants to negotiate with The United States but wants sanctions removed. @FoxNews  @OANN No Thanks!
A wonderful man and great Republican! 
Wow great post-debate poll: "Trump Increases Lead" via Breitbart  
....Similarly Facebook Libra’s “virtual currency” will have little standing or dependability. If Facebook and other companies want to become a bank they must seek a new Banking Charter and become subject to all Banking Regulations just like other Banks both National...
....Sondland said Trump told him. None of this will move the needle for anyone. And now Dems in Swing Districts head home for Thanksgiving to hear from voters. Pelosi &amp; Co. are putting on a show to appease the Democratic base instead of doing the work ALL Americans need done.”
How can an Attorney General ask for campaign contributions during his evaluation of a case - a total sleazebag!
Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net worth.
I look forward to going to the Land Investment Expo in Iowa on Jan. 23. Record crowd—sold out venue. @LandExpo @PeoplesCompany
Join me Tuesday Nov. 3rd at 12pm in Trump Tower NYC.  I’ll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA.  Don’t miss it!
Will be on @foxandfriends at 8:00. Enjoy!
So Obama's top people responsible for ObamaCare think the American Public is stupid! All based on lies and deception! Repubs should sue.
Joe thanks for not running! 
“Three more Central Banks cut rates.” Our problem is not China - We are stronger than ever money is pouring into the U.S. while China is losing companies by the thousands to other countries and their currency is under siege - Our problem is a Federal Reserve that is too.....
BUILDING THE WALL!
President Obama campaigned hard (and personally) in the very important swing states and lost.The voters wanted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
...they then used to start an investigation about Trump. It is that simple. This guy is the genesis of this whole Debacle. This was a Political hit job this was not an Intelligence Investigation. Brennan has disgraced himself he’s worried about staying out of Jail.” Dan Bongino
There will be big news coming soon for our great American Autoworkers. After many decades of losing your jobs to other countries you have waited long enough!
Thank you for sharing Amy. 
Just met with UN Secretary-General António Guterres who is working hard to “Make the United Nations Great Again.” When the UN does more to solve conflicts around the world it means the U.S. has less to do and we save money. @NikkiHaley is doing a fantastic job! 
Looking forward to seeing Joshua Holt this evening in the White House. The great people of Utah are Celebrating!
“He’s got a very good point. Somebody in the Justice Department has a treasure trove of evidence of Mrs. Clinton’s criminality at her own hands or through others that ought to be investigated. I fully agree with the President on that.” @judgenapolitano on @marthamaccallum Show
The US GDP in 2010 was 4.1% down to 2% in 2011 &amp; now 1.5%. I guess @BarackObama's plan is not working!
Via The Brody File: "The Lesson Evangelicals Can Learn From Donald Trump"  Thank you David &amp; CBN News--so nice.   
Big WIN today for building the wall. It will secure the border &amp; save lives. Now the full House &amp; Senate must act! ➡️ 
...and people like Ms. Heyer. Such a disgusting lie. He just can't forget his election trouncing.The people of South Carolina will remember!
Wow! Just got word that our June 18th Tuesday ANNOUNCEMENT in Orlando Florida already has 74000 requests for a 20000 seat Arena. With all of the big events that we have done this ticket looks to be the “hottest” of them all. See you in Florida!
THANK YOU! #MAGA #KAG2020 
#DrainTheSwamp 
W/state of the art Clubhouse &amp; our signature amenities @Trump_Charlotte brings true luxury to The Tar Heel State 
ObamaCare is a complete disaster. Many of my friends have to scale down their businesses because they can't afford it. Terrible.
Big interview tonight by Henry Kravis at The Business Council of Washington. Looking forward to it!
Do you notice that nobody is talking about the many scandals of the Obama administration anymore - The Teflon President!
Wishing everyone a safe and Happy Halloween!#Halloween2017 
....of the most successful presidencies in history. Just in the last few days incredible jobs numbers giant trade deals help for working families and much more. Over the last 3 years unemployment falling earnings rising criminal justice reform the heartland revived....
My interview yesterday with @IngrahamAngle  
Crooked Hillary colluded w/FBI and DOJ and media is covering up to protect her. It's a #RiggedSystem! Our country d… 
My @morning_joe int. w/@morningmika @JoeNBC &amp; @ThomasARoberts f/@trumpdoral on why Romney shouldn't be @GOP 
There was No Collusion with Russia (except by the Democrats). When will this very expensive Witch Hunt Hoax ever end? So bad for our Country. Is the Special Councel/Justice Department leaking my lawyers letters to the Fake News Media? Should be looking at Dems corruption instead?
“Judge Jackson now has a request for a new trial based on the unambiguous &amp; self outed bias of the foreperson of the jury whose also a lawyer by the way. ‘Madam foreperson you’re a lawyer you have a duty an affirmative obligation to reveal to us when we selected you the....
70 stories over Panama Bay @TrumpPanama is the country’s first five star development.  A masterpiece 
My @foxandfriends interview discussing @BarackObama's reckless spending the Buffet Tax gimmick and #CelebApprentice 
Yesterday there was yet another massive intelligence leak by the @BarackObama administration. 
A great new poll-33%! 
When the media - driven insane by their Trump Derangement Syndrome - reveals internal deliberations of our government it  truly puts the lives of many not just journalists at risk! Very unpatriotic! Freedom of the press also comes with a responsibility to report the news...
According to @RasmussenPoll @MittRomney has a 12 point advantage over @BarackObama on the economy  Look for it to grow.
Thank you! WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Via @bluegreentweet: "Scottish wind farm opposed by Donald Trump delayed"
Amazing that while I lead by big numbers in the new Q and and USA Today polls the the press only wants to report on the phony WSJ/NBC poll.
....said “I’m going to clean up Washington I’m going to help people.” He gave big tax cuts he’s made our military strong. They’re mad at him because he actually did what he said he was going to do. History will record we’re experiencing some of the best times we’ve ever.....
Looking like a really big night for Republicans - a tremendous refutation of President Obama and his failed policies!
Can't wait for tonight's debate--actually delayed my trip to Europe so I can watch. This is going to be a great night.
Departing Washington D.C. for the International Association of Chiefs of Police Annual Convention in Orlando Florida. Look forward to seeing everyone soon! #IACP2018 
The Manufacturing Index rose to 59% the highest level since early 2011 - and we can do much better!
Great minds have purposes; others have wishes. --Washington Irving
Do your homework. Wasting other people's time due to poor planning will only leave a bad impression.- Think Like a Billionaire
Louisiana I’ll see you tonight. Big Rally for Eddie R. He will be a GREAT GOVERNOR. Early voting starts! @EddieRispone
On the Iraq War Resolution being voted on tomorrow in the House of Represenatives we are down to 5000 soldiers and going down and I want everyone Republican and Democrat to vote their HEART!
Join @mike_pence at the University of Northwestern Ohio- tonight at 7pm. Tickets: 
Unemployment is plaguing both Black and Hispanic youths. Very troubling.
Dana Rohrabacher has been a great Congressman for his District and for the people of Cal. He works hard and is respected by all - he produces! Dems are desperate to replace Dana by spending vast sums to elect a super liberal who is weak on Crime and bad for our Military &amp; Vets!
'Immigration Ban Is One Of Trump's Most Popular Orders So Far' 
much worse - just look at Syria (red line) Crimea Ukraine and the build-up of Russian nukes. Not good! Was this the leaker of Fake News?
Nancy Pelosi is going absolutely crazy about the big Tax Cuts given to the American People by the Republicans...got not one Democrat Vote! Here’s a choice. They want to end them and raise your taxes substantially. Republicans are working on making them permanent and more cuts!
Someone incorrectly stated that the phrase "DRAIN THE SWAMP" was no longer being used by me. Actually we will always be trying to DTS.
Watching biased Charles @krauthammer a @FoxNews flunky who didn't know that I won every debate in particular- the last one. Check polls!
A letter from an amazing woman 
Marist/NPR/PBS Poll shows President Trump’s approval rating among Latinos going to 50% an increase in one year of 19%. Thank you working hard!
Now the Chinese are hacking @nytimes  &amp; Twitter  When will we hold these thieves accountable?
“The Ukraine controversy continues this morning as new documents obtained by @FoxNews show that a former Ukrainian prosecutor said that he was forced to back off looking into a firm tied to Hunter Biden.” @MariaBartiromo  Does anyone other than Fake News protectors have a doubt?
Pastor #Nadarkhani must be released by Iran immediately. I applaud the @WhiteHouse & @StateDept for issuing (cont) 
Does anyone really believe that Chuck Hagel is sorry for any of his past comments or supports Israel?
Big week next week when the American Embassy in Israel will be moved to Jerusalem. Congratulations to all!
The Gang of Six - yet another unmitigated disaster. ANY DEAL NEEDS TO REPEAL OBAMACARE. T-E-A.
VOTE 4 @mariamenounos &amp; derekhough#01 tonight! She's doing a great job on Dancing with the Stars #DWTS (&amp; a good person). 1-800-868-3401
Nobody ever heard of this dope until he met me. He only lasted 11 days! 
BOOMERANG OF JUSTICE @SeanHannity 
Heading for Ohio - really big crowd of amazing people! Much to talk about!
Obama Spurns Trump Offer to Foot White House Tours  via @Newsmax_Media
I bought Tim Tebow's jersey and helmet at auction for a good cause- fighting breast cancer 
“IT WAS A PERFECT CONVERSATION WITH UKRAINE PRESIDENT!”
It is so important to audit The Federal Reserve and yet Ted Cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done.
On World AIDS Day The First Lady and I express our support for those living with HIV/AIDS and mourn the lives lost. We reaffirm our commitment to end the HIV/AIDS epidemic....
California now wants to scale back their already failed “fast train” project by substantially shortening the distance so that it no longer goes from L.A. to San Francisco. A different deal and record cost overruns. Send the Federal Government back the Billions of Dollars WASTED!
I agree with Joe! 
Just finished the wonderful event on the U.S.S. Iowa. VETERANS FOR A STRONG AMERICA endorsed me. Such a great honor thank you!
.@AlexSalmond  the Scottish politician who released the terrorist who blew up Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie…
The Washington Post is far more fiction than fact. Story after story is made up garbage - more like a poorly written novel than good reporting. Always quoting sources (not names) many of which don’t exist. Story on John Kelly isn’t true just another hit job!
For all of the Fake News Reporters that don’t have a clue as to what the law is relative to Presidential powers China etc. try looking at the Emergency Economic Powers Act of 1977. Case closed!
Amazing evening at Saturday Night Live!
To every member of the @RJC thank you for your incredible support and your outstanding commitment to our Country to our safety and to electing MORE REPUBLICANS. Over the next 19 months I know that the @RJC will help lead our party to another HISTORIC VICTORY! #TrumpAtRJC 
MUST READ-"It's time people listened to Trump' says mother of gunned-down teenage football star"  SECURE THE BORDER!
I’m turning down millions of dollars of campaign contributions—feel totally stupid doing so but hope it is appreciated by the voters.
...Mexico cannot believe what they are getting away with and have absolutely no respect for our leader.
#JobsNotMobs! 
Being politically correct takes too much time. We have too much to get done! #Trump2016  
Breaking news - The Washington Redskins have just announced that they will be removing the name Washington from their name!
Andrew McCabe FIRED a great day for the hard working men and women of the FBI - A great day for Democracy. Sanctimonious James Comey was his boss and made McCabe look like a choirboy. He knew all about the lies and corruption going on at the highest levels of the FBI!
Thank you Kansas! Thousands of people inside- and thousands outside who couldn't get into the hall. Really amazing! #CaucusForTrump
Michigan Mississippi Idaho &amp; Hawaii: Get out to VOTE and join the movement today! Video:  
That’s because they treat me fairly!“@FoxNews tops @CNN and @MSNBC combined in October cable news ratings” 
Eli Manning staged a great comeback in 4th quarter--an elite quarterback.
I just got off the phone with the great people of Guam! Thank you for your support! #VoteTrump today! #Trump2016
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Councilhe will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!
Almost universal support that "Trump won the debate." Only @FoxNews is consistantly fighting the Trump win and I got them the ratings!
He may be the worst reporter in all of sports: @RickReilly of @ESPN. He gets away with murder and most people (cont) 
I will be nominating Christopher A. Wray a man of impeccable credentials to be the new Director of the FBI. Details to follow.
Thank you Byron. Many polls are much better than this. If it is the Fake News @washingtonpost add 10 points! 
With the ridiculous Filibuster Rule in the Senate Republicans need 60 votes to pass legislation rather than 51. Can't get votes END NOW!
When and how are the dummies at the @WSJ going to apologize to me for their totally incorrect Editorial on me. I want "smart" trade deals.
A great book by a brilliant author. Buy it now! 
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Observer. Sign up today!#
.@washtimes "@BrettMDecker: Five Questions w/ @realDonaldTrump--'Lack of Leadership is the biggest threat to America'" 

The hedge fund guys (gals) have to pay higher taxes ASAP. They are paying practically nothing. We must reduce taxes for the middle class!
۴۰ سال فساد. ۴۰ سال سرکوب. ۴۰ سال ترور. رژیم ایران فقط موجب #چهل_سال_شکست شده است. مردم ایران که مدتهاست در رنجند شایسته آینده روشن تری هستند 
....such wonderful and powerful things about me - a true Champion of Civil Rights - until she got fired. Omarosa had Zero credibility with the Media (they didn’t want interviews) when she worked in the White House. Now that she says bad about me they will talk to her. Fake News!
“Zero evidence that any law was broken. They’re not even alleging that a law was broken. This is an abuse of the Constitution. It is using Impeachment as a campaign tool.” @SenTedCruz
A good question for would-be entrepreneurs to ask themselves:  What am I pretending not to see? There are a lot of opportunities out there.
I made a great deal of money in Atlantic City but left years ago when I saw so many political mistakes being made. I have ZERO involvement!
The pinnacle of the luxury public golf experience @TrumpGolfLA overlooking the Pacific Ocean in Palos Verdes 
Great boardroom! What did you think? #CelebApprentice
Pres. Obama is meeting with China’s Pres. this week  He will get zero deliverables. China laughs at us.
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney is having a news conference tomorrow to criticize me. (1/2)
When everything seems to be going against you remember that the airplane takes off against the wind not with it. -- Henry Ford
Check out today's video blog  I want to answer more of your questions tweet me.....
Shirley B did a very good job singing Goldfinger! Not easy.
Happy birthday to a wonderful man &amp; friend! 
How come every time I show anger disgust or impatience enemies say I had a tantrum or meltdown—stupid or dishonest people?
They do stories so big on Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren’s crowd sizes adding many more people than are actually there and yet my crowds which are far bigger get no coverage at all. Fake News!
Lifting off right now for U.S.S. Wisconsin in Norfolk. See ya'
My sense is that people are far angrier at the President than they are at Congress re the shutdown—an interesting turn!
I will be doing a major rally for Senator Ted Cruz in October. I’m picking the biggest stadium in Texas we can find. As you know Ted has my complete and total Endorsement. His opponent is a disaster for Texas - weak on Second Amendment Crime Borders Military and Vets!
Thank you Robert Johnson! 
The Endless Wars Must End!
China has copied our military's F-22 Raptor design  We should offset their theft from our debt.
“Trump Brand Expands To South America: The Donald Lends His Name To Luxury Tower In Uruguay”  via @Forbes

Diligence is the mother of good luck.--Benjamin Franklin
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake News NBC just stated that we have given up so much in our negotiations with North Korea and they have given up nothing. Wow we haven’t given up anything &amp; they have agreed to denuclearization (so great for World) site closure &amp; no more testing!
...What about all of the Clinton ties to Russia including Podesta Company Uranium deal Russian Reset big dollar speeches etc.
Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens!
Will be going to Richmond Virginia today. Big crowd! See you there.
Celebrity Apprentice will be LIVE on Sunday at 9 PM (from New York City).Casting has already begun for next season.
Every sport evolves. Every sport gets bigger and more athletic and you have to keep up. -- Tiger Woods
Thank you Terrence! 
The Report of Iran capturing CIA spies is totally false. Zero truth. Just more lies and propaganda (like their shot down drone) put out by a Religious Regime that is Badly Failing and has no idea what to do. Their Economy is dead and will get much worse. Iran is a total mess!
Anna Wintour came to my office at Trump Tower to ask me to meet with the editors of Conde Nast &amp; Steven Newhouse a friend. Will go this AM.
58000 non-citizens voted in Texas with 95000 non-citizens registered to vote. These numbers are just the tip of the iceberg. All over the country especially in California voter fraud is rampant. Must be stopped. Strong voter ID! @foxandfriends
We have to bring back and cherish the middle class - once the backbone and true strength of the U.S.A. It can happen!
Think positively. There are always opportunities. Keep your focus and don't give up!
All weights are on crane's wrong side ---  very precarious below move out!
Hillary Clinton's weakness while she was Secretary of State has emboldened terrorists all over the world..cont: 
Financial and jobs numbers are fantastic. There are plenty of new high paying jobs available in our great and very vibrant economy. If you are not happy where you are start looking - but also remember our economy is only getting better. Vote in Midterms!
The three year Hoax continues! 
Does the USA want to be the Policeman of the Middle East getting NOTHING but spending precious lives and trillions of dollars protecting others who in almost all cases do not appreciate what we are doing? Do we want to be there forever? Time for others to finally fight.....
I have just officially nominated Poland for entry into the Visa Waiver Program. With this decades long-awaited announcement we are in the final steps of the process which when complete would grant Polish nationals visa-free business and tourism travel to the U.S. &amp; vice versa.
I allowed White House Counsel Don McGahn and all other requested members of the White House Staff to fully cooperate with the Special Councel. In addition we readily gave over one million pages of documents. Most transparent in history. No Collusion No Obstruction. Witch Hunt!
Family group shot. #WWEHOF 
Why is @BarackObama spending millions to try and hide his records? He is the least transparent President--ever--and he ran on transparency.
Speaker John Boehner who I like should never have agreed to raise taxes because the Republicans got absolutely nothing for it!
Thousands of people are already lined up in Orlando some two days before tomorrow nights big Rally. Large Screens and food trucks will be there for those that can’t get into the 25000 capacity arena. It will be a very exciting evening! Make America Great Again!
Obama Administration legalized bump stocks. BAD IDEA. As I promised today the Department of Justice will issue the rule banning BUMP STOCKS with a mandated comment period. We will BAN all devices that turn legal weapons into illegal machine guns.
I look forward to Tuesday night's presidential debate--I wonder if Obama will use my name again.
So selfish for Elizabeth Warren to stay in the race. She has Zero chance of even coming close to winning but hurts Bernie badly. So much for their wonderful liberal friendship. Will he ever speak to her again? She cost him Massachusetts (and came in third) he shouldn’t!
Our new @MissUniverse Olivia Culpo is not only beautiful but intelligent and accomplished.  She is a wonderful role model.
Thank you to the GREAT NYPD First Responders and all govt officials for having handled the terrible West Side attack so professionally! 
A quote was read from a parody account last night on MSNBC re: Jeb.  
Join me Thursday in Florida &amp; Ohio!West Palm Beach FL at noon: OH this 7:30pm:
find the leakers within the FBI itself. Classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on U.S. FIND NOW
Cruz says I supported TARP which gave $25 million to Goldman Sachs the bank which loaned him the money he didn't disclose. Puppet!
Hillary when you complain about "a penchant for sexism" who are you referring to. I have great respect for women. BE CAREFUL!
I have always liked Ellen done her show numerous times but she was not good last night - fumbling and stumbling!
It is being reported that Leakin' James Comey was told by Department of Justice attorneys not to answer the most important questions. Total bias and corruption at the highest levels of previous Administration. Force him to answer the questions under oath!
.@WSJ and dopey Karl Rove made a mistake and purposely mischaracterized my statement on the terrible TPP deal.
Surprised that Harley-Davidson of all companies would be the first to wave the White Flag. I fought hard for them and ultimately they will not pay tariffs selling into the E.U. which has hurt us badly on trade down $151 Billion. Taxes just a Harley excuse - be patient!  #MAGA
Watching Sleepy Joe Biden making a speech. Sooo Boring! The LameStream Media will die in the ratings and clicks with this guy. It will be over for them not to mention the fact that our Country will do poorly with him. It will be one big crash but at least China will be happy!
Politicians are ALL TALK NO ACTION!  ---  just look at our country.
Natalie Harp fighting Stage 2 Cancer and doing really well was a GREAT guest on @foxandfriends. Right To Try is producing some truly spectacular results. Proud of Natalie!
...And this despite Fake Witch Hunts the Mueller Scam the Impeachment Hoax etc. With our Economy Jobs Military Vets 2A &amp; more I would be at 70%. Oh well what can you do? 
I will be making a major statement from the @WhiteHouse upon my return to D.C. Time and date to be set.
This is the real and only story! 
Join me in Redding California- tomorrow at 1:00pm. #Trump2016Tickets: 
Republicans will protect people with pre-existing conditions far better than the Dems!
While Hillary and I both won South Carolina by big margins Repubs got far more votes with a massive increase from past cycles.GROWING PARTY
The United Nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together talk and have a good time. So sad!
Obama won’t send troops to fight jihadists yet sends them to Liberia to contract Ebola. He is a delusional failure.
Ebola has been confirmed in N.Y.C. with officials frantically trying to find all of the people and things he had contact with.Obama's fault
Watch listen and learn. You can't know it all yourself. Anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity. Donald Trump"
Via @politicalwire: Tweet of the Day 
Happy New Year from #MarALago! Thank you to my great family for all of their support. 
Sue them Tom! #TrumpVlog 
“This is all about undermining the next Election.” Liz Peek @FoxNews
.@HillaryClinton talking about jobs? Remember what she promised upstate New York. #BigLeagueTruth#Debates 
...said was a total lie but Fake Media won’t show it. I am an innocent man being persecuted by some very bad conflicted &amp; corrupt people in a Witch Hunt that is illegal &amp; should never have been allowed to start - And only because I won the Election! Despite this great success!
Bernie Sanders and wife should pay the Pre-Trump Taxes on their almost $600000 in income. He is always complaining about these big TAX CUTS except when it benefits him. They made a fortune off of Trump but so did everyone else - and that’s a good thing not a bad thing!
Thank you Terrence. Best Employment Numbers In History for African Americans! 
Stock Market hits an ALL-TIME high! Unemployment lowest in 16 years! Business and manufacturing enthusiasm at highest level in decades!
So don't forget to enter the Serta Counting Sheep for Hire contest!  www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta
I will be making a big surprise announcement to the massive crowd assembled in Huntsville/Madison Alabama! Landing now! #Trump2016
Because of President Obama's failed leadership we have put Vladimir Putin &amp; Russia back on the world stage! --No reason for this.
China has a business tax rate of 15%. We should do everything possible to match them in order to win with our economy. Jobs and wages!
“We now find out that the Obama Administration put the opposing campaigns presidential candidate or his campaign under investigation. That raises legitimate questions. I just find this really odd...this goes to the heart of our electoral system.” Jonathan Turley on @FoxNews
Paul Krugman has called me wrong from day one. People at the Failing New York Times are very angry at him for having “missed” by soooo much. Paul match over! 
I will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity - Enjoy!  10:00 P.M.
Via @DC_Decoder: "Donald Trump to 'surprise' GOP convention. What might he do?"   Answer: Something major!
For FAR TOO LONG Senate Democrats have been Obstructing more than 350 Nominations. These great Americans left their jobs to serve our Country but can’t because Dems are blocking them some for two years-historic record. Passed committees but Schumer putting them on hold. Bad!
The Great State of Michigan was just certified as a Trump WIN giving all of our MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN supporters another victory - 306!
.@MittRomney and his campaign manager should not be critical of candidates after they blew an election that should never have been lost!
Some @OWS protesters are sincere people frustrated with the system--others just in for the party.
Do not believe any article or story you read or see that uses “anonymous sources” having to do with trade or any other subject. Only accept information if it has an actual living name on it. The Fake News Media makes up many “sources say” stories. Do not believe them!
The Fake News Media and their Democrat Partners are working hard to determine whether or not the future attack by terrorist Soleimani was “eminent” or not &amp; was my team in agreement. The answer to both is a strong YES. but it doesn’t really matter because of his horrible past!
.@davidaxelrod  David--Thank you my great honor for a very worthy cause!
The Fed should not do QE3. Neither the economy nor the dollar can withstand another round of artificial liquidity.
Yesterday 15 @GOP senators sided with people who got into this country by breaking our laws.
“Appreciate your property and your property will appreciate for you.” – Think Like a Billionaire
Zogby Poll: Trump Widens Lead After GOP Debate  
Which team is your favorite?
If we are able to make the deal with Mexico &amp; there is a good chance that we will they will begin purchasing Farm &amp; Agricultural products at very high levels starting immediately. If we are unable to make the deal Mexico will begin paying Tariffs at the 5% level on Monday!
Tonight it was my great honor to host a Congressional Medal of Honor Society Reception at the @WhiteHouse! 
Thank you to all law enforcement agencies for a fabulous job!#LEO #LESM #Trump2016 
.@RalphGilles of Chrysler should focus on design rather than filthy language--not very professional.
Australia is a beautiful country with terrific people who love America.
.@lancearmstrong should immediately reconsider or his legacy is ruined.
My just filed lawsuit against Univision. Always fight back when right. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Highly untalented Wash Post blogger Jennifer Rubin a real dummy never writes fairly about me. Why does Wash Post have low IQ people?
NYC politicians better stop pandering--ending stop &amp; frisk would be a disaster. 
Via @Newsmax_Media by @OwenTew: “Donald Trump: Kerry Has to Walk If Iran Doesn't Make Deal” 
.@KarlRove  Had my best day ever in the polls one had me at 41% - Morning Consult. Boston Globe Monmouth NBC and CNN all great. More!
America will have record growth and prosperity during his adminstration: @MittRomney's success in the private sector is a tremendous asset.
Don't let the fake media tell you that I have changed my position on the WALL. It will get built and help stop drugs human trafficking etc.
“The U.S. Economy is the envy of the world as Europe and Asia slide ever toward recession. But the Left is trying to avoid talking about the Trump Economy.” @IngrahamAngle  The Best Is Yet To Come.
Hillary Clinton Dominates the Pack in Fake Twitter Followers 
Great meeting with automobile industry leaders at the @WhiteHouse this morning. Together we will #MAGA! 
Amazing Evening! 
Iraq buying $200000000 worth of weapons from Iran. Despite so many killed and trillions spent Iraq dumps U.S. I TOLD YOU SO LONG AGO!
The Democrats are most angry that so many Obama Democrats voted for me. With all of the jobs I am bringing back to our Nation that number..
#TBT With Barbara Walters on my helicopter going somewhere. 
Make your NYC getaway memorable -- @TrumpNewYork provides both true luxury and top access to Midtown West  
New book by @ericbolling is absolutely terrific and a must read! #WakeUpAmerica
I've just started blocking out some of the repetitive and boring (&amp; dumb) haters and losers. They are a waste of time and energy!
Via @WSJ: “A New Direction For America” by @MittRomney
protesters and the tears of Senator Schumer. Secretary Kelly said that all is going well with very few problems. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Druggies drug dealers rapists and killers are coming across the southern border. When will the U.S. get smart and stop this travesty?
The Wall Street Journal has it wrong we are under no pressure to make a deal with China they are under pressure to make a deal with us. Our markets are surging theirs are collapsing. We will soon be taking in Billions in Tariffs &amp; making products at home. If we meet we meet?
Our vets are the pride of our nation. The VA scandal is a disgrace.If you can get food stamps so fast our vets should get immediate care
Stock Market up big today. A New Record. Enjoy!
The trade deficit rose to a 7yr high thanks to horrible trade policies Clinton supports. I will fix it fast- JOBS! 
Coming up soon: The two hour premiere of The Apprentice. Next Thursday September 16th at 9  pm on NBC.    
Via @TheTodaysGolfer “@TrumpScotland gets new clubhouse” 
Thank you Dr. Jeffress! 
Nervous Nancy Pelosi is doing everything possible to destroy the Republican Party. Our Polls show that it is going to be just the oppidite. The Do Nothing Dems will lose many seats in 2020. They have a Death Wish led by a corrupt politician Adam Schiff!
How quality a woman is Rowanne Brewer Lane to have exposed the @nytimes as a disgusting fraud?  Thank you Rowanne.
......If Republicans ever did that to the Democrats there would be all hell to pay. It would be a scandal like no other!
It is amazing that I can be at 51% with Zogby when the Fake &amp; Corrupt News is almost 100% against me. Great job Mr. President!
“Just another abuse of power in a long series of abuses of power by the Democrats that began during the Obama Administration continued through the Mueller FBI operation &amp; now the baton has been passed to Jerry Nadler to continue to abuse power to harass President Trump..
Con Ed has won its suit against the Ground Zero Mosque developers  The mosque is never going up.
....History shows that a school shooting lasts on average 3 minutes. It takes police &amp; first responders approximately 5 to 8 minutes to get to site of crime. Highly trained gun adept teachers/coaches would solve the problem instantly before police arrive. GREAT DETERRENT!
Be sure to watch The Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday at 9 pm on NBC. It's an episode you'll want to see---and one you won't forget!
Had a great time on @gretawire last night.  Greta always does great interviews.
Staff at Trump Park Avenue disliked A-Rod--to put it "mildly" -- The staff at Trump World Tower loves Derek Jeter.
So nice when media properly polices media. Thank you @BreitbartNews. 
Mitt Romney who was one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of Republican politics is now pushing me on tax returns. Dope!
I will be doing #GDNY Good Day N.Y. with Rosanna &amp;Greg live at 8.30 A.M.  I will be giving money to a great guy who lost his son in the WTC.
'Small business says Trump is their pick for president'
As our Country rapidly grows stronger and smarter I want to wish all of my friends supporters enemies haters and even the very dishonest Fake News Media a Happy and Healthy New Year. 2018 will be a great year for America!
...LaVar you could have spent the next 5 to 10 years during Thanksgiving with your son in China but no NBA contract to support you. But remember LaVar shoplifting is NOT a little thing. It’s a really big deal especially in China. Ungrateful fool!
Practice positive thinking--this will keep you focused while weeding out anything that is unnecessary negative or detrimental.
Ann Romney is a fantastic lady. She was great in thanking people last night! 
I told @megynkelly that @oreillyfactor and I had identical views on a certain issue and she cut it out of the taped interview. Why? Too bad!
Shouldn’t George Will have to give a disclaimer every time he is on Fox that his wife works for Scott Walker?
Great discussion with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson today. We talked about Brexit and how we can move rapidly on a US-UK free trade deal. I look forward to meeting with Boris this weekend at the @G7 in France!
Crooked Hillary can't even close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary. Four more years of this? No way!
Via @OceanDriveMag by @SuzMcGeeNYC: "Q&amp;A: Ivanka Trump on the Business of Golf &amp; the Championships" 
Here I am with @IvankaTrump and erictrump presenting the WGC @CadillacChamp Trophy to Tiger Woods at… 
....the Whistleblower and also the person who gave all of the false information to him. This is simply about a phone conversation that could not have been nicer warmer or better. No pressure at all (as confirmed by  Ukrainian Pres.). It is just another Democrat Hoax!
One of the saddest things in journalism is what happened to the formerly great @AP. They have lost their way and are no longer credible.
The Democrat Party has given up on counting votes in Iowa. Looks like it all got computer “fried”. Nobody knows who the real winner is. Maybe it’s Sleepy Joe but it’s not looking that way. They lost millions &amp; millions of dollars all for NOTHING. But I WON Iowa big!
We must maintain a Strong Southern Border. We cannot allow our Country to be overrun by illegal immigrants as the Democrats tell their phony stories of sadness and grief hoping it will help them in the elections. Obama and others had the same pictures and did nothing about it!
Radio interview w/ @seanhannity discussing @PhilMickels0n_  why NY must start fracking &amp; staying in @GOP primary 
ICYMI “Raw video: Donald Trump speaks at Rep. Steve Stepanek's Amherst reception”  via @wmur9
The people of Scotland are really starting to fight the ugly industrial wind turbines. See Press and Journal- 
Just spent two days in Ireland at Trump International Golf Links &amp; Hotel -- absolutely magnificent. 
Join me tomorrow! #MAGA 10am- Baton Rouge LA. Tickets:  Grand Rapids MI.Tickets: 
Aspirin gets the best press of almost anything I can think of---fact or great PR?
Must-see morning clip: Donald Trump addresses Lil Wayne tweet and 'Celebrity Apprentice'  via @Salon
These Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats are doing great harm to our Country. They are lying &amp; cheating like never before in our Country’s history in order to destabilize the United States of America &amp; it’s upcoming 2020 Election. They &amp; the Fake News Media are Dangerous &amp; Bad!
While I very much appreciate P.M. Abe going to Iran to meet with Ayatollah Ali Khamenei I personally feel that it is too soon to even think about making a deal. They are not ready and neither are we!
Tariffs are working big time. Every country on earth wants to take wealth out of the U.S. always to our detriment. I say as they comeTax them. If they don’t want to be taxed let them make or build the product in the U.S. In either event it means jobs and great wealth.....
Phoenix crowd last night was amazing - a packed house. I love the Great State of Arizona. Not a fan of Jeff Flake weak on crime &amp; border!
They should seriously look into the moron George Zimmerman who shot and killed the 17 year old kid Trayvon (cont) 
Does anybody remember when Bill Clinton in 2008 worked long and hard for Hillary? She LOST! Now Bill is at it again. Just watch.
Mark Levin a great lawyer and scholar said last night on his @marklevinshow that all you have to do is read the transcript of the call you do not need Never Trumpers or other witnesses to say what it means or says. It is plainly and very well stated for all to see. Witch Hunt
Jeb Bush is desperate - strongly in favor of #CommonCore and very weak on illegal immigration.
It will now start to cool down concerning Sterling and the Clippers. This mess will start to fade after litigation into the murky past!
Got $1.6 Billion to start Wall on Southern Border rest will be forthcoming. Most importantly got $700 Billion to rebuild our Military $716 Billion next year...most ever. Had to waste money on Dem giveaways in order to take care of military pay increase and new equipment.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just got back from Georgia. The crowds and love for U.S. was so amazing! We all had a great day together - will be back soon!
This is really an incredible time for our Nation - WE are RESPECTED AGAIN! 
Where was all the outrage from Democrats and the opposition party (the media) when our jobs were fleeing our country?
Trump buys mansion adjacent to family winery  via @trdny
Hans Von Spakovsky “I haven’t seen any evidence of actual violations of the law which is usually a basis before you start an investigation. Adam Schiff seems to be copying Joseph McCarthy in wanting to open up investigations when they don’t have any evidence of wrongdoing.”
Read Ivanka's blog about last night's Apprentice on Entertainment Weekly ...
A great morning with everyone @LibertyU! Thank you! Off to New Hampshire now. #Trump2016  
....career in the military retiring from the U.S. Navy in 2010. He commanded at every level including the Naval Special Warfare Command. He has also served as a National Security Fellow at Harvard University. I have no doubt he will do a great job!
A rough night for Hillary Clinton  ABC News.
Great move on delay (by V. Putin) - I always knew he was very smart!
There has never been a greater fraud on Congress. Shifty Schiff is Corrupt. Go Andy! 
Trump Nat'l Golf Club Philadelphia 360 beautiful acres as designed by Tom Fazio with views of the Philly skyline.  
Thank you! 
I have stated my concerns with Amazon long before the Election. Unlike others they pay little or no taxes to state &amp; local governments use our Postal System as their Delivery Boy (causing tremendous loss to the U.S.) and are putting many thousands of retailers out of business!
Just arrived at Camp David where I am closely watching the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey as it strengthens to a Category 3. BE SAFE!
Help fight autism--go to   website for  donations &amp; government activation.
...and West Virginia. The fact is the Fake News Russian collusion story record Stock Market border security military strength jobs.....
Tim Kaine is and always has been owned by the banks. Bernie supporters are outraged was their last choice. Bernie fought for nothing!
After reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines it makes me wonder WHY? All I want to do is #MAGA!
New York City hosted over 52 million visitors in 2012.   Record amount visited Trump Tower.
In beautiful Pine Hill Trump Nat’l Philadelphia’s award winning course provides amazing views of Philly skyline 

America needs a tough negotiator---not a community organizer.
Landing in Phoenix now. Tomorrow's events will be amazing! #Trump2016
Once the tragic mistake of going into Iraq was made we should have at least taken the oil (or at least some of it). Now Iran &amp; China get it
Wow...NYT reports @celebrityapprentice was the number 1 show in branding on television for all of 2012.
I am far better on HealthCare than the Democrats! 
Sleepy eyes @chucktodd—one of the dumbest voices in politics-- is angry that I’m doing @ThisWeekABC.
#CongressionalBaseballGame⚾️ 
A country that Crooked Hillary says has funded ISIS also gave Wild Bill $1 million for his birthday? SO CORRUPT! 
With all of the new books coming out you can't forget two of the great originals written by @GreggJarrett and @JudgeJeanine Pirro. Their books both went to #1. Go get them now the phony Witch Hunt is well explained!
The so called 87 year old "lady" was a vicious and skilled investor who was trying to rip me off with made up facts and a blowhard lawyer.
#CelebApprentice what do you think of the choices for project manager?
LIVE on #Periscope: Watch major press conference live from @TrumpTowerNY now! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
What's incredible is that Obamacare hasn't even kicked in yet and already it's doing tremendous damage. (cont) 
Very low ratings for the Democratic Debate last night — they’re desperate for Trump!
I strongly endorse Adam Laxalt for Governor of Nevada. Adam is smart works hard and knows how to win. He will be a great Governor. Also will fight hard to lower your taxes and is tough on crime!
According to the @nytimes a Russian sold phony secrets on “Trump” to the U.S. Asking price was $10 million brought down to $1 million to be paid over time. I hope people are now seeing &amp; understanding what is going on here. It is all now starting to come out - DRAIN THE SWAMP!
A very nice note from Chairman Kim of North Korea. Great progress being made! 
Congratulations! 
Big attacks on Republicans and Conservatives by Social Media. Not good!
Just returned from New Hampshire where the crowd was great-and got a beautiful standing ovation! Wonderful people who truly love the U.S.A.
.@TMobile gives terrible service and has many complaints just check.
Thank you for your strong testimony when welcoming me to Liberty University yesterday- @JerryJrFalwell. 
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. -- Albert Einstein
My family has the honor of being interviewed for a full hour by the legendary @BarbaraJWalters tonight @ABC - 10pmE. 
With Boston terrorist cell widening in suspects it's now clear that it was a mistake to read the bomber the Miranda warning so early.
Leaders at Trump National Doral are only one under par. The great Ben Hogan said "I've never seen a great course that was easy!"
.@foxandfriends int. on how the Boston thug deserves death penalty @FBI's great work &amp; firing Brande Roderick 
Why doesn't President Obama just get the people from Google to fix the failed   website. In fact why didn't he use them in the first place!
Don Jr. will present the Keynote Address in South Africa on Dec. 1st @TheInvestShow
#ICYMI: I joined #OnTheRecord with @kimguilfoyle on @FoxNews this evening. #Trump2016 #
Shock--even more @BarackObama solar corruption. @VPBiden's chief of staff's firm got biggest DOE loan. 
CNN’s Don Lemon the dumbest man on television insinuated last night while asking a debate “question” that I was a racist when in fact I am “the least racist person in the world.” Perhaps someone should explain to Don that he is supposed to be neutral unbiased &amp; fair.....
Sad. Our food stamp rolls now surpass the entire population of Spain  We must do better or we will be Greece.
Congrats @JanineTurner on new book "A Little Bit Vulnerable" you're a breath of fresh air in the political forum 
Pennsylvania has to love Trump because unlike all of the others before me I am bringing STEEL BACK in a VERY BIG way. Plants opening up in Pennsylvania and all over the Country and Congressman Lou Barletta who is running for the Senate in Pennsylvania is really helping!
....and native culture – S.216/Spokane Tribe S.256/Native Languages and NDAA Sec. 2870 officially recognizing Little Shell Tribe of Chippewa Indians. My great honor to do so!
.@Buddy_Carter is a BUSINESSMAN first. He takes care of our Vets and Troops and is leading the fight to SLASH drug prices! Buddy's 100% pro-Wall &amp; 100% pro-jobs. He will KEEP AMERICA GREAT and has my total Strong Endorsement!
Success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. --Winston Churchill
They never even saw the transcript of the call. A total Witch Hunt!
...And this despite Fake Witch Hunts the Mueller Scam the Impeachment Hoax etc. With our Economy Jobs Military Vets 2A &amp; more I would be at 70%. Oh well what can you do? 
QE3 is going to further sink the dollar into oblivion. Creates artificial numbers for short term market gains. (cont) 
Brought to you by @HillaryClinton &amp; her campaign- in Chicago Illinois. #BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength I don't believe that his supporters will let Crooked Hillary off the hook!
Congratulations to the dedicated professionals of the USSS as they celebrate their 152nd anniversary. Thank you! ➡️ 
#TrumpVlog Free our Marine! 
A clip from my @foxandfriends interview discussing how  Newsmax-@iontv debate is determining the GOP primary polls 
Jeb Bush signed memo saying not to use the term "anchor babies" offensive. Now he wants to use it because I use it. Stay true to yourself!
#ConfirmGorsuch #SCOTUS 
The Stock Market hit another Record High yesterday number 133 in less than three years as your all time favorite President and the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats want to impeach me. Don’t worry I have done nothing wrong. Actually they have!
Donald J. Trump's History Of Empowering Women #
#Walkaway  Walkaway from the Democrat Party movement marches today in D.C. Congratulations to Brandon Straka for starting something very special. @foxandfriends
THANK YOU! #MAGA🇺🇸 
Texas @GovAbbott &amp; Lt. Gov. @DanPatrickThank you for todays briefing on hurricane recovery efforts here in TX. Keep up the great work! 
“@limbaugh: 'Trump Has Changed the Entire Debate on Immigration'”   via @Newsmax_Media by Jason Devaney
Negotiation tip: View any conflict as an opportunity -- this will expand your mind as well as your horizons. Persistence can go a long way.
How is the Paris Accord doing? Don’t ask! 
The Euro is dropping against the Dollar “like crazy” giving them a big export and manufacturing advantage...and the Fed does NOTHING! Our Dollar is now the strongest in history. Sounds good doesn’t it? Except to those (manufacturers) that make product for sale outside the U.S.
The Federal Reserve loves watching our manufacturers struggle with their exports to the benefit of other parts of the world. Has anyone looked at what almost all other countries are doing to take advantage of the good old USA? Our Fed has been calling it wrong for too long!
New York Republican leader @EdwardFCox is pushing my friend @RobAstorino into political suicide. Results won’t be pleasant!
How is the Paris Environmental Accord working out for France? After 18 weeks of rioting by the Yellow Vest Protesters I guess not so well! In the meantime the United States has gone to the top of all lists on the Environment.
Illegal immigration costs the United States more than 200 Billion Dollars a year. How was this allowed to happen?
....as Secretary of the Air Force and I know she will be equally great in the very important world of higher education. A strong thank you to Heather for her service.
Very good news to receive the warm and productive statement from North Korea. We will soon see where it will lead hopefully to long and enduring prosperity and peace. Only time (and talent) will tell!
Via @espn: "Donald Trump would fire A-Rod"  
Via @BreitbartNews by @rwildewrites: “TRUMP: ‘I WOULD BUILD A BORDER FENCE LIKE YOU HAVE NEVER SEEN BEFORE’” 
I will be on Morning's with Maria on the Fox Business Network tomorrow during the 7am and 8am ET hours.
....because he doesn't even live there! He wants to raise taxes and kill healthcare. On Tuesday #VoteKarenHandel.
Edddie24   Mr. Trump is a real American patriot.  You have my vote if you ever ran. 👍  Thank you.
Coincidence? Obama and Ahmadinejad each describe @Israel's warning over the Iranian nuclear program as just 'noise' 
Do you agree with the client's decision? #CelebApprentice
My @gretawire int. on Obama’s falling poll numbers Americans losing incentive to work and Weiner’s sexting 
Thank you @NATO! #NATOLondon 
Entrepreneurs: Be tough be smart be personable but don’t take things personally. That’s good business.
By Obama mentioning Manhattan yesterday in his response he has singlehandedly made it target #1. How totally stupid is this guy?
Great reception in D.C. At the Values Voter Summit. Now checking on my job at the Old Post Office...
My daughter Ivanka will be representing me today at the opening of our campaign office in Manchester NH  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I am honored that @BarackObama has featured my plane in one of his attack ads. It was made in America!
Really bad news just announced concerning jobs. Far fewer jobs created in August than anticipated. Interest rates therefore to remain low.
Hope everyone enjoyed their Thanksgiving. But get ready our country is in big trouble!
Via @thehill by @HenschOnTheHill: “Trump: 'I'm disappointed' in many Republicans” 
Exclusive Video–Broaddrick Willey Jones to Bill's Defenders: ‘These Are Crimes’ ‘Terrified’ of ‘Enabler’ Hillary 
If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him!
Happy 382nd Birthday @USNationalGuard. Our entire Nation is forever grateful for all you do 24/7/365. We love you! #Guard382 
My @SuperBowl Interview at 3:30 P.M. on @foxnetworks. Enjoy!
Government Funding Bill past last night in the House of Representatives. Now Democrats are needed if it is to pass in the Senate - but they want illegal immigration and weak borders. Shutdown coming? We need more Republican victories in 2018!
The Democrats in Congress yesterday were vicious and totally showed their cards for everyone to see. When the Republicans had the Majority they never acted with such hatred and scorn! The Dems are trying to win an election in 2020 that they know they cannot legitimately win!
Thank YOU Indian Country for being such an IMPORTANT part of the American story! I recently signed 3 bills to support tribal sovereignty....
Democrats will have a unanimous vote on a 20% issue in opposing Republican Senators tomorrow. The Dems are for Open Borders and Crime!
My Administration stands in solidarity with the brave citizens in Orange County defending their rights against California's illegal and unconstitutional Sanctuary policies. California's Sanctuary laws....
.CNN is a ratings disaster. Lost all credibility! 
Thank you Bill. Very nice! 
...We negotiated a ceasefire in parts of Syria which will save lives. Now it is time to move forward in working constructively with Russia!
....and deregulation which have produced non-inflationary prosperity for all Americans. I’ve asked Steve to work with me toward future economic growth in our Country.
New York Fashion Week is really bad and used to be so glamorous and exciting! No stars no fun-just boring. They need serious help. #NYFW
“The Fed has got to do something! The Fed is the Central Bank of the United States not the Central Bank of the World.” Mark Grant  @Varneyco  Correct! The Federal Reserve acted far too quickly and now is very very late. Too bad so much to gain on the upside!
NO COLLUSION NO OBSTRUCTION!
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.-- Thomas A. Edison
A nation that cannot control its borders is not a nation. - President Ronald Reagan
Via @UrbanTurf_DC: "Trump Releases Renderings For Old Post Office Building" 
The Trump Doral's @cadillacchamp is Florida’s premiere golf-tournament. I'll be there! Tickets available here: 
Today I was proud to sign the Autism CARES Bill! We support research for Americans with Autism and their families. You are not forgotten we are fighting for you! 

This is an incredible time for our nation—we are in the midst of the Great American Comeback! Jobs are booming incomes are soaring poverty is plummeting confidence is surging and we have completely rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military. PROMISES MADE PROMISES KEPT! 
.@NYDailyNews the dying tabloid owned by dopey clown Mort Zuckerman puts me on the cover daily because I sell. My honor but it is dead!
.@AROD is back on the DL.  The coming suspension will be announced soon by @MLB.
I am seriously considering Dr. Ben Carson as the head of HUD. I've gotten to know him well--he's a greatly talented person who loves people!
Via @TODAY_Clicker: "Donald Trump promises 'tough and mean and nasty' 'Celebrity Apprentice'" 
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself thank you for a wonderful dinner and evening President Sergio Mattarella.… 
Congratulations to Dubai on winning the rights to host Expo 2020! A great place winning a major global event.@damacofficial  @dubaiexpo2020
Just arrived in Mississippi for the rally. Word is that the crowd is overflowing and massive. Will be an amazing evening!
Miami-Dade Mayor drops sanctuary policy. Right decision. Strong! 
Sessions didn’t have a clue! 
Impeach for what having created perhaps the greatest Economy in our Country’s history rebuilding our Military taking care of our Vets (Choice) Judges Best Jobs Numbers Ever and much more? Dems are Obstructionists! 
.@LaurenScruggs who was badly injured by an airplane was great on The Today Show!
Do you think @THEGaryBusey will be able to “step up” as PM?  I know @lisarinna is hoping so. #CelebApprentice
Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
...big Crooked Hillary law firm represented by her lawyer Michael Sussmann (do you believe this?) who worked Baker hard &amp; gave him Oppo Research for “a Russia probe.” This meeting now exposed is the subject of Senate inquiries and much more. An Unconstitutional Hoax. @FoxNews
“One of the biggest things to come out of Mueller’s testimony was the fact that when he was asked was there ANYTHING that impeded your investigation the answer was a clear unequivocal NO.” Misty Marris  @FoxNews  True but many other great “exonerating” things came out.....
Denmark is a very special country with incredible people but based on Prime Minister Mette Frederiksen’s comments that she would have no interest in discussing the purchase of Greenland I will be postponing our meeting scheduled in two weeks for another time....
Lots of great new polls--big leads!            
The Generals and top military brass never wanted a mixer but were forced to do it by very dumb politicians who wanted to be politically C!
Here we go!
Will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy! #INPrimary
....I say of course they’re low - because for the first time in 50 years I am making them pay a big price for doing business with America. Why should they like me? — But I still like them!
Our Trade Deal with China is moving along nicely but in the end we will probably have to use a different structure in that this will be too hard to get done and to verify results after completion.
I should host the #Oscars just to shake things up - this is not good!
Feeling sorry for yourself is not only a waste of energy but the worst habit you could possibly have.  Dale Carnegie
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. -- Abraham Lincoln
Trace delivers check to hospital in NYC:  American Red Cross must be grateful to Trace and his team for their tremendous work.
Come on @DannyZuker take the bet show your friends and family (&amp; your bosses on Modern Family) that you're not "chicken shit"
I have met &amp; spent a lot of time with families @ The Remembrance Project. I will fight for them everyday!… 
Required television watching is last weeks @marthamaccallum interview with the wonderful wife of Rod Blagojevich and the @trish_regan interview with a Jerome Corsi. If that doesn’t tell you something about what has been going on in our Country nothing will. Very sad!
“Adam Schiff has taken all of the power for himself. That is very unfair. There were dozens of people on this call yesterdays witness knew that and had no problems (nor did any of them). Facts matter and that’s why this is not about Impeachment.” Guy Lewis former prosecutor...
#AutismAwarenessDay #LightItUpBlue 
“Director David Lynch: Trump Could Go Down as One of the Greatest Presidents” 
I don't believe in government picking winners; or in the case of (@BarackObama) picking losers --@MittRomney
“Romney’s $2 Billion Sacrifice for America” By Chris Ruddy @Newsmax_Media 
Welcome to the new reality! Moody’s just downgraded the entire US health insurance industry because of ObamaCare.
Q2 GDP Up 2.1% Not bad considering we have the very heavy weight of the Federal Reserve anchor wrapped around our neck. Almost no inflation. USA is set to Zoom!
I believe that in addition to the 5 terrorist leaders President Obama gave up for Bergdahl a great deal of CASH was also given. So stupid!
How crazy - 7.5% of all births in U.S. are to illegal immigrants over 300000 babies per year. This must stop. Unaffordable and not right!
Really good Criminal Justice Reform has a true shot at major bipartisan support. @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell and @SenSchumer have a real chance to do something so badly needed in our country. Already passed with big vote in House. Would be a major victory for ALL!
Ron @RonDeSantisFL DeSantis had a great debate victory tonight against Andrew Gillum a mayor who presides over one of the worst run and most corrupt cities in Florida. Ron will build on the great job done by Governor Rick Scott. Gillum will make Florida the next Venezuela!
“The Obama Administration did not do itself proud in this.” @ByronYork 
The most stringent gun laws in the U.S. happen to be in Chicago - and look what is happening there!
A great day at the White House for our National Champions the LSU Tigers! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Are people really afraid of @OMAROSA Would you be? #CelebApprentice
Marco Rubio had no idea what he was doing on Chris Wallace show. Said Iraq "was not a mistake." He looked clueless!
They call it "climate change" now because the words "global warming" didn't work anymore. Same people fighting hard to keep it all going!
....She will probably be given a pass despite their terrible ratings. Congratulations to @RichardGrenell our great Ambassador to Germany for having the courage to take this horrible issue on!
Best economic numbers in decades. If the Democrats take control kiss your newfound wealth goodbye!
Col. Jim Carafano on @IngrahamAngle “Trump has made the Middle East a better place. When Trump came into office ISIS was running amuck in the Middle East. Over a million refugees poured into Western Europe - none of that is happening today. That’s all due to Trump.”
Don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities--keep your focus intact and focus on the positives.
House Republicans should be doing everything possible to defund ObamaCare.  Instead Leadership is funding it 
“The reason the whole process seems so politicized is that Democrats made up this complete lie about Collusion ....and none of it happened.” Charles Hurt. The Russian Hoax never happened it was a fraud on the American people!
I suggest that we add more dollars to Healthcare and make it the best anywhere. ObamaCare is dead - the Republicans will do much better!
Don't forget the open call at Trump Tower tomorrow for The Apprentice. I look forward to seeing you there.
...A majority do not want him Impeached and removed from office. 94% of the people in these battleground states who voted for President Trump want him to continue as President. That’s squarely in his corner.” @SteveDoocy “That’s a revealing poll don’t you think that matters?”...
Today is April 15th Obama’s favorite day of the year. T-E-A. TAXED ENOUGH ALREADY!
“We demand fairness” shouts Pelosi and the Do Nothing Democrats yet the Dems in the House wouldn’t let us have 1 witness no lawyers or even ask questions. It was the most unfair witch-hunt in the history of Congress!
....doesn’t even include the almost $2000 that the families got from the Trump Tax Cut.” Stephen Moore Freedomworks  That means $5000 to $6000 more in disposable yearly income that Americans have right now because of President Trump!
WITCH HUNT!
.@GOP’s election loss and failed negotiations will serve as a case study in how third parties come about.

“Relax &amp; clear your mind if someone is speaking so that you’re receptive to what they’re saying.” – Roger Ailes You are the Message
My interview w/ @WendyWilliams on @WendyShow discussing @MichelleObama's bangs &amp; All-Star @CelebApprentice 
It was just announced that I will be hosting Saturday Night Live on Nov. 7th --  look forward to it! 
Democrats can’t impeach a Republican President for crimes committed by Democrats. The facts are “pouring” in. The Greatest Witch Hunt in American History! Congress go back to work and help us at the Border with Drug Prices and on Infrastructure.
Brandon Judd President National Border Patrol Council. “This will effectively end Catch and Release and curb illegal entries.”
Congressman David Kustoff has been a champion for the Trump Agenda - I greatly appreciate his support. David is strong on crime and borders loves our Military Vets and Second Amendment. Get out and vote for David on Thursday August 2nd. He has my Full and Total Endorsement!
#ObamacareFail 
I said don't invade Iraq from the very beginning. - my @SRQRepublicans speech
...has endured because of the sweat blood and sacrifice of the American Armed Forces – the greatest force for peace and justice in the history of the world!
Just arrived at Camp David where I am monitoring the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey (as it strengthens to a Class 3). 125 MPH winds!
Received an update on Air Force One at MCAS Cherry Point in North Carolina regarding damage caused by Hurricane Dorian. 
Dick Clark was a friend of mine he lived in one of my buildings on East 61st Street. Everybody loved him. He will be missed.
Governor John Kasich of the GREAT GREAT GREAT State of Ohio called to congratulate me on the win. The people of Ohio were incredible!
“Success isn't permanent and failure isn't fatal.” – Mike Ditka
Back from Japan after a very successful trip. Big progress on MANY fronts. A great country with a wonderful leader in Prime Minister Abe!
Matt Harvey @Mets -- Don't let the @NYDailyNews get you down---nobody reads it. Play well.
I heard that the underachieving John King of @CNN on Inside Politics was one hour of lies. Happily few people are watching - dead network!
Heading now to the Great State of Alabama!
.@SheriffClarke  Great insight  in dealing with the media today. You are a wonderful representative of calm and reason a real pro!
Just signed one of the most important and largest Trade Deals in U.S. and World History. The United States Mexico and Canada worked so well together in crafting this great document. The terrible NAFTA will soon be gone. The USMCA will be fantastic for all!
Yet more evidence of a media-rigged election: 
Pervert Alert! Serial sexter @anthonyweiner has promised to use twitter as a “tool.” Parentsmake sure your children have him blocked.
We need your vote. Go to the POLLS! Let's continue this MOVEMENT! Find your poll location:  
The average 401(k) balance has SOARED since the bottom of the market - 466%. Wow!
...want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort. 10000 Federal workers now on Island doing a fantastic job.
We're all proud of @erictrump for being on @Forbes 30 Under 30 list. 
“President Donald J. Trump’s Administration is Providing Support to Those Impacted by Hurricane Florence” 
What a night! 10000 amazing supporters in Greenville South Carolina! THANK YOU!VOTE on Saturday! #VoteTrumpSC 
The only Forbes 5 Star &amp; 5 Diamond hotel with a 5 Star &amp; 5 Diamond restaurant @TrumpNewYork offers elite luxury 
Crooked Hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at Turnberry. Shows me hitting shot but I never did = lie! Was there to support son
Crazy Dennis Rodman is saying I wanted to go to North Korea with him. Never discussed no interest last place on Earth I want to go to.
The upcoming season of @CelebApprentice will be terrific--a great cast.
Was @foxandfriends just named the most influential show in news? You deserve it - three great people! The many Fake News Hate Shows should study your formula for success!
There has never been a president who has been tougher (but fair) on China or Russia - Never just look at the facts. The Fake News tries so hard to paint the opposite picture.
New Zogby poll— highly respected— but the media won’t report it because it gives me an even bigger lead!     
“Mold yourself into the person who can do big things.” – Think Big
.@BillKristol   Bill your small and slightly failing magazine will be a giant success when you finally back Trump. Country will soar!
Our nation has a duty to care for our vets &amp; their families. It's time to do it! Let’s Make America Great Again! 
We need a president who knows how to get things done who can keep America strong safe and free and who can (cont)  19:19:07,85,10,false,156817361683480577TwitLonger Beta,Restoring American wealth will require that we get tough. The next president must understand that America's (cont) 
When will the Radical Left Congresswomen apologize to our Country the people of Israel and even to the Office of the President for the foul language they have used and the terrible things they have said. So many people are angry at them &amp; their horrible &amp; disgusting actions!
Strange statement by Bob Corker considering that he is constantly asking me whether or not he should run again in '18. Tennessee not happy!
It pays to have friends in high places- like the Justice Department. Clearly the Clintons do. #DrainTheSwamp! 
“Obama doesn’t respect the fact that the money he wastes belongs to us. He thinks that the wealth you create (cont) 
“President Trump Calls the U.S.-France Relationship ‘Unbreakable.’ History Shows He’s Right.” 
Hillary Clinton colluded with the Democratic Party in order to beat Crazy Bernie Sanders. Is she allowed to so collude? Unfair to Bernie!
Why does Obama believe he shouldn't comply with record releases that his predecessors did of their own volition? Hiding something?
In America we don't worship government - we worship God. #ValuesVotersSummit 
Trump National Doral will have big crowds this weekend for the WGC. THE BLUE MONSTER IS READY FOR THE WORLD'S TOP FIFTY PLAYERS!
Impeachment King Steyer (how did that work out?) spent 200 Million Dollars and got less than 1% of the vote in Iowa and only 3% of the Vote in New Hampshire. Could it be that something is just plain missing? Not easy to do what I did is it?
Even if @BarackObama stays in DC taxpayers will pay millions for his Hawaii vacation when Americans are struggling 
Just finished reading a poorly written &amp; very boring book on the General Motors Building by Vicky Ward. Waste of time! @WileyBiz
Check out ShouldTrumpRun....
Degenerate former Congressman Anthony Weiner is trying to make a comeback. He is a sick &amp; perverted man that New York does not want or need.
When it comes to violent crime and if we are going to solve the problem we must stop being so politically correct-must tell it like it is!
The mother of the Boston killers (not suspects) says her boys are totally innocent and were set up-I can see the 14 year long defense now!
It was my honor to welcome @NASCAR Cup Series Champion @MartinTruex_Jr and his team to the @WhiteHouse yesterday! 
Under Mayor @MikeBloomberg and Police Commissioner @Ray Kelly all violent crime in NYC is down dramatically. That's leadership.
I was thrilled to be back in Minnesota for a roundtable with hardworking American Patriots. Thank you! 
Let’s be honest if Obama thought he could get away with campaigning during the storm then he would have been in Ohio on Monday.
Nancy Pelosi just had a nervous fit. She hates that we will soon have 182 great new judges and sooo much more. Stock Market and employment records. She says she “prays for the President.” I don’t believe her not even close. Help the homeless in your district Nancy. USMCA?
: @realDonaldTrump @HelpUServe When we have people eating out of trash cans in this country we have no business helping any other country"
If the Republicans need a chief negotiator I am always available--or can recommend some really good ones!
With allies like Egypt and Libya who needs enemies?!
Congratulations to our new CIA Director Gina Haspel! 
What did you think of my decision? #CelebApprentice
Just saw Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine together. ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. They don't look presidential to me!

....the number of people who are no longer looking for jobs but who are now seeing the opportunity for job growth you’ve got to give the President an A Plus for that.”  Thank you Robert one of our great business leaders!
Writing my inaugural address at the Winter White House Mar-a-Lago three weeks ago. Looking forward to Friday.… 
With all the talk of fiscal responsibility at the @DNC convention yesterday it was ironic that the debt passed $16T.
The Democrats have a death wish in more ways than one - they actually want to abolish ICE. This should cost them heavily in the Midterms. Yesterday the Republicans overwhelmingly passed a bill supporting ICE!
China is taking the oil from Iraq after we spent 1.5 trillion dollars and thousands of lives for their "freedom". Our leaders are so stupid!
Head of Air Force's anti-sexual assault unit arrested for sexual assault! It just seems that our Country is not what it used to be.
James Comey illegally leaked classified documents to the press in order to generate a Special Council? Therefore the Special Council was established based on an illegal act? Really does everybody know what that means?
An amazing article by Kevin Gabriel-   A must read by friends and foes of President Obama. End date is tomorrow at noon.
Thank you @ASavageNation and keep up the great work!
Really enjoyed my interview with @marklevinshow. He is terrific!
...Overall the Academy Awards were very average at best.
....No Pressure at all said Ukraine! Very congenial a perfect call. The Whistleblower and others spoke BEFORE seeing the Transcript. Now they must apologize to me and stop this ridiculous impeachment!
My comments on a larger screen iPhone were in addition to existing unit not a replacement. Screen should be 10% larger than Samsung.
Join me tomorrow in Plymouth New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPrimary 
Thanks for all of the nice tweets re Sgt. Tahmooressi. Especially nice that the money will be sent today #VeteransDay.
....to the people that got you there. Keep fighting for Tucker and fight hard for @JudgeJeanine. Your competitors are jealous - they all want what you’ve got - NUMBER ONE. Don’t hand it to them on a silver platter. They can’t beat you you can only beat yourselves!
Thank you to Franklin Graham for stating that his father the late great Billy Graham voted for me in the 2016 Election. I know how pleased you are with the work we have all done together! 
#VoteTrumpMI! #
My @FoxNews interview w/@seanhannity  
Does anybody like Lyin' Ted? 
Thank you @marklevinshow!
....People do not yet realize how much of the Wall including really effective renovation has already been built. If the Democrats do not give us the votes to secure our Country the Military will build the remaining sections of the Wall. They know how important it is!
The people of Alabama will do the right thing. Doug Jones is Pro-Abortion weak on Crime Military and Illegal Immigration Bad for Gun Owners and Veterans and against the WALL. Jones is a Pelosi/Schumer Puppet. Roy Moore will always vote with us. VOTE ROY MOORE!
With the two wacko perverts--Spitzer and Weiner--NYC politics has become a joke all over the world.
Via @haaretzcom: “Donald Trump calls Obama Israel's greatest enemy” 
“When everyone works with the same energy loyalty and focus it makes for smooth sailing all around.” – Midas Touch
Barack Obama has everything to gain. Why would anyone ever deny $5M to charity?
We need a president who is smart and tough enough to recognize the national security threat China poses in the (cont)  20:01:33,62,11,false,169511618261159936Twitter Web Client,In today's #trumpvlog I speak about the chopper recently made for me by @occhoppers.... #CelebApprentice,02-14-2012 19:55:57,13,8,false,169510205686677504Twitter Web Client,@BarackObama's budget funds the Arab Spring" with $800B and the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt $1.3B in military aid. He loves radical Islam.
If the press would cover me accurately &amp; honorably I would have far less reason to "tweet." Sadly I don't know if that will ever happen!
Weekly jobless claims are now at an astronomical 365000. Manufacturing sector is suffering badly. We must do better.  
Iowa was amazing last night. The event could not have worked out better. We raised $6000000 for our great vets. They were so happy &amp; proud
Iran is rapidly taking over more and more of Iraq even after the U.S. has squandered three trillion dollars there. Obvious long ago!
I was the first &amp; only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security Medicare &amp; Medicaid. Huckabee copied me.
Trump shows complete domination of Facebook conversation 
A lot of winning in Kentucky. Check out the numbers. 
Congratulations to the 2019 Indianapolis 500 Winner @IMS @SimonPagenaud and @Team_Penske! @IndyCar🏆🏁 
When I look at all of the money the special interests and lobbyists are giving to candidates beware - the candidates are mere puppets $$$$!
Have a good chance to win Texas on Tuesday. Cruz is a nasty guy not one Senate endorsement and despite talk gets nothing done. Loser!
Here we go again via @timesunion.com  ... another bad deal.
Ted Cruz said on @oreillyfactor that illegals sent out of country by my administration would come right back as citizens. Another lie-crazy!
U.S. tuitions are completely out of control. In the last 4 years the average price has gone up by 15%.  Unsustainable!
The #CelebrityApprentice Sunday night on NBC at 9 PM. Another exciting episode is ready to go. 
#TrumpVlog #TheInterviewMovie A sad day for freedom of speech- 
I will start reviewing various political reporters etc &amp; websites as to their professionalism &amp; fairness—many people asking for this.
Congratulations to Prime Minister Abe of Japan and the IOC on their very wise decision to present the Olympics in 2021. It will be a great success and I look forward to being there!
I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavor.--Henry David Thoreau
TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Under a Trump administration it's called #AmericaFirst! #
The Democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election and so badly (306) so they made up a story - RUSSIA. Fake news!
Bill Kristol has been wrong for 2yrs-an embarrassed loser but if the GOP can't control their own then they are not a party. Be tough R's!
I don't know if Hillary will be able to run she is a walking time bomb!
It's Jan. 2. President Obama should end his vacation early &amp; get back to Washington to straighten out the ObamaCare catastrophe--or end it.
Jenna Ellis  “FBI thought they wouldn’t get caught because they thought that Hillary was going to win. There is overt bias and that depends on whether you are Democrat or Republican - a double standard that needs to stop.”
Today it was my great honor to welcome President Mirziyoyev of Uzbekistan to the @WhiteHouse! 
Phyllis Schlafly: Trump is 'last hope for America'  
President Obama if it is important to you I will substantially increase the $5M offer!
.@danawhite - You have done an amazing job - I am proud to have been there at the very beginning!
Focus on your goals not your problems. Problems are a mind exercise--learn to play beyond your comfort zone.
“Becoming an entrepreneur is a personal-development program. If you grow personally your business will grow.” – Midas Touch
Ohio is losing jobs to Mexico now losing Ford (and many others). Kasich is weak on illegal immigration. We need strong borders now!
So @TeamCavuto has very bad ratings on @foxnews with his Fake guests like A.B.Stoddard and others that still haven’t figured it all out. Will he get the same treatment as his friend Shepherd Smith who also suffered from the ratings drought?
We salute our great American flag we put our hands on our hearts for the pledge of Allegiance and we all PROUDLY STAND for the National Anthem. #CPAC2018 
China has openly stated that they are actively trying to impact and change our election by attacking our farmers ranchers and industrial workers because of their loyalty to me. What China does not understand is that these people are great patriots and fully understand that.....
The Mainstream Media is under fire and being scorned all over the World as being corrupt and FAKE. For two years they pushed the Russian Collusion Delusion when they always knew there was No Collusion. They truly are the Enemy of the People and the Real Opposition Party!

My son @EricTrump and @LaraLeaYunaska just announced their engagement. Great news! A wonderful couple!
A segment from last night's @piersmorgan interview discussing @CoryBooker and fighting fire with fire in a campaign 
“Congressman Schiff omitted and distorted key facts” @FoxNews  So what else is new. He is a total phony!
Well the New Year begins. We will together MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
DOW RISES 5000 POINTS ON THE YEAR FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Last year was the first in 51 years where prescription drug prices actually went down but things have been and are being put in place that will drive them down substantially. If Dems would work with us in a bipartisan fashion we would get big results very fast!
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY!
I will be visiting Trump Int'l Golf Links in Scotland tomorrow. Always great to see the Great Dunes of Scotland.  
My @foxandfriends interview discussing Pres. Obama playing golf w/@TigerWoods US Airways-American merger &amp; oil 
A great Father’s Day gift—a stay at my 5 star hotel @TrumpNewYork along with items from my signature collection 
Intrinsic means basic inborn elemental. If you have an intrinsic value it cannot be taken away. - Think Like a Champion
America's top public course @TrumpGolfLA’s greens on Palos Verdes Peninsula have been celebrated by @GolfMagazine 
The Keystone pipeline will create 20000 jobs and lower gas prices. But Obama says No. Dumb.
He @BarackObama wants 23 years of @MittRomney's tax returns  Let's see BHO's school (cont) 
I will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years! #Debate  #BigLeagueTruth 
See you tomorrow Wisconsin!'Trump spurs small-business optimism in Milwaukee area'
It has been a pleasure to make so many friends and meet so many great people on the trail this past cycle.  We will fight on!
In Bangladesh hostages were immediately killed by ISIS terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the Koran. 20 were killed!
Rev. Wright called @BarackObama on tape a liar. Why isn't this being looked into? It would be a great commercial for the republicans.
President and Mrs. Obama built/has a ten foot Wall around their D.C. mansion/compound. I agree totally necessary for their safety and security. The U.S. needs the same thing slightly larger version!
Last year I signed legislation that gives our Veterans CHOICE through private providers and at urgent care facilities! Today we fully funded this $10 billion a year effort that gets our brave Veterans care quickly and close to home.
Entrepreneurs: Do your best to your utmost ability every day. Make that your standard.
Today I officially declared my candidacy for President of the United States. Watch the video of my full speech- 
#MarchForLife 
...(enthusiastic dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong). To bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!
....No matter where you may be I encourage you to turn towards prayer in an act of faith. Together we will easily PREVAIL!
Will be speaking today at the Republican Jewish Coalition (@RJC) meeting in Las Vegas Nevada. See everyone soon! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the U.S.A.G. to work out a deal. The system is totally rigged &amp; corrupt!
What you dream about is what you do. If you cannot even dream of doing big things you will never do anything big.--Think Big
मैं  इसी  लिए भारत आया हूँ सद्भावना और प्रेम के साथ ताकि हम अपनी अभिलाषा  प्रतीक अपनी सांझेदारी और अविश्वसनीय  विस्तार  सकें l 
Get your ballots in Colorado - I will see you soon -- and we will win!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
“Live Free or Die.” – motto of New Hampshire
Everybody should boycott the @megynkelly show. Never worth watching. Always a hit on Trump! She is sick &amp; the most overrated person on tv.
I am self funding my campaign so I do not owe anything to lobbyists &amp; special interests.  
As ONE UNITED NATION we will work we will pray and we will fight for the day when every family across our land can live in a DRUG FREE AMERICA! #RxSummit2019 
Today @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome Prime Minister @TurnbullMalcolm and Mrs. Turnbull of Australia to the @WhiteHouse!🇺🇸🇦🇺Press Conference:  
Ronald Reagan’s great economist the recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom has just said great things about a Payroll Tax Cut!
In moments like thiswe are all just Americans. I join with the President religious and civic leaders and encourage all to pray today.
Via  Interview with Donald Trump about Presidential Aspirations: It's all a deal"  
Congratulations to our new Miss USA  the beautiful Rima Fakih.  Rima will represent us well at Miss Universe and be a wonderful Miss USA .
'Trump administration seen as more truthful than news media'
.@David_Cameron  Why do you give Scotland so much money to destroy their magnificent land with wind turbines-causing massive taxes &amp; E bills
Via @BreitbartNews by @j_strong: “Obama Administration Quietly Prepares ‘Surge of Millions’ of New Immigrant Ids” 
Will be doing @oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!
Do you believe that Secy. KERRY just went to Egypt to talk about "human rights problems" and this as everything is being blown up around him
Entrepreneurs:  Having a product requires something very important--you have to think about the market. Do your due diligence.
Hillary says this election is about judgment.  She's right.  Her judgement has killed thousands unleashed ISIS and wrecked the economy.
Anthony Scaramucci who was quickly terminated (11 days) from a position that he was totally incapable of handling now seems to do nothing but television as the all time expert on “President Trump.” Like many other so-called television experts he knows very little about me.....
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo returned last night from Saudi Arabia and Turkey. I met with him this morning wherein the Saudi situation was discussed in great detail including his meeting with...
Don’t get why @FoxNews puts losers on like @RepSwalwell (who got ZERO as presidential candidate before quitting) Pramila Jayapal David Cicilline and others who are Radical Left Haters? The Dems wouldn’t let @FoxNews get near their bad ratings debates yet Fox panders. Pathetic!
John McCain had a really hard time with his town hall meeting on immigration. They really went after him!
Funny if you listen to @FoxNews the Democrats did not have a good day. If you listen to the other two they are fawning. What a difference
....Do you believe Nelly worked for Fusion and her husband STILL WORKS FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF “JUSTICE.” I have never seen anything so Rigged in my life. Our A.G. is scared stiff and Missing in Action. It is all starting to be revealed - not pretty. IG Report soon?  Witch Hunt!
.@BarackObama should release all his records (like other Presidents)....
El Chapo comes to the U.S. often thru our border—it's been revealed he has CA drivers license. 
'Trump signs bill undoing Obama coal mining rule' 
Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve Fail Again. No “guts” no sense no vision!  A terrible communicator!
Entrepreneurs must have vision plus the power of focus... to see the future and turn their vision into a profitable reality. #MidasTouch
Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.The internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off &amp; use better!
When nobody wanted the UFC I opened the way by letting them fight at the Trump Taj Mahal in Atlantic City. Dana White has done a great job!
....likewise billions of dollars gets brought into Mexico    through the border. We get the killers drugs &amp; crime they get the money!
Notice the first word in my Think Big credo: Think = the 1st step. Use everything in your power to utilize &amp; develop that capacity.
I have fun I love what I do. You should too. Find out how at the National Achievers Conference this October. 
Don't let up keep getting out to vote - this election is FAR FROM OVER! We are doing well but there is much time left. GO FLORIDA!
....are all coming back to the U.S. So is everyone else. We now have the best Economy in the World the envy of all. Get that big beautiful plant in Ohio open now. Close a plant in China or Mexico where you invested so heavily pre-Trump but not in the U.S.A. Bring jobs home!
Tomorrow the House votes on #KatesLaw &amp; No Sanctuary For Criminals Act. Lawmakers must vote to put American safety… 
Important meeting today on Border Security with Republican and Democrat Leaders in Congress. Both parties must work together to pass a Funding Bill that protects this Nation and its people – this is the first and most important duty of government...

“In the Media’s effort to destroy the President they are actually destroying themselves. Given all of the tremendous headwinds this President has faced it’s amazing he has accomplished so much.” DEROY MURDOCK @foxandfriends  I agree!

Congratulations to Obama and the @DNC. The federal deficit has topped $1T for a fourth year in a row   Nice work!
Tens of millions of dollars in airstrikes had no impact because key leaders fled after hearing ON NEWS REPORTS the strikes were coming. DUMB
Great article in @torontodotcom - "@DonaldJTrumpJr: the original apprentice"  
...Maybe the best thing to do would be to cancel all future "press briefings" and hand out written responses for the sake of accuracy???
Schumer and the Democrats are big fans of being weak and passive with Iran. They have no clue as to the danger they would be inflicting on our Country. Iran is in financial chaos now because of the sanctions and Iran Deal termination. Dems put us in a bad place - but now good!
RUSH LIMBAUGH  “If the FBI was so concerned and if they weren’t targeting Trump they should have told Trump. If they were really concerned about the Russians infiltrating a campaign (hoax) then why not try to stop it? Why not tell Trump? Because they were pushing this scam.”
The movie may be garbage but we can’t let a foreign country dictate to us what to watch.  @SonyPictures
Upstate New York needs jobs. Frack Now &amp; Frack Fast! Pay off NY State debt.
The Radical Left Democrats together with their leaders in the Fake News Media have gone totally insane! I guess that means that the Republican agenda is working. Stay tuned for more!
Just spoke to Mary Barra CEO of General Motors about the Lordstown Ohio plant. I am not happy that it is closed when everything else in our Country is BOOMING. I asked her to sell it or do something quickly. She blamed the UAW Union — I don’t care I just want it open!
Thank you Lake Worth Florida. @foxandfriends
Schiff is a lying disaster for our Country. He should resign! 
Now even @BarackObama's old professors are coming out in opposition to his re-election.   He has embarrassed them.
My thoughts on Joe Paterno and political analysts in today's #trumpvlog... 
Michele Bachmann just dropped out of prez race--- when she didn't do the Newsmax debate it showed great disloyalty and people rejected her.
Via @newhampshirecom:“Tickets on sale for Loeb School Event featuring Donald Trump” 
The party of the year in Palm Beach was the New Year's Eve celebration at the Mar-a-Lago Club--it was amazing. 
Due to the holiday I will NOT be doing Fox &amp; Friends this morning. Next Monday at 7.
The Audacity of @BarackObama--the Federal Reserve purchased 61% of all debt issued by Treasury in 2011. Killing our children's future.
Axios (whatever that is) sat back and said GEEEEE let’s see what can we make up today to embarrass the President? Then they said “why don’t we say he wants to bomb a hurricane that should do it!” The media in our Country is totally out of control!
A Giant Scam! 
Thank you the very dishonest Fake News Media is out of control! 
Featuring five championship golf courses including the Blue Monster @TrumpDoral is South Miami’s top destination 
Supporters waiting to hear me speak in Oskaloosa Iowa. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Strong jobs report low inflation and other countries around the world doing anything possible to take advantage of the United States knowing that our Federal Reserve doesn’t have a clue! They raised rates too soon too often &amp; tightened while others did just the opposite....
“FBI’s Christopher Steele (FAKE) Story Falls Apart: False Intel &amp; Media Contacts Were Flagged Before FISA.” John Solomon The Hill. @seanhannity
“The Senate shall set the time and place of the trial.” If the Do Nothing Democrats decide in their great wisdom not to show up they would lose by Default!
“You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.” – Pres. Abraham Lincoln
Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunites &amp; possibilities &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!
Germany is going through massive attacks to its people  by the migrants allowed to enter the country. New Years Eve was a disaster. THINK!
...Why did the DNC REFUSE to turn over its Server to the FBI and still hasn't? It's all a big Dem scam and excuse for losing the election!
Look I have always liked Lance Armstrong- I just hated what he did to himself including recently. His life will now be hell.
It was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece to the WH today! 🎥 📸 
FLASHBACK -  October 9 2012: “Donald Trump: Jobs Numbers Are 'A Lot Of Monkey Business'”   Proven right again!
Labor Unions Giving Serious Thought to Endorsing Trump via Washington Examiner  
If ObamaCare is hurting people &amp; it is why shouldn't it hurt the insurance companies &amp; why should Congress not be paying what public pays?
Heading to Ohio!
Can you believe it? I’m at 94% approval in the Republican Party and have Three Stooges running against me. One is “Mr. Appalachian Trail” who was actually in Argentina for bad reasons....
....coincides with the retirement of Dan Coats. A new Acting Director of National Intelligence will be named shortly.
Why are we giving China foreign aid? Couldn't the Super Committee have agreed to at least cut that outlay? #TimeToGetTough
Today it was my great honor to welcome and host the 2018 @NASCAR Cup Series Champion @JoeyLogano and @Team_Penske to the @WhiteHouse! 
This is a crossroads in the history of our civilization that will determine whether or not We The People reclaim c…  22:50:04,16977,33428,false,786700561743687680Twitter for iPhone,Great event in Columbus- taking off for Cincinnati now. Great new Ohio poll out- thank you!OHIO NBC/WSJ/MARIST POLLTrump 42% Clinton 41%,10-13-2016 22:14:56,10543,31318,false,786691718062235649Twitter for iPhone,Just left a great rally in Florida - now heading to Ohio for two more. Will be there soon.,10-13-2016 20:04:14,8838,31951,false,786658827429154816Twitter for iPhone,I am making a major speech in West Palm Beach Florida at noon. Tune in!,10-13-2016 15:28:34,9658,31334,false,786589454991499264Twitter for iPhone,Thank you! #MAGA #AmericaFirst  15:27:27,14076,32417,false,786589172911964161Twitter for iPhone,Join me in Ohio &amp; Maine!Cincinnati Ohio- tonight @ 7:30pm:  Maine - Saturday @ 3pm…  13:52:14,7310,19017,false,786565208663785476Twitter Web Client,The phony story in the failing @nytimes is a TOTAL FABRICATION. Written by same people as last discredited story on women. WATCH!,10-13-2016 13:35:12,14789,36489,false,786560925113266176Twitter for Android,Why didn't the writer of the twelve year old article in People Magazine mention the incident" in her story. Because it did not happen!
Join me tomorrow night at 7:00pm MDT in Billings Montana for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY! Get your tickets here: 
No money was paid to North Korea for Otto Warmbier not two Million Dollars not anything else. This is not the Obama Administration that paid 1.8 Billion Dollars for four hostages or gave five terroist hostages plus who soon went back to battle for traitor Sgt. Bergdahl!
National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day - “A day that will live in infamy!” December 7 1941
A PERFECT phone call. “Can you do us (not me. Us is referring to our Country) a favor.” Then go on to talk about “Country” and “U.S. Attorney General.” The Impeachment Hoax is just a continuation of the Witch Hunt which has been going on for 3 years. We will win!  #MAGAKAG #2020
 
.....the first 2 1/2 years of his Presidency including the fact that we have one of the best Economies in the history of our Country. It is called Earned Media. In any event enjoy the show!
.@ThrillistChi named @SixteenChicago @TrumpChicago one of the “best value Michelin-starred restaurants in Chicago” 
“Get in. Get it done. Get it done right. Get out.” – My father Fred C. Trump
“Worry destroys focus.” – Think Big
So sad that Obama rejected Keystone Pipeline. Thousands of jobs good for the environment no downside!
Obama wants Americans to keep buying crude from OPEC who is ripping us off instead of our ally Canada through (cont) 
Thank you Lori so true! 
Just had a big victory in Federal Court over the Democrats in the House on the desperately needed Border Wall. A big step in the right direction. Wall is under construction!
.@NBC really happy with how well the #MissUniverse pageant went.
Rod Blagojevich the former Governor of Illinois was sentenced to 14 years in prison. He has served 7 years. Many people have asked that I study the possibility of commuting his sentence in that it was a very severe one. White House staff is continuing the review of this matter.
I will  be releasing the full interview with a guy named Baxter @antbaxter only to show the bias and stupidity of him and @BBCWorld. Clowns!
The biggest story yesterday the one that has the Dems in a dither is Podesta running from his firm. What he know about Crooked Dems is....
The top course on the west coast @TrumpGolfLA overlooks Pacific Ocean &amp; offers a luxurious public golf experience 
Learn work and think in equal proportions and you'll be going in the right direction.
China Iran &amp; other foreign countries are looking at the Democrat Candidates and “drooling” over the small prospect that they could be dealing with them in the not too distant future. They would be able to rip off our beloved USA like never before. With President Trump NO WAY!
“Schiff blasted for not focusing on California homeless.” @foxandfriends  His District is in terrible shape. He is a corrupt pol who only dreams of the Impeachment Hoax. In my opinion he is mentally deranged!
#TBT With Tommy Lee Jones at Mar-a-Lago. 
Thank you @SenateGOP! 
I will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Check out the fact that you can’t get a job at ratings challenged @CNN unless you state that you are totally anti-Trump? Little Jeff Zuker whose job is in jeopardy is not having much fun lately. They should clean up and strengthen CNN and get back to honest reporting!
Disaster! The @BarackObama tax hikes set for 2013 are going "to throw us back into a recession" according to the CBO 
Remember: Obama turned down $5M to charity which I said I would increase by 10X to $50M--just to show simple records. He's hiding lots!
... It is all about incorporating a sense of optimism into everything you do while also acknowledging the negative.” – Think Big
....swing states that went to Trump in 2016 because he promised not to forget about them like the establishment had done for decades and their trust in President Trump paid off as they saw their incomes rise...And it’s the lowest paid workers who have gained the most with....
With our amazing All Star cast @Joan_Rivers @johnrich @ArsenioOFFICIAL &amp; @piersmorgan are also returning as boardroom advisors.
My friend and very early supporter Kris Kobach won the Republican Nomination for Governor of Kansas last night in a tough race against a very fine opponent. Kris will win in November and be a great Governor. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
Gina Haspel my highly respected nominee to lead the CIA is being praised for the fact that she has been and alway will be TOUGH ON TERROR! This is a woman who has been a leader wherever she has gone. The CIA wants her to lead them into America’s  bright and glorious future!
I was proud to be one of Ronald Reagan's earliest supporters. Like Reagan it's time to Make America Great Again!
US-Korea Free Trade Agreement Signing Ceremony! 
Once again Israel faces a barrage of deadly rocket attacks by terrorist groups Hamas and Islamic Jihad. We support Israel 100% in its defense of its citizens....
.@ChuckGrassley - got your message loud and clear. We have fantastic people on the ground got there long before #Harvey. So far so good!
This is not a media event or about Donald J. Trump--- this is about the United States of America. I will be (cont) 
With the impending crisis in Korea is it a big confidence builder that Chuck Hagel is Sec. of Defense? Elections have consequences.
California gas prices going thru the roof others to follow. An election-losing event for Obama.
We are here to honor the extraordinary contributions of African-Americans to every aspect of American Life History and Culture. From the earliest days of this Nation African-American Leaders Pioneers &amp; Visionaries have uplifted &amp; inspired our Country...
Spent very little time with Andrew McCabe but he never took notes when he was with me. I don’t believe he made memos except to help his own agenda probably at a later date. Same with lying James Comey. Can we call them Fake Memos?
....He is also my friend! At the same time I am pleased to nominate Deputy Secretary Dan Brouillette to be the new Secretary of Energy. Dan’s experience in the sector is unparalleled. A total professional I have no doubt that Dan will do a great job!
Just cancelled my subscription to @USATODAY. Boring newspaper with no mojo--must be losing a fortune. Founder (cont) 
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau or CFPB has been a total disaster as run by the previous Administrations pick. Financial Institutions have been devastated and unable to properly serve the public. We will bring it back to life!
All he does is go on television is talk talk talk but incapable of doing anything.
Our Southern border is totally out of control. This is an absolutely disgraceful. situation. We need border security!
One year ago today a horrific act of violence took the lives of 14 students and 3 educators in Parkland Florida. On this somber anniversary we honor their memory and recommit to ensuring the safety of all Americans especially our Nation’s children...  
Via @UnionLeader BY Bill Smith: “GOP rally in Manchester fires up party faithful” 
GREAT NEWS! #MAGA 
In 2016 the Old Post Office will be fully transformed into an iconic destination Trump Int'l Washington DC 
.@nbc did a great job last night with the @GoldenGlobes!
Wow Senator Luther Strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement. Now in September runoff. Strong on Wall &amp; Crime!
Happy to have passed 800000 followers.  Looking forward to passing 1M sooner than later.
The truly great Phyllis Schlafly who honored me with her strong endorsement for president has passed away at 92. She was very special!
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Eastern. ENJOY!
Anderson Silva just got knocked out by new champion Chris Weidman! Congrats to Chris.
This Ebola patient Thomas Duncan who fraudulently entered the U.S. by signing false papers is causing havoc. If he lives prosecute!
The Democrats now realize that there is a National Emergency at the Border and that if we work together it can be immediately fixed. We need Democrat votes and all will be well!
I love Canada but they’ve taken advantage of our Country for many years!
Great new campaign ad just released by @MittRomney  
Not only does the media give a platform to hate groups but the media turns a blind eye to the gang violence on our streets! 
Just out: The same Russian Ambassador that met Jeff Sessions visited the Obama White House 22 times and 4 times last year alone.
Later today I’m being honored at the Park Hyatt in Washington D.C. by the Wharton Club. The Joseph Wharton Award Dinner. A great honor.
....They are anti-Israel pro Al-Qaeda and comment on the 9/11 attack “some people did something.” Radical Left Democrats want Open Borders which means drugs crime human trafficking and much more....
I try to learn from the past but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's where the fun is. ~Donald Trump"
Tremendous things achieved for U.S. on my NATO trip. Proudly for our Country no President has ever achieved so much in so little time. Without a U.S. increase other countries have already increased by $130 Billion-with $400 Billion soon. Such a thing has never been done before!
Volkswagen will be spending 800 million dollars in Chattanooga Tennessee. They will be making Electric Cars. Congratulations to Chattanooga and Tennessee on a job well done. A big win!
.@Rasmussen_Poll just came out at 48% approval rate despite the constant and intense Fake News. Higher than Election Day and higher than President Obama. Rasmussen was one of the most accurate Election Day polls!
....what they were doing. There’s plenty of indication we don’t have to speculate.” @SteveDoocy “Holy cow got to read this book.” @ainsleyearhardt “WOW!”  @foxandfriends  A very serious situation. Can never be allowed to happen again! DRAIN THE SWAMP
....serving and doing a great job as your President (including accepting Zero salary!).
Price of corn has jumped over 50%. This will cause a jump in food prices perhaps beyond what we've ever seen. Nasty for the economy.
The Fake News Media never fails. Hard to ignore this fact from the Vice President of Facebook Ads Rob Goldman! 
A massive tax increase will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Clinton's agenda. What a terrible (and boring) rollout that was yesterday!
Join me! 6/10: Richmond VA - 8pm6/11: Tampa FL - 11am6/11: Pittsburgh PA - 3pm6/13: Portsmouth NH - 2:
Republicans cannot allow themselves to again lose the Senate seat in the Great State of Alabama. This time it will be for Six Years not just Two. I have NOTHING against Roy Moore and unlike many other Republican leaders wanted him to win. But he didn’t and probably won’t.....
Private business investment has surged from 1.8 percent the year BEFORE I came into office to 9.4 percent this year -- that means JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
KAREN HANDEL FOR CONGRESS. She will fight for lower taxes great healthcare strong security-a hard worker who will never give up! VOTE TODAY
Via @globegazette by John Skipper: "North Iowan says Trump serious about POTUS run - but he'll have to prove it" 
If we did all the things we are capable of we would literally astound ourselves. -- Thomas A. Edison
Thank you Marc! 
Never thought I’d say this but I think @johnrobertsFox and @GillianHTurner @FoxNews have even less understanding of the Wall negotiations than the folks at FAKE NEWS CNN &amp; NBC! Look to final results! Don’t know how my poll numbers are so good especially up 19% with Hispanics?
Great night in WI. I’m going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the PEO… 
.@KAThomas212   Congratulations on joining the finest and fastest growing group of very talented people in the City. You will be GREAT!
I am so glad @Rosie got fired by @Oprah. Rosie is a bully and it's always nice to see bullies go down!
This will prove to be a great time in the lives of ALL Americans. We will unite and we will win win win!
.@mcuban you were excellent on Howard Stern...thanks for the nice comments about my kids...yours are winners also!
If any candidate believes that with what we know today we still should have invaded Iraq then they are unqualified to be Commander-in-Chief.
Armed congregants quickly stopped a crazed church shooter in Texas. If it were not for the fact that there were people inside of the church that were both armed and highly proficient in using their weapon the end result would have been catastrophic. A big THANK YOU to them!
Good news out of the House with the passing of 'No Sanctuary for Criminals Act.' Hopefully Senate will follow.
Exclusive–Donald Trump: Obama 'Totally Out-Negotiated' by Iran Taliban 'Virtually Every Country in the World' - 
What is Frank VanderSloot getting for agreeing to back Marco Rubio? Last victim was Mitt Romney - see how that turned out.
Happy Easter to all have a great day!
Congressman Adam Schiff should resign for the Crime of after reading a transcript of my conversation with the President of Ukraine (it was perfect) fraudulently fabricating a statement of the President of the United States and reading it to Congress as though mine! He is sick!
I am a great friend and admirer of the Queen &amp; the United Kingdom. It was reported that Harry and Meghan who left the Kingdom would reside permanently in Canada. Now they have left Canada for the U.S. however the U.S. will not pay for their security protection. They must pay!
.@jimmyfallon regularly features @ApprenticeNBC contestants on his show. We love his support &amp; he’s a terrific host.Tonight: Omarosa.
For first time the failing @nytimes will take an ad (a bad one) to help save its failing reputation. Try reporting accurately &amp; fairly!
Why is such a focus put on 2nd and 3rd hand witnesses many of whom are Never Trumpers or whose lawyers are Never Trumpers when all you have to do is read the phone call (transcript) with the Ukrainian President and see first hand? He and others also stated that there was.....
It is crucial for Republicans to remain united during this shutdown
Ready to lead. Ready to Make America Great Again. #Debate #MAGA
For all of those who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain boycott @Macys. They are weak on border security &amp; stopping illegal immigration.
We should tell China that we don't want the drone they stole back.- let them keep it!
Ben Carson was speaking in general terms as to what he would do if confronted with a gunman and was not criticizing the victims. Not fair!
Will be interviewed tonight at 7 by @greta re Sony &amp; Bush
My new book tells some harsh truths and lays out some bold plans. Time for America to be #1 again.  #TimeToGetTough
Thank you @rushlimbaugh for your wonderful words. We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
...House Republicans are showing real LEADERSHIP and prepared to enact bipartisan solutions for drug prices. Do Nothing Democrats are playing partisan politics with YOUR drug prices! We are READY to work together if they actually want to get something done!
EXCLUSIVE — Video Interview: Bill Clinton Accuser Juanita Broaddrick Relives Brutal Rapes:
Donald Trump CPAC Speech: U.S. Is Run By 'Very Stupid People'  via @HuffPostPol by @elisefoley
“@realDonaldTrump: I would like to extend my best wishes to all even the haters and losers on this special date September 11th.”
New York City’s iconic architectural masterpiece @TrumpTowerNY houses prime commercial residential &amp; retail space 
.@Lawrence is the poor man's left wing @oreillyfactor(with no ratings)!
South Carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. Vote now (today) and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Leading by 13 over Landrieu in a @FoxNews poll @BillCassidy will beat her in November.
“I think today what has happened is that news reporting has become part of the adversary system.” Alan Dershowitz  It has become tainted and corrupt! DJT
....unbelievably lucky to have him and I’m just awed at how well they’ve done. It’s all the Trump magic - Trump is the magic man. Incredible he’s got the entire media against him attacking him every day and he pulls out these enormous wins.” Ben Stein “The Capitalist Code”
Wow three top MICROSOFT investors want Bill Gates out as Chairman. Do not like job he is doing!
Mitt Romney matches sitting President in fundraising for April--not an easy thing to do. Bad news for (cont) 
With an award winning course designed by Tom Fazio Trump National Philadelphia is a 360 acre exclusive jewel 
Swisher should have caught ball in right field last night.
It's record cold all over the country and world - where the hell is global warming we need some fast!
...goodwill and friendship was formed but only time will tell on trade.
.@JuliInkster  Congratulations on your great win--what a captain what a champion!
Another clip from my @greta interview discussing why Sony should not have capitulated to the hackers  No Courage!
.@TrumpGolfLA is @theknot’s pick for the "Best of Weddings"  with our Vista Terrace looking over the Pacific Ocean  
Based on new oil prices the ugly windfarms being built in Scotland will quickly die! What a mess!
Amazing how fast all of Joe Paterno's friends abandoned him. They ran for the hills.
Prime Minister Trudeau is being so indignant bringing up the relationship that the U.S. and Canada had over the many years and all sorts of other things...but he doesn’t bring up the fact that they charge us up to 300% on dairy — hurting our Farmers killing our Agriculture!
While Jon Stewart is a joke not very bright and totally overrated some losers and haters will miss him and his dumb clown humor. Too bad!
.@EricShawnonFox Highest rated Saturday Night Live in four years. 47% higher than their opening night with Hillary &amp; Miley Cyrus. Nice words
....The Fake News is not as important or as powerful as Social Media. They have lost tremendous credibility since that day in November 2016 that I came down the escalator with the person who was to become your future First Lady. When I ultimately leave office in six......
Incredible crowd in Richmond Virginia tonight! So much spirit and energy! #makeamericagreatagain 
House Democrats fresh off a Republican victory against them (in Federal Court) on the Wall  keep asking people to come and testify regarding the No Collusion Witch Hunt. They are very unhappy with the Mueller Report especially with his corrective letter &amp; now want a Do Over!
Now that the ineffective Baltimore  Police have allowed the city to be destroyed are the U.S. taxpayers expected to rebuild it (again)?
Donald Trump's Guns by @EmilyMiller @washtimes 
DRAIN THE SWAMP! We want bad people out of our government!
Fox and.Friends now!
The Scottish windfarm was conceived by the same mind that released terrorist al-Megrahi for humanitarian reasons. ..
One thing I will say about Rep. Keith Ellison in his fight to lead the DNC is that he was the one who predicted early that I would win!
Join us! #CaucusForTrump11am WATERLOO:  CEDER RAPIDS:  
I am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director! Witch Hunt
Thank you Wisconsin! Tuesday was a great success for #WorkforceWeek at @WCTC w/ @IvankaTrump &amp; @GovWalker. Remarks… 
....which he actually has a military and legal obligation to do. His incredible wife Karen who I have a lot of respect for once pulled me aside &amp; said strongly that “John respects you greatly. When we are no longer here he will only speak well of you.” Wrong!
True thanks. 
#TBT Filming an Oreo commercial with Eli Manning Peyton Manning and Darrell Hammond- 
Elections have consequences. Obama just published “final regulations for ObamaCare’s individual mandate”  Enjoy!
If the Saudis are so concerned about Syria then they should go in themselves. Stop telling us to do their dirty work.
....The only reason they do not want to build a Wall is that Walls Work! 99% of our illegal Border crossings will end crime in our Country will go way down and we will save billions of dollars a year! A properly planned and constructed Wall will pay for itself many times a year!
Via @THESHARKTANK1: "Donald Trump's Controversial Mexican Comments Are Accurate" 
Ed Gillespie will be a great Governor of Virginia. His opponent doesn't even show up to meetings/work and will be VERY weak on crime!
Can you believe we still have not gotten our Marine out of Mexico. He sits in prison while our PRESIDENT plays golf and makes bad decisions!
Vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
If we reelect @BarackObama the America we leave our kids and grandkids won't look like the America we were (cont)  18:52:39,146,15,false,183265014692585472TwitLonger Beta,With China beating us like a punching bag daily OPEC vacuuming our wallets clean and jobs nowhere in sight (cont) 
My @foxandfriends interview discussing @BarackObama's #WHCD lowering tax rates Republic of Georgia &amp; (cont) 
THANK YOU SYRACUSE! # 
The Muslim brotherhood is sending tanks into the Sinai &amp; saying it doesn't violate Camp David accord.
Located in beautiful Briarcliff NY @TrumpNationalNY features a 7291 yard course just 25 minutes outside NYC 
Donald Trump reads Top Ten Financial Tips on Late Show with David Letterman:  - Very funny!

Get to the essence immediately. Learn to economize. People appreciate brevity in today's world. -- Think Like a Champion
Iowa was fantastic last night amazing crowd and people. I'm now in Florida getting ready to go to South Carolina. Big crowd very exciting

Received a #HurricaneHarvey briefing this morning from Acting @DHSgov Secretary Elaine Duke @FEMA_Brock @TomBossert45 and COS John Kelly. 
....fashioned but true. When you don’t need or want money you don’t need or want banks. Banks have always been available to me they want to make money. Fake Media only says this to disparage and always uses unnamed sources (because their sources don’t even exist)......
Certain Republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the U.S.Supreme Court get proper appointments. Sad!
Just returned to the White House from the Great State of North Carolina. What a crowd and what great people. The enthusiasm blows away our rivals on the Radical Left. #2020 will be a big year for the Republican Party!
For all of the Fake News Sunday Political Shows whose bias &amp; dishonesty is greater than ever seen in our Country before please inform your viewers that our Economy is setting records with more people employed today than at any time in U.S. history our Military which....
“New Polls Say Most Americans Oppose Impeachment.” @foxandfriends  I did nothing wrong. This will be the first Impeachment ever where there was no crime. They don’t even allege a crime. Crazy!
Nancy Pelosi is looking for a Quid Pro Quo with the Senate. Why aren’t we Impeaching her?
The devastation left by Hurricane Irma was far greater at least in certain locationsthan anyone thought - but amazing people working hard!
Big meetings today at the United Nations. So many interesting leaders. America First will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
When you have people snipping at your heels during a negotiation it will only take longer to make a deal and the deal will never be as good as it could have been with unity. Negotiations are going really well be cool. The end result will be worth it!
.@DannyTarkanian of Nevada is a great friend who supports the Trump Agenda. He is Strong on Crime the Border and our under siege 2nd Amendment. Danny Loves our Military and our Vets. He has my total and complete Endorsement!
The best deals are good for everyone which creates a win-win situation. Negotiation is persuasion more than power.
Andrew McCarthy - “I said this could never happen. This is so bad that they should be looking at the judges who signed off on this stuff not just the people who gave it. It is so bad it screams out at you.”  On the whole FISA scam which led to the rigged Mueller Witch Hunt!
Bashar Assad is stronger today than he was before Obama threatened military action. Obama really bungled this.
Glad to see that Jamie Dimon passed yesterday's shareholder vote. The JP Morgan stock holders understand that a good CEO is worth keeping.
....had while the Democrats are just looking out for elections. This President should just continue to fight like he’s always fought for himself &amp; for this Country. Continue to put forth policies like prescription drugs &amp; trade policies. That’s what makes this President stand..
China is our enemy. It's time we start acting like it and if we do our job correctly China will gain a whole (cont)  19:08:27,98,11,false,187255259607994368Twitter Web Client,Money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game." #TheArtofTheDeal
Where are @RepMarkMeadows @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador?#RepealANDReplace #Obamacare
First responders have been doing heroic work. Their courage &amp; devotion has saved countless lives – they represent the very best of America! 
While @BarackObama tries to push gun control  --He still has not answered for Project Gun Runner 
Very good numbers on the economy. Much potential for growth. Trade deals being negotiated or being set up for negotiation. We have been treated very unfairly (to put it mildly) by other countries for many years but that is changing!
Brutal and Extended Cold Blast could shatter ALL RECORDS - Whatever happened to Global Warming?
My warmest condolences to the families of the horrible Roseburg Oregon shootings.
....even to new heights of success and glory but not with King Elijah and that crew. When the leaders of Baltimore want to see the City rise again I am in a very beautiful oval shaped office waiting for your call!
6. The Democrats’ destructive “environmental” proposals will raise your energy bill and prices at the pump. Don't the Democrats care about fighting American poverty?
The Wall Street Journal stated falsely that I said to them “I have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un” (of N. Korea). Obviously I didn’t say that. I said “I’d have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un” a big difference. Fortunately we now record conversations with reporters...
Rush Limbaugh is great tells it as he sees it---really honorable guy! Thanks Rush! #Trump2016
For the Republicans to have any success these next two years they must have a long game plan...
The Great State of North Carolina has EARLY VOTING for a very important Congressional (Ninth) race. Please vote early (now) or on Election Day September 10th for Dan Bishop a great guy. His opponent wants Open Borders Sanctuary Cities &amp; is weak on Crime Military &amp; Vets!
True thanks. 
Wow Hillary and Bill are in deep trouble but don’t worry my fellow Republicans will let them off the hook. All talk no action.
There is No Collusion! The Robert Mueller Rigged Witch Hunt headed now by 17 (increased from 13 including an Obama White House lawyer) Angry Democrats was started by a fraudulent Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. Therefore the Witch Hunt is an illegal Scam!
National Review @NRO may  be going out of business because of the really pathetic job being done by @JonahNRO. No talent means death - sad!
Great @Cabinet meeting today at the @WhiteHouse! 
I have been saying it for sometime now!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Wednesday's debate is day one of the election. Over 70 million voters will be watching.
Fake News is truly the ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Look at the way Crooked Hillary is handling the e-mail case and the total mess she is in. She is unfit to be president. Bad judgement!
Fight is over - Mayweather lost big - but lets see what judges say!
Threatening phone calls from Obama supporters are being made to the Michigan GOP office   Don't be intimidated!
“Most people think small because most people are afraid of success afraid of making decisions afraid of winning” The Art of the Deal
Crooked Hillary's brainpower is highly overrated.Probably why her decision making is so bad or as stated by Bernie S she has BAD JUDGEMENT
Read this about @lawrence...... 
I will be interviewed on @GMA Good Morning America tomorrow at 7:00 A.M. Big new ABC poll coming out - I hope I do well!
Just watched Cookie Roberts on @ABC. Her predictions have been so wrong for so long that she has lost all credibility. Just another sad case
The highly respected Suffolk University poll just announced that I am alone in 2nd place in New Hampshire with Jeb Bust (Bush) in first.
Congratulations to @BarackObama for being reckless. In his first 38 months in office the debt has grown at a rate that is unthinkable.
Associated Press knowingly and inaccurately wrote about Liberty University speech. Shameful reporting...no credibility.
Just had a very good meeting with Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and representatives of Russia. Discussed many items including Trade Iran North Korea INF Treaty Nuclear Arms Control and Election Meddling. Look forward to continuing our dialogue in the near future! 
Wow! The Deputy Editor of the Failing New York Times was just demoted. Should have been Fired! Totally biased and inaccurate reporting. The paper is a Fraud Zero Credibility. Fake News takes another hit but this time a big one!
$5 a gallon gas and we have yet to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline.  OPEC is laughing at us.
Watch my wife Melania Trump tonight on @QVC at 1 a.m.  So proud of her!
Watch this amazing ad from @autismspeaks and learn the signs…
The developer of the Scottish wind monstrosities Vattenfall just laid off 2500 people &amp; has serious financial difficulties.
Scottish government having  huge backlash on wind turbines. @AlexSalmond is becoming very unpopular.
The economy is doing great. More people working in U.S.A. today than at any time in our HISTORY. Media barely covers! @foxandfriends
To the incredible people of the Great State of Wyoming: Go VOTE TODAY for Foster Friess - He will be a fantastic Governor! Strong on Crime Borders &amp; 2nd Amendment. Loves our Military &amp; our Vets. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
Happy Veterans Day. To those who have served thank you for your special work.
America is the Greatest Country in the world. We have the best scientists doctors nurses and health care professionals. They are amazing people who do phenomenal things every day....
Heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the MIDWEST. Coming in from our southern border. We need strong border &amp; WALL!
I guess @edshow is a lot smarter than dopes like @JonahNRO &amp; @stephenfhayes. Oh well both mags are dying anyway. 
Big cancer risk from new "environmental" light bulbs"--a big price to pay!
Many good conversations with North Korea-it is going well! In the meantime no Rocket Launches or Nuclear Testing in 8 months. All of Asia is thrilled. Only the Opposition Party which includes the Fake News is complaining. If not for me we would now be at War with North Korea!
This is only the beginning! 
Congratulation to Roy Moore and Luther Strange for being the final two and heading into a September runoff in Alabama. Exciting race!
“All of our presidents would be impeached under this Rogue House of Democrat Leadership.” @marklevinshow
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.

Heading into the 12 days with great negotiating strength because of our tremendous economy. 
President Donald J. Trump Proclaims 5/14/2017 through 5/20/2017 as #PoliceWeekProclamation➡️… 
One size doesn’t fit all - I support West Virginia Schools. Keep up the great work @WVGovernor Big Jim Justice -  I am with you! 
If I didn’t have the Phony Witch Hunt going on for 3 years and if the Fake News Media and their partner in Crime the Democrats would have played it straight I would be way up in the Polls right now - with our Economy winning by 20 points. But I’m winning anyway!
Via @PatheosFamily by @BristolsBlog:  "Trump Weighs In on Saeed: Obama 'Didn’t Even Ask'"  Thanks Bristol!
The Greatest Witch Hunt in American History! 
.@BarbaraJWalters @theviewtv  Barbara unfortunately you've missed the entire point of my announcement--you just don't get it!
Re Lance Armstrong—not only was it a big lie but a big lie that lasted too long!
Fidel Castro is dead!
#StandForOurAnthem
Heading to Florida for big Republican Party event. New Stock Market Record. Jobs in USA at all-time high!
My great honor to host the 2017 back-to-back #StanleyCup Champion Pittsburgh Penguins at the WH with @FLOTUS today! 
I agree 100%! 
I hope @TGowdySC does better for Rubio than he did at the #Benghazi hearings which were a total disaster for Republicans &amp; America!
Why is @BarackObama constantly issuing executive orders that are major power grabs of authority? This is the latest 
Republicans will totally protect people with Pre-Existing Conditions Democrats will not! Vote Republican.
When you hear the Fake News talking negatively about my meeting with President Putin and all that I gave up remember I gave up NOTHING we merely talked about future benefits for both countries. Also we got along very well which is a good thing except for the Corrupt Media!
The crowds at my Rallies are far bigger than they have ever been before including the 2016 election. Never an empty seat in these large venues many thousands of people watching screens outside. Enthusiasm &amp; Spirit is through the roof. SOMETHING BIG IS HAPPENING - WATCH!
I loved beating these two terrible human beings. I would never recommend that anyone use her lawyer he is a total loser!
Our country must get very strong and very tough - and fast before it is too late. We have zero leadership and never WIN! We want victory.
.@MattBevin: As someone well versed in job creation and the Private Sector if you lie on your resume You’re Fired!
59% of the United States by area is now covered in snow-highest % in many years. The "global warming" name isn't working anymore-SORRY!
.@StateDept @SecPompeo outside of the West Wing after our meeting this morning in the Oval Office... 
Thank you Mark! 
“That hearing was about a policy dispute.” Robert Ray. “Regular people watching this cannot conclude that the President of the United States can be impeached.” @Varneyco
France was just stripped of its AAA bond rating.  With the PMs radical tax rates...
“You have a Fake Dossier gathered by Steele paid by the Clinton team to get information on Trump. The Dossier is Fake nothing in it has been verified. It then filters into our American court system in order to spy on Barrack Obama and Hillary Clinton’s political opponent......
What a 'nice guy' - 97% of @BarackObama's campaign ads have been negative attacks on @MittRomney  Give it back Mitt!
A message from Kim Jong Un: “North Korea will stop nuclear tests and launches of intercontinental ballistic missiles.”Also will “Shut down a nuclear test site in the country’s Northern Side to prove the vow to suspend nuclear tests.” Progress being made for all!
Late last Friday @BarackObama announced his 2011 budget deficit  was $1.299 trillion -- the second largest in US history.
EXPOSING THE REAL 2016 ELECTION SCANDAL! 
Alice @alicetweet Stewart: Thank you for the nice words while on @CNN concerning the TWO big Republican Congressional victories. You’d be great on a network with much higher ratings. Keep up the good work!
I had a great time in Des Moines Iowa tonight! Thank you for all of the support. #Trump2016  
If taxes are raised to avoid the fiscal cliff then they must be accompanied by tangible hard cuts on spending everywhere.
.@nypost: “Dozens of key staffers fleeing @AGSchneiderman’s office” 
.@dubephnx If we didn't remove incredibly powerful fire retardant asbestos &amp; replace it with junk that doesn't (cont) 
“Trump Stock Market rally is far outpacing past U.S. presidents” @CNBC  With new trade deals and more THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
The Jets just don't have it. Time for a quarterback change!
Bernie Madoff and Tony La Russa in today's #trumpvlog...  
Happy Birthday Regis a truly special man!
Thank you Buffalo! #NYPrimary  
This is the REAL Mini Mike. He admitted many times that he is “a fan of Donald Trump. He’s a New York ICON.” Thank you Mike! 
The Impeachment Hoax is a massive election interference the likes of which has never been seen before. In just two hours the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats have seen their phony case absolutely shredded. Shifty is now exposed for illegally making up my phone call &amp; more!
Emmet Flood who came to the White House to help me with the Mueller Report will be leaving service on June 14th. He has done an outstanding job – NO COLLUSION - NO OBSTRUCTION! Case Closed! Emmet is my friend and I thank him for the GREAT JOB he has done.
.@DineshDSouza's '2016: Obama's America' is expanding to over 1000 theaters this weekend. Will be highest grossing documentary in 2012. !!
Our economy is at a standstill. Some are even predicting a possible double dip. We need to elect @MittRomney in November.
.@DineshDSouza had to give $1000 to @BarackObama's brother for his child's hospital bill    Isn't that disgraceful?
The Democrats will never be satisfied no matter what they get how much they get or how many pages they get. It will never end but that’s the way life goes!
Trump Links will be a great championship golf course that will host many major tournaments and bring tremendous $'s &amp; prestige to N.Y.C.!
Thank you JT! 
“They wanted to know what Trump was up to with the Russians - which of course is nonsense. This whole thing was a complete setup.” George Papadopoulos to @seanhannity
Awarded 5 stars from @ForbesInspector @TrumpTO offers 261 rooms &amp; 115 suites in the center of downtown Toronto 
Looking at Air Force One @ MIA. Why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs &amp; fixing Obamacare? Get back to work for the American people!
Thank you for your endorsement @paulteutulsr! #BikersForTrump #VoteTrumpNV Video:  
Truly honored to receive the first ever presidential endorsement from the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association. #MAGA… 
I look forward to all meetings today with world leaders including my meeting with Vladimir Putin. Much to discuss.#G20Summit #USA🇺🇸
Remain open to new ideas. That's where innovation comes from.
CNN is being torn apart from within based on their being caught in a major lie and refusing to admit the mistake. Sloppy @carlbernstein a man who lives in the past and thinks like a degenerate fool making up story after story is being laughed at all over the country! Fake News
Today is my birthday. My wish is for our country to be great and prosperous again.
Business is a creative endeavor. Cultivate a sense of discovery and start thinking big.
Happy #MedalOfHonorDay to our heroes! ➡️ 
Politician @SenatorCardin didn't like that I said Baltimore needs jobs &amp; spirit. It's politicians like Cardin that have destroyed Baltimore.
Thank you Arkansas! #Trump2016#SuperTuesday
The Woodward book is a Joke - just another assault against me in a barrage of assaults using now disproven unnamed and anonymous sources. Many have already come forward to say the quotes by them like the book are fiction. Dems can’t stand losing. I’ll write the real book!
Get smart on knockout assaults and crime - we have to be slightly more vicious (and violent) than the assaulter-and crime would end FAST!
How do you spend over $635M on websites and they don't work?
Can you believe that our very stupid politicians released the leader of ISIS and now we are spending billions trying to get him back!
“All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.” – Walt Disney
CNN &amp; others within the Fake News Universe were going wild about my signing MAGA hats for our military in Iraq and Germany. If these brave young people ask me to sign their hat I will sign. Can you imagine my saying NO? We brought or gave NO hats as the Fake News first reported!
I am enjoying my travels across Europe but home is where the heart is. Looking forward to coming back to the family in New York very soon.
China is not our friend. They are not our ally. They want to overtake us and if we don’t get smart and tough soon they will.
Via @HPCaTravel by @alau2: “Trump Hotel Reflects Youthful Luxurious Vancouver: Ivanka Trump” 
I predicted the 9/11 attack on America in my book "The America We Deserve" and the collapse of Iraq in @TimeToGetTough.
Entrepreneurs: Focus on your goals not on fixed patterns. Do what's necessary and what's unnecessary will be made clear.
Shocking--two of @BarackObama's largest campaign bundlers are directly linked to Solyndra    What a coincidence!
....If Mexico produces (which I think they will). Biggest part of deal with Mexico has not yet been revealed! China is similar except they devalue currency and subsidize companies to lessen effect of 25% Tariff. So far little effect to consumer. Companies will relocate to U.S.
.@NBCNews and @MSNBC should be ashamed of themselves for having such a horrible technical breakdown in the middle of the debate. Truly unprofessional and only worthy of a FAKE NEWS Organization which they are!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Sorry but @piersmorgan is a good &amp; smart man who is doing really well. That’s why he won @ApprenticeNBC.
Lyin' Ted I have already beaten you in all debates and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates. You should focus on jobs &amp; illegal imm!
The Democrats in Congress are getting nothing done not on drug pricing not on immigration not on infrastructure not on nothing! Sooo much opportunity yet all they want to do is go “fishing.” The American people are tired of the never ending Witch Hunt they want results now!
The upcoming All Star season of @CelebApprentice has @lisarinna returning to compete.  She doesn’t disappoint!
Just arrived for the #GOPdebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Bernie Sander’s volunteers are trashing Elizabeth “Pocahontus” Warren. Everybody knows her campaign is dead and want her potential voters. Mini Mike B is also trying but getting tiny crowds which are all leaving fast. Elizabeth is very angry at Bernie. Do I see a feud brewing?
The Miami Heat looked great tonight - congratulations from all of your friends at your favorite place in Miami Trump National Doral.
OUR GREAT COUNTRY MUST HAVE BORDER SECURITY! 
Via @NRO by @JOELMENTUM: “Matchless Name Recognition and Deep Pockets Make Trump a Threat in Iowa” 
True! 
After 3 1/2 years our wonderful Sarah Huckabee Sanders will be leaving the White House at the end of the month and going home to the Great State of Arkansas....
...It wouldn’t matter if you got ten times what was needed it would never be good enough. Unlike other states New York unfortunately got off to a late start. You should have pushed harder. Stop complaining &amp; find out where all of these supplies are going. Cuomo working hard!
“You can’t con people at least not for long.  If you don’t deliver the goods people will eventually catch on.” - The Art of The Deal
Without a Wall there cannot be safety and security at the Border or for the U.S.A. BUILD THE WALL AND CRIME WILL FALL!
Great afternoon in Little Havana with Hispanic community leaders. Thank you for your support! #ImWithYou 
It was a great honor to have President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan of China as our guests in the United States. Tremendous...
Looking like a big win for Boris in the U.K.!
.@DennisDMZ Thanks for the nice words. You are fantastic!
On the recommendation of the White House CoronaVirus Task Force and upon consultation with the Governor’s of New York New Jersey and Connecticut I have asked the @CDCgov to issue a strong Travel Advisory to be administered by the Governors in consultation with the....
If I become the next POTUS- they will not be ignoring! #AmericaFirst 
Foreign leaders are already requesting meetings with @MittRomney to warn that we are viewed as "in decline" 
“Bob Mueller was pursuing the FBI Director job when he met with President Trump in 2017 Administration officials say.” @FoxNews  Bret Baier and Jake Gibson @seanhannity This is true even though Mueller denied it!
Today as we celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month we share our gratitude for all the ways Hispanic-Americans make our country flourish and prosper. Today and every day we honor cherish and celebrate Hispanic-American Workers Families Students Businesses and Leaders... 
“Donald Trump: 'I Will Take Full Credit' for Romney Dropping Out”  via @Newsmax_Media by @ssfitzgerald
....in Argentina with President Vladimir Putin. I look forward to a meaningful Summit again as soon as this situation is resolved!
The Radical Left Dems and LameStream Media are just trying to make it hard for Republicans and me to win in 2020. The new Impeachment Hoax is already turning against them!
Join me in Wichita Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #
“Worry destroys focus.” – Think Big
It  doesn't cost any money to think bigger.  -- The Art of the Deal
The results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous I WON! Thank you these are very exciting times.
Do as I say not as I do. Obama just granted a special ObamaCare exemption for all Congress  All are hypocrites!
We should start an immediate investigation into @SenSchumer and his ties to Russia and Putin. A total hypocrite! 
I am pleased to announce that a deal has been struck with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi and House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy - on a two-year Budget and Debt Ceiling with no poison pills....
Congratulations to @PGA_JohnDaly on his big win yesterday. John is a great guy who never gave up - and now a winner again!
“It is mostly anonymous sources in here why should anyone trust you? General Mattis General Kelly said it’s not true.” @SavannahGuthrie  @TODAYshow  Bob Woodward is a liar who is like a Dem operative prior to the Midterms. He was caught cold even by NBC.
Mini Mike you’re easy!  
“The biggest abuse of power and corruption scandal in our history and it’s much worse than we thought. Andrew McCabe (FBI) admitted to plotting a coup (government overthrow) when he was serving in the FBI before he was fired for lying &amp; leaking.” @seanhannity @FoxNews  Treason!
....drug prices pre-existing conditions and our great Vets. All they are geared up to do six committees is squander time day after day trying to find anything which will be bad for me. A pure fishing expedition like this never happened before &amp; it should never happen again!
....Federal Judges (many more to come) two great new Supreme Court Justices the Mexico City Policy and a whole new &amp; positive attitude about the Right to Life. The Radical Left with late term abortion (and worse) is imploding on this issue. We must stick together and Win....
#CelebApprentice  What do you think of the new teams/PMs?
Thank you working hard! #MAGA 
The @BarackObama administration now claims to have done "everything" to reduce gas prices   What about Keystone?
Will be playing golf today with Rand Paul at Trump International in Palm Beach. Will be both interesting and fun!
A great evening in Iowa! Thank you Des Moines Area Community College for a great forum! #Trump2016 #IAForums 
The United States has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely RELATED to national security - economic security IS national security. It is vital to our national strength. #APEC2017 
I am giving consideration to a QUARANTINE of developing “hot spots” New York New Jersey and Connecticut. A decision will be made one way or another shortly.
This is a MOVEMENT! #RNCinCLE 
My @FoxNews int with @TeamCavuto on the state of world affairs economy the Bushes etc.  

Via @MiamiHerald:"Donald Trump to be inducted into WWE Hall of Fame" 
Negotiations 101: The best deals you can make are the ones you walk away from...and then get them with better terms.
The basketball coach at Rutgers looks bad but I had a coach who made him look like a baby - coaches can be tough!
Rising premium costs from Obamacare will cost businesses billions   Guess where these new costs get passed to – you.
#BuyAmericanHireAmerican🇺🇸 
I am going to Iowa today - sold out crowds. People don't want our country ripped-off anymore. Must stop now!
I can get Nancy Pelosi as many votes as she wants in order for her to be Speaker of the House. She deserves this victory she has earned it - but there are those in her party who are trying to take it away. She will win! @TomReedCongress
The U.S. is working very closely with the Government of Thailand to help get all of the children out of the cave and to safety. Very brave and talented people!
Congratulations to @IsraeliPM @netanyahu on forming his new unity government. A major political success for the Jewish State of Israel.
The Democrats will only vote for Tax Increases. Hopefully all Senate Republicans will vote for the largest Tax Cuts in U.S. history.
“Elijah Cummings has had his chance to address it (crime &amp; conditions in Baltimore) for decades and he hasn’t gotten it done.” @PeteHegseth @foxandfriends  How can he get it done when he just wants to use his Oversight Committee to hurt innocent people and divide our Country!
Via @DMRegister by @JenniferJJacobs: "Trump adds events to his Iowa trip next month" 
John James is a potential Republican Star who has a Senate primary election tomorrow in Michigan. If he becomes the Republican candidate he will beat the Open Borders weak on Crime Democrat Debbie Stabenow. Vote for John James and Make America Great Again!
Why are we letting the three girls who left the U.S. to join ISIS back into the country? How stupid has our once respected country become!
The Amazon Washington Post did a story that I brought racist attacks against the “Squad.” No they brought racist attacks against our Nation. All I do is call them out for the horrible things they have said. The Democrats have become the Party of the Squad!
Mexican leaders and negotiators are much tougher and smarter than those of the U.S. Mexico is killing us on jobs and trade. WAKE UP!
Sorry but this is years ago before Paul Manafort was part of the Trump campaign. But why aren't Crooked Hillary &amp; the Dems the focus?????
Congratulations to my good friend Prime Minister @AbeShinzo on his HUGE election victory in Japan. I’m looking forward to many more years of working together. See you in New York next week!🇺🇸🇯🇵
KEEPING THE HOME SAFE ENCOURAGE YOUR FAMILY MEMBERS TO.... 
The National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) said that our open border is the biggest physical &amp; economic threat facing the American people!
Imagine how much wasteful spending we’d save if we didn’t have Chuck and Nancy standing in our way! For years Democrats in Congress have depleted our military and busted our budgets on needless spending and to what end? No more.
I am promising you a new legacy for America. We're going to create a new American future. Thank you OHIO! #ImWithYou 
.....Except the results are FAR BETTER than I ever said they were going to be! I campaigned against the NEVER ENDING WARS remember!
I just finished a great meeting with the Republican Senators concerning HealthCare. They really want to get it right unlike OCare!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
.@washingtonpost thinks @IvankaTrump is "What Washington's Social Scene Needs"  Truth is she's amazing.
Matt Schlapp and CPAC are getting ready for another exciting event. Big difference from those days when President Obama held the White House. You’ve come a long way Matt!
.@MittRomney is 100% right. The US Supreme Court should do "the right thing" &amp; overturn ObamaCare or the country (cont) 
Via @BreitbartNews by @TheTonyLee: "@Citizens_United sues @AGSchneiderman for violating 1st Amendment" 
Congratulations to Eddie DeBartolo Jr. and your wonderful family of friends! 
Remember when you vote Obamacare is a disaster!
Be sure to watch “The History of WrestleMania” on @netflix. My interview explains how I supported the event early on. I'm proud of it.
It is a disgrace that my full Cabinet is still not in place the longest such delay in the history of our country. Obstruction by Democrats!
Can @pennjillette @lisarinna and @THEGaryBusey continue to co-exist? Find out on this Sunday’s Celebrity All-Star @ApprenticeNBC.
.@MRbelzer is a stone cold loser with no talent--why did they ever put him on "Law and Order?"
Wow Jeb Bush whose campaign is a total disaster had to bring in mommy to take a slap at me. Not nice!
Fewer Americans are now insured through their employers due to higher premiums. Obamacare must be fully repealed. 
Coal is an important part of our electricity generation mix and @TVAnews should give serious consideration to all factors before voting to close viable power plants like Paradise #3 in Kentucky!
Glad to hear @BrentBozell @marklevinshow @EWErickson &amp; @TPPatriots are standing up to @KarlRove’s attack on the Tea Party.
I am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. Such a big problem for our country-I will solve
Will be leaving Palm Beach for the 11 A.M. ceremony opening the magnificent GARY PLAYER VILLA at Trump Nationak Doral Miami. GARY IS GREAT!
Canadians: My ultra luxury private plane will be featured on Sunday's episode of #MightyPlanes on @DiscoveryCanada--don't miss it at 8 ET!
Windmills are a bigger safety hazard than either coal or oil   A 34% higher mortality rate than coal alone. Outrageous!
“Donald Trump on Fiscal Cliff and Obama”  via @Livetradingnews
Crooked Hillary Clinton blames everybody (and every thing) but herself for her election loss. She lost the debates and lost her direction!
Why can't @Politico get better reporters than Ben Schreckenger? Guy is a major lightweight with no credibility. So dishonest!
I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics they will do much better!
Thanks to our historic TAX CUTS America is open for business and millions of American workers are seeing more take-home pay through higher wages salaries and bonuses! 
“There are no environments where you're only going to win because life just isn't like that.” -  Bobby Orr
That trip would be to the Trump International Hotel Las Vegas...
Homeland Security and law enforcement are on alert &amp; closely watching for any sign of trouble. Our borders are far tougher than ever before!
Blowout numbers on New Jobs and separately Services. Market up!
....the United States Military. Congress needs to do its work. We need to fund our Armed Forces.”  @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell.  The Dems are a lost cause. In 2020 we need a big beautiful WIN (all three)! #MAGA
Melania and I send our warmest wishes to Jewish people in the United States Israel and across the world as you commence the 8-day celebration of Hanukkah. 
Shocker: study reveals that @msnbc is completely biased while @FoxNews is factual   What a surprise!
Obama can attend a fundraiser every day but can’t be bothered to get briefed on national security. Commander-in-Chief?!
Will be interviewed by @StephenAtHome tonight by phone- a late show first @CBS @colbertlateshow. Enjoy! #Colbert #LSSC
I want to express our support and extend our prayers to all those affected by the vile terror attack in Spain last month. 🇺🇸🇪🇸 
Remember as a senator Obama did not vote for increasing the debt ceiling   I guess things change when President?!
“President is on sound legal ground to declare a National Emergency. There have been 58 National Emergencies declared since the law was enacted in 1976 and 31 right now that are currently active so this is hardly unprecedented.” Congressman @tommcclintock
VOTE FOR RON! 
Twitter is getting rid of fake accounts at a record pace. Will that include the Failing New York Times and propaganda machine for Amazon the Washington Post who constantly quote anonymous sources that in my opinion don’t exist - They will both be out of business in 7 years!
Great memory @TheRealMarilu! #CelebApprentice
Smart move by @BarackObama having Pres. Bill Clinton deliver the @DNC convention keynote.
Just spoke to Prime Minister @NarendraModi where I congratulated him on his big political victory. He is a great man and leader for the people of India - they are lucky to have him!
'Small business optimism soars after Trump election' 
What about the undocumented immigrant with a record who killed the beautiful young women (in front of her father) in San Fran. Get smart!
Incredible! 

Brian I hope @NBCNightlyNews isn't paying you too much--look at what's happening to nightly news.
Do you ever notice that @CNN gives me very little proper representation on my policies. Just watched-nobody knew anything about my foreign P
I’ll bet Obama now uses the amendment for the debt ceiling.
Mexico has taken advantage of the U.S. for long enough. Massive trade deficits &amp; little help on the very weak border must change NOW!
.@FoxNews You shouldn’t have @KarlRove on the air—he’s a clown with zero credibility—a Bushy!
For those that don’t think a wall (fence) works why don’t they suggest taking down the fence around the White House? Foolish people!
Watching John Kasich being interviewed - acting so innocent and like such a nice guy. Remember him in second debate until I put him down.
Together we will Make America Great Again!#AmericaFirst🇺🇸 
Acting Secretary of Defense Patrick Shanahan who has done a wonderful job has decided not to go forward with his confirmation process so that he can devote more time to his family....
Thank you @NVGOP! #MAGA 
The BEST decision made was the toughest of them all - which saved many lives. Our VERY early decision to stop travel to and from certain parts of the world!
#WeeklyAddress🇺🇸➡️ 
Many journalists are honest and great - but some are knowingly dishonest and basic scum. They should.be weeded out!
I agree but in the end we will win and save our Country from certain destruction! 
The NFL image is really tarnished! Now if the sponsors start leaving and the ratings go down the NFL will be in big trouble. Boring games!
Wow Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters millions of amazing hard working people. I think it will cost her at the Polls!
Join me in Reno Nevada on Wednesday at 3:30pm at the Reno-Sparks Convention Center! #MAGATickets:… 
Loved the debate last night and almost everyone said I won but the RNC did a terrible job of ticket distrbution. All donors &amp; special ints
Entrepreneurs: Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! Would be four more years of stupidity!
“Action is the foundational key to all success.” - Pablo Picasso
The ISIS thug who murdered American journalist James Foley may have been Gitmo detainee  If so why was he released?
Our prayers are with the families of the victims and the congregation of yesterday’s church attack. It was over in 6 seconds thanks to the brave parishioners who acted to protect 242 fellow worshippers. Lives were saved by these heroes and Texas laws allowing them to carry arms!
Thank you! #AmericaFirst  
Senator Rand Paul just wrote a great book “The Case Against Socialism” which is now out. Highly recommended – as America was founded on LIBERTY &amp; INDEPENDENCE – not government coercion domination &amp; control. We were born free and will stay free as long as I am your President!
The only place where our "border" is protected is from Europeans. We educate them in our finest institutions &amp; then have them deported.
Thank you to the great men and women of the United States @SecretService for a job well done!
The Washington Post is constantly quoting “anonymous sources” that do not exist. Rarely do they use the name of anyone because there is no one to give them the kind of negative quote that they are looking for. They are a disgrace to journalism but then again so are many others!
It is an exciting time for our country!#WeeklyAddress #ConfirmGorsuch 
70 stores above Punta Pacifica's pristine peninsula @TrumpPanama offers fine dining five pools &amp; luxury rooms 
Are NFL games getting boring or is it just my magnificent imagination? In any event I'm just not watching them much anymore!
We have vacancies in various departments because we do not want or need as many people as past administrations (and save great cost) and also the Democrats delay the approval process to levels unprecedented in the history of our Country!
“Always strive to outdo yourself.” – Think Big
I have asked the reigning Miss Universe and Miss USA to do the honors. At least I will not have to wash my hair this morning! Enjoy.
Now @BarackObama is telling @MittRomney how to control his own assets.   Obama is consumed by class warfare.
Congratulations to Thomas Perez who has just been named Chairman of the DNC. I could not be happier for him or for the Republican Party!
The Green Party scam to fill up their coffers by asking for impossible recounts is now being joined by the badly defeated &amp; demoralized Dems
So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. That's what I said!
Congress has agreed to provide $8 Billion to fight Coronavirus! This means @CDC @HHSGov and @DHSgov will have the resources they need to Keep America Safe and keep the risk to workers and families very low. This is great news for our Health our Economy and our Nation!
Via @PVPatch by Paige Austin: “Trump to Donate 12 Acres for Conservation in Palos Verdes” 
Will be having meetings and working the phones from the Winter White House in Florida (Mar-a-Lago). Stock Market hit new Record High yesterday - $5.5 trillion gain since E. Many companies coming back to the U.S. Military building up and getting very strong.
ICYMI my @foxandfriends int. criticizing the GOP on ObamaCare the new Congress &amp; 2016  
See yourself as having a lot already and keep your integrity intact. It’s the best path to comprehensive success. -  Think Like a Champion
Via @DailyCaller by @alweaver22:“Trump: Obama One Of ‘The Worst Things That’s Ever Happened To Israel’” 
They laughed at me when I said to bomb the ISIS controlled oil fields. Now they are not laughing and doing what I said. #Trump2016
Individual commitment to a group effort  is what makes a team work a company work a society work a civilization work.-- Vince Lombardi
The hard working men and women of @UPS are working overtime to maintain our supply chain and deliver medical supplies to those in need. Your work is critical to the health of our nation keep it up!
Who did the House Task Force onUrgent Fiscal Issues call- when America needed HELP? 
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing @MittRomney's pick of @PaulRyanVP how to frame Medicare debate &amp; @RNC convention 
John Kerry is openly celebrating the tenuous nuclear deal with Iran. Great dealmakers do not celebrate dealsthey just go on to the next one
Frumpy and very dumb Gail Collins an editorial writer at The New York Times is so lucky to even have a job. Check her out - incompetent!
Amazing--playing with an ankle injury @Yankees Captain Derek Jeter tied Willie Mays last night for #10 on (cont) 
Remarks by President Trump on the Policy of the U.S.A. Towards CubaVideo:  
Thank you Tony! 
“Donald Trump to address SC Tea Party Coalition at Myrtle Beach event”  via @CarolinaLive by @timmcginniswpde
Never give up. We are doing GREAT! We are WINNING! 
UK is freezing through longest &amp; coldest winter in over 50 years  Where’s the global warming? @gatewaypundit
Back by popular demand this year’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC sees the return of @claudiajordan! Our fans love her.
ISIS Caliphate two years ago in red vs. ISIS Caliphate TODAY. (Was even worse in November 2016 before I took office). 
Thank you @davidaxelrod for your nice words this morning on @CNN. It was a good night!

If authorities need direct view from top of Trump Tower call office.
Throwback Thursday! #MAGA 
Thank you @USCG! 
...One point I made sure to stress at @LibertyU is to be sure to get even with anyone who crosses you...
.@lisarinna is at the top of her game in the upcoming season of @CelebApprentice All-Stars. Our fans love her.
This is not a media event or about Donald J. Trump--- this is about the United States of America. I will be... 
I play golf to relax. My company is in great shape. @BarackObama plays golf to escape work while America goes down the drain.
As most people are aware according to the Polls I won EVERY debate including the three with Crooked Hillary Clinton despite the fact that in the first debate they modulated the sound on me and got caught. This crew looks somewhat easier than Crooked but you never know?
Crooked Hillary Clinton is 100% owned by her donors. #ImWithYou #MAGA 
Thank you! We are at 35% in new Reuters poll with #2 coming in at 12%. Time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!#Trump2016 
Paul Ryan should be focusing on holding the Majority rather than giving his opinions on Birthright Citizenship something he knows nothing about! Our new Republican Majority will work on this Closing the Immigration Loopholes and Securing our Border!
Via CNET: Donald Trump Bests Jeb Bush in Website Performance Experts Say- 
For the haters out of hundreds of deals or transactions I have used the bankruptcy laws 4 times in order to cut better deals.
The very unpopular Governor of Ohio (and failed presidential candidate) @JohnKasich hurt Troy Balderson’s recent win by tamping down enthusiasm for an otherwise great candidate. Even Kasich’s Lt. Governor lost Gov. race because of his unpopularity. Credit to Troy on the BIG WIN!
He @RickSantorum has as much chance of being the GOP nominee as @Rosie does of ever having a successful (cont) 
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ECONOMY - VIDEO:  
Secret Service members on break from Obama’s $4M vacation are more than welcomed to relax at Hawaii’s top hotel @TrumpWaikiki.
Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) of the dying Union Leader wanted ads lunches donations speeches from me and tweets---very unethical.
Fact – Obama still has not fixed the backend of the ObamaCare website. This could be the greatest internet boondoggle in history.
“Total jobless claims running at lowest level in 44 years” 
The fact that we are taking the Ebola patients while others from the area are fleeing to the United States is absolutely CRAZY-Stupid pols
Maybe Boehner will stop this one sided deal in the House...I hope so!
My @SquawkCNBC #TrumpTuesday interview discussing the 2012 election OPEC ripping us off &amp; @MittRomney's job policy  
After years building up other countries we are finally rebuilding OUR Country. From our inner cities to our rural communities the forgotten men and women of America are forgotten NO LONGER! #OpportunityNow 
Totally! 
When I was 18 people called me Donald Trump. When he was 18 @BarackObama was Barry Soweto. Weird.
Just left Istanbul Turkey yesterday where  #TrumpTowers was just opened--magnificent!
Watch Celebrity Apprentice on NOW!
Any American who fights with ISIS should have their passport revoked. Take them to Gitmo for interrogation.
Iran and the United States just pushed deadline back SEVEN MONTHS on working out a nuclear deal. Iran is tapping along our bad negotiators!
Attending meetings on Covid-19 in the White House. Working with States and local governments many of whom have done a great job. Full report latter!
Be focused be disciplined be patient--there are very few cases of instant gratification.
Lance Armstrong made a really big mistake by opening up to Oprah. I’ll bet he wishes he had the chance to do it over again.
Another totally Fake story in the Amazon Washington Post (lobbyist) which states that if my Aides broke the law to build the Wall (which is going up rapidly) I would give them a Pardon. This was made up by the Washington Post only in order to demean and disparage - FAKE NEWS!
President Obama said over and over again if you like your plan you can keep your plan PERIOD! This turned out to be a total lie-90 mill.
Would be very hard for Jeremy Corbyn the leader of Britain’s Labour Party to seek a no-confidence vote against New Prime Minister Boris Johnson especially in light of the fact that Boris is exactly what the U.K. has been looking for &amp; will prove to be “a great one!” Love U.K.

I think @megynkelly should take another eleven day "unscheduled" vacation.
...our Great American Flag (or Country) and should stand for the National Anthem. If not YOU'RE FIRED. Find something else to do!
Watch me on @SeanHannity's show at 10PM tonight on @FoxNews
I hear @NBCNews / @WSJ came out with another one of their phony polls. While I am leading they are totally discredited after last S.C. poll
With the $635 million dollar website fiasco getting caught tapping phones of WORLD LEADERS and so much more U.S. is looking really stupid!
He @RickSantorum should get out of the race so Republicans can focus on @BarackObama.
We are in very close communication with China concerning the virus. Very few cases reported in USA but strongly on watch. We have offered China and President Xi any help that is necessary. Our experts are extraordinary!
For those of you in trouble—(in these troubled times)—never ever give up!
Morning Joe Panel is stealing many of  my statements and ideas to better America without giving credit -- the story of my life!
Received a standing applause at #NCGOPcon when I said "to have free trade be fair for the US we need really intelligent negotiators."
Thanks for all the nice words on my keeping the Trump Tower atrium accessible to stranded victims of #Sandy. My honor.
Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 on NBC - some amazing things happen!
I'll be appearing on Larry King Live for his final show Thursday night at 9 p.m. CNN. Larry's been on TV for 25 years...
“Breaking News: Mueller Report Finds No Trump-Russia Conspiracy.” @MSNBC
Looking forward to seeing the World Champion Yankees today on opening day!
Myrtle Beach South Carolina #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Via @AP by @splaisance: "@realmissnvusa NIA SANCHEZ CROWNED AS 63RD @MissUSA" 
Sorry losers and haters but my I.Q. is one of the highest -and you all know it! Please don't feel so stupid or insecureit's not your fault
Hopefully Mitch McConnell will ask for a VOTE on Criminal Justice Reform. It is extremely popular and has strong bipartisan support. It will also help a lot of people save taxpayer dollars and keep our communities safe. Go for it Mitch!
I will be on Piers Morgan Live tonight at 9 p.m. on CNN. Tune in!

Nancy I am still thinking about the State of the Union speech there are so many options - including doing it as per your written offer (made during the Shutdown security is no problem) and my written acceptance. While a contract is a contract I’ll get back to you soon!
Tate Reeves will be a great Governor of Mississippi and what an electric Rally last night. Vote for Tate on Tuesday! 
“Donald Trump was proven right on another one of his top issues Thursday: 'gun free zones' at military bases.” 
We will confront ANY challenge no matter how strong the winds or high the water. I’m proud to stand with Presidents for #OneAmericaAppeal.
.....the first 2 1/2 years of his Presidency including the fact that we have one of the best Economies in the history of our Country. It is called Earned Media. In any event enjoy the show!
Now Obama is having our army coordinate with Iran against ISIS. What’s next?
China 'scorns'  US cyber espionage charges--China does not respect us    and feels Obama is a "dummy"
 
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go. -- T. S. Eliot
.....ALSO NOT TRUE! Anything goes with our Corrupt News Media today. They will do or say whatever it takes with not even the slightest thought of consequence! These are true cowards and without doubt THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
It was a great honor to represent the United States at the magnificent #BastilleDay parade. Congratulations President @EmmanuelMacron! 
Interestingly the hurricane may now be a disaster for Obama's reelection because of his grandstanding.
With a record deficit and $15 trillion in debt @BarackObama is spending $4 million of our money on his Hawaii vacation. Just plain wrong.
The Chinese are the biggest beneficiary of this post-Saddam oil boom in Iraq 
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends  at 7:00 - 5 minutes. Then I head to New Hampshire great people!
I am in Baton Rouge where the Miss USA Pageant will be shown live on NBC on Sunday night for 3 hours starting at 8 P.M. INCREDIBLE SHOW!
Meet the ‘Trumpocrats’: Lifelong Democrats Breaking w/ Party Over Hillary to Support Donald Trump for President: 
This is an illegally brought Rigged Witch Hunt run by people who are totally corrupt and/or conflicted. It was started and paid for by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats. Phony Dossier FISA disgrace and so many lying and dishonest people already fired. 17 Angry Dems? Stay tuned!
Wow great news! I hear @EWErickson of Red State was fired like a dog. If you read his tweets you'll understand why. Just doesn't have IT!
... By releasing his records he can come clean with the American people and have $5 million go to a charity.
The difference between @MittRomney and @BarackObama's campaign promises to @Israel is that Mitt will actually keep all of his.
Great job by Michael Anton on @foxandfriends. A true National Security expert!

....Don’t watch show but heard Mika said I asked to preside over their marriage. Not true—does anyone really believe that? They were married by Elijah King of Baltimore!
As promised on the campaign trail we will provide opportunity for Americans to gain skills needed to succeed &amp; thrive as the economy grows! 
One of my many Twitter followers suggested Obama should take my offer &amp; give $1250000 to each family of the four... 
#AskTrump Getting ready to answer your questions. 
As bad as Qaddafi was---what comes next in Libya will be worse---just watch.
..BETWEEN RUSSIA AND THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN. Mr. McGahn can be forgiven for declining the honor of appearing in Mr. Nadler’s pseudo-impeachment drama.” Wall Street Journal Editorial BoardToday - May 21 2019
“Shock report: US paying more for illegal immigrant births than Trump’s wall” 
.@CNN called a San Diego news station (@KUSINews) for negative reports on the Wall. When the station said that Walls work CNN no longer had interest. #FakeNews 
“Donald Trump to Build Trump Towers Complex in Rio de Janeiro”  via Hispanically Speaking News
So sad that Elijah Cummings has been able to do so little for the people of Baltimore. Statistically Baltimore ranks last in almost every major category. Cummings has done nothing but milk Baltimore dry but the public is getting wise to the bad job that he is doing!
#VoteTrumpHI! #
....product and goods to China and other countries. That’s what trade is all about. We don’t want to make it impossible to do business with us. That will only mean that orders will go to someplace else. As an example I want China to buy our jet engines the best in the World....
Dow Passes 23000 for the First Time Fueled by Strong Earnings#Dow23K📈 
The @washingtonpost report on potential VP candidates is wrong. Marco Rubio and most others mentioned are NOT under consideration.
Donald Trump Plans To Continue GOPLegacy Of Leading On Women’s Civil Rights Against Racist Sexist Democrats 
The next ObamaCare disaster will be doctors being dropped from plans.
FEMA &amp; First Responders are doing a GREAT job in Puerto Rico. Massive food &amp; water delivered. Docks &amp; electric grid dead. Locals trying....
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 this morning - ENJOY!
MUST READ @IBDeditorials: “President Obama's Amnesty At Any Price”  Congress - Use the Power of Purse! Defund Amnesty!
Remember when the failing @nytimes apologized to its subscribers right after the election because their coverage was so wrong. Now worse!
Presidential Harassment! 
....Iran will call us if and when they are ever ready. In the meantime their economy continues to collapse - very sad for the Iranian people!
Be sure to stop by Trump Tower today -- I'll be signing copies of my new book "Time To Get Tough"  from 11 am to 2 pm.
For all of the sympathizers out there of Brett McGurk remember he was the Obama appointee who was responsible for loading up airplanes with 1.8 Billion Dollars in CASH &amp;  sending it to Iran as part of the horrific Iran Nuclear Deal (now terminated) approved by Little Bob Corker.
The Washington Post is far more fiction than fact. Story after story is made up made garbage - more like a poorly written novel than good reporting. Always quoting sources (not names) many of which don’t exist. Story on John Kelly isn’t true...just another hit job!
My @KWWL int. from @WartburgCollege discussing how politicians have failed us &amp; Making America Great Again! 
Thank you Dallas Texas - I love you! #TrumpRallyDallas #KAG2020 
Our great @JudgeJeanine has just written a book that will add to the tremendous success of her last number one best seller. It’s called “Radicals Resistance and Revenge The Left’s Plot To Remake America.” It is a FANTASTIC book. Go get it! @foxandfriends
The Syrian raid was so perfectly carried out with such precision that the only way the Fake News Media could demean was by my use of the term “Mission Accomplished.” I knew they would seize on this but felt it is such a great Military term it should be brought back. Use often!
Trump Virginia Office Announces Statewide TV Ad Strategy and Leadership Team:  
Bret had a target on his back from the get go...
WITCH HUNT!
The upcoming record 13th season of @CelebApprentice is going to be very special.  Our production team's ingenuity is amazing.
I am in Miami at Trump National Doral. Just gave out contract to build a new ballroom and luxury suites. Blue Monster complete-opens Dec 14.
The United States looks forward to welcoming Prime Minister @Netanyahu &amp; Blue &amp; White Chairman @Gantzbe to the @WhiteHouse next week. Reports about details and timing of our closely-held peace plan are purely speculative.
Thank you Newt!  
THANK YOU ALABAMA! #KAG2020 
It was my great honor to deliver the commencement address at the @LVMPD’s Hope for Prisoners Graduation Ceremony today where we reaffirmed that America is a nation that believes in REDEMPTION! 
.@timkaine is wrong for defense:  #BigLeagueTruth #VPDebate
This is just the beginning! 
Our great Oil &amp; Gas industry is under under seige after having one of the best years in recorded history. It will get better than ever as soon as our Country starts up again. Vital that it does for our National Security!
With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office) with all of the new auto plants coming back into our.....
Why doesn't @JebBush in his ads show my answer to his statement in the debate?
....meeting with their top leaders and representatives today in the Oval Office. No final deal will be made until my friend President Xi and I meet in the near future to discuss and agree on some of the long standing and more difficult points. Very comprehensive transaction....
I will be on ON THE RECORD @gretawire tonight at 10 pm
Our ally Canada wants to send their oil down south to us. @BarackObama is forcing Canada to send it west to China.
Today will be a great day at work - have only one word in mind VICTORY!
A really big show tonight by @seanhannity  9:00 P.M. @FoxNews  Heavy emphasis on the Impeachment Hoax. The Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats have gone crazy. They know it’s a con but just can’t sell it! Public strongly against Impeachment.
House Intelligence Committee votes to release final report. FINDINGS: (1) No evidence provided of Collusion between Trump Campaign &amp; Russia. (2)  The Obama Administrations Post election response was insufficient. (3) Clapper provided inconsistent testimony on media contacts.
A total disgrace that Turkey will not release a respected U.S. Pastor Andrew Brunson from prison. He has been held hostage far too long. @RT_Erdogan should do something to free this wonderful Christian husband &amp; father. He has done nothing wrong and his family needs him!
I said simply that the Mexican leaders and negotiators are smarter than ours and that the Mexican gov't is pushing their hard core to U.S.
The only “Collusion” is that of the Democrats with Russia and many others. Why didn’t the FBI take the Server from the DNC? They still don’t have it. Check out how biased Facebook Google and Twitter are in favor of the Democrats. That’s the real Collusion!
The debates especially the second and third plus speeches and intensity of the large rallies plus OUR GREAT SUPPORTERS gave us the win!
Why does the federal government send foreign aid  to China? Unbelievable! Washington is financing America's de… (cont) 
...Companies to come to the U.S.A and to get companies that have left us for other lands to come back home. We stupidly lost 30% of our auto business to Mexico. If the Tariffs went on at the higher level they would all come back and pass. But very happy with the deal I made...
...Mexico’s attitude is that people from other countries including Mexico should have the right to flow into the U.S. &amp; that U.S. taxpayers should be responsible for the tremendous costs associated w/this illegal migration. Mexico is wrong and I will soon be giving a response!
Will be interviewed on @FoxNews at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!
The Fake News refuses to report the success of the first 6 months: S.C. surging economy &amp; jobsborder &amp; military securityISIS &amp; MS-13 etc.
President Obama refuses to answer question about Iran terror funding.  I won't dodge questions as your President. 
Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media!
Everyone is asking how Tiger played yesterday. The answer is Great! He was long straight &amp; putted fantastically well. He shot a 64. Tiger is back &amp; will be winning Majors again! Not surprisingly Jack also played really well. His putting is amazing! Jack &amp; Tiger like each other.
Proud to see my friend Governor Chris Christie standing up for Israel on his visit. Standing tall!
Why does @KarlRove lie about his Reagan credentials?  He’s a Bushie through and through.
Who is @Macys to pretend innocence when they “racial profile” all over the place? Paid big fine!
Melania and I are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Mrs. Abe at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach Fla. They are a wonderful couple!
Just returned from Trump Doral in Miami. Massive construction job. When completed will be the best resort in U.S. Blue Monster is amazing!
The Stock Market is up massively since the Election but is now taking a little pause - people want to see what happens with the Midterms. If you want your Stocks to go down I strongly suggest voting Democrat. They like the Venezuela financial model High Taxes &amp; Open Borders!

Five of our incredible @Cabinet Secretaries are testifying on the Hill this morning on the need to rebuild our Nation’s crumbling infrastructure. We need to build FAST &amp; we need to build for our FUTURE. Thank you @SenateCommerce for hosting this hearing! #InfrastructureInAmerica
....something that is so obviously the future. I want the United States to win through competition not by blocking out currently more advanced technologies. We must always be the leader in everything we do especially when it comes to the very exciting world of technology!
.@MittRomney looks much stronger and much more Presidential!
.@BarackObama is promoting ugly inefficient unreliable bird-killing noisy neighborhood-destroying wind turbines. Big mistake.
....musician @johnlegend and his filthy mouthed wife are talking now about how great it is - but I didn’t see them around when we needed help getting it passed. “Anchor”@LesterHoltNBC doesn’t even bring up the subject of President Trump or the Republicans when talking about....
I just arrived at Trump National Doral in Miami where I'll spend the day checking work just completed by contractors. This place is amazing!
My thoughts and prayers are with all of the victims involved in this mornings train collision in South Carolina. Thank you to our incredible First Responders for the work they’ve done!
Congratulations to @IvankaTrump and Jared on the big news.  I will have yet another grandchild this fall!
Great news! American families will now be able to buy safer more affordable and environmentally friendly cars with our new SAFE VEHICLES RULE. Get rid of those old unsafe clunkers. Build better and safer American cars and create American jobs. Buy American!
National Security Presidential Memorandum on Strengthening the Policy of the United States Toward CubaMemorandum… 
#CrookedHillary = Obama's third term which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below. 
The CDC chief just said Ebola is spreading faster than Aids. Marines are preparing for a pandemic drill. Stop all flights from West Africa!
Spolier alert…the record setting 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice also features the return of previous winners in the boardroom.
I never said Russia did not meddle in the election I said “it may be Russia or China or another country or group or it may be a 400 pound genius sitting in bed and playing with his computer.” The Russian “hoax” was that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia - it never did!
Jeb Bush spent more than $40000000 in New Hampshire to come in 4 or 5 I spent $3000000 to come in 1st. Big difference in capability!
My @FoxNews with @gretawire discussing the Keystone pipeline Re-election is more important than 20000 jobs and (cont) 
....impeaching him. They hate the fact above all that this president is delivering. Substantial policy results for the working Americans who put him in the White House and they can’t beat him in a fair fight next year.” @NextRevFNC  @SteveHiltonx  Thank you Steve!
What’s funny about the name “F**kface Von Clownstick” -- it was not coined by Jon Leibowitz-- he stole it from some moron on twitter.
So terrible! 
Remember Univision apologized!
Thank you to the Great State of Tennessee. We are with you all the way! 
The Fake News Washington Post and even more Fake News New York Times are writing stories that there is infighting with respect to my strong policy in the Middle East. There is no infighting whatsoever....
.@BillClinton was very nice to me as I am to him on the Piers Morgan Show (CNN). He is loyal to his friends. @piersmorgan
To show you how dishonest some of the press is they took my funny &amp; (cont) 
.@ScottWalker is a nice guy but not presidential material. Wisconsin is in turmoil borrowing to the hilt and doing poorly in jobs etc.
See yourself as an organization. Pay attention to every facet of your life. What’s strong? What’s weak? What’s missing?
I received calls from the President of Mexico and the Prime Minister of Canada asking to renegotiate NAFTA rather than terminate. I agreed..
I love you Arizona! Thank you!#Trump2016 #AmericaFirst 
GRETA IN A FEW MINUTES-on Fox.
.@HillaryClinton is NOT above the law!#Debates2016 
As the House Intelligence Committee has concluded there was no collusion between Russia and the Trump Campaign. As many are now finding out however there was tremendous leaking lying and corruption at the highest levels of the FBI Justice &amp; State. #DrainTheSwamp
Be sure to watch the Larry King Show tomorrow night on CNN 9 p.m. I'll be the host Larry the guest. 
The boardroom and @WrestleMania- I'm watching great entertainment tonight! #CelebApprentice
Look Snowden is bad done tremendous damage to our country and standing - but we have far worse in our government (guess who?).
Wow! @foxandfriends blew away the competition of Morning Joke (which did very poorly) on MSDNC (Another Comcast sleaze production) and @CNN’s New Day in the Morning Television Ratings. A total blowout but that’s what you get when you treat “Trump” fairly!
Very dangerous pattern developing across country by Obama supporters.  Detroit poll watcher was threatened with gun 
There is nothing easy about a USA Infrastructure Plan especially when our great Country has spent an astounding 7 trillion dollars in the Middle East over the last 19 years but I am looking hard at a bipartisan plan of 1 to 2 trillion dollars. Badly needed!
It was my great honor to welcome President @AlsisiOfficial of Egypt to the United States this afternoon in New York City. Great meetings! #UNGA 
....Ambassador Sondland did not tell us and certainly did not tell me about a connection between the assistance and the investigation.” THE FAKE IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY IS NOW DEAD!
I am a very calm person but love tweeting about both scum and positive subjects. Whenever I tweet some call it a tirade..totally dishonest!
Heading to beautiful West Virginia to be with great members of the Republican Party. Will be planning Infrastructure and discussing Immigration and DACA not easy when we have no support from the Democrats. NOT ONE DEM VOTED FOR OUR TAX CUT BILL! Need more Republicans in ‘18.
Disappointed in GOP and Dems---Giving Obama power to raise the debt limit next year is  a mistake.
Via “TRUMP: HILLARY PRESIDENCY WILL CAUSE ‘CRIME WAVE LIKE YOU’VE NEVER SEEN’”  via @BreitbartNews
Those who believe in tight border security stopping illegal immigration &amp;  SMART trade deals w/other countries should boycott @Macys.
Due to the horrific events taking place in our country I have decided to postpone my speech on economic opportunity- today in Miami.
Be sure to listen to my interview on tonight’s @SteveDeaceShow.  Steve is a terrific guy!
Despite some very corrupt and dishonest media coverage there are many great reporters I respect and lots of GOOD NEWS for the American people to be proud of!
After destroying the Middle East &amp; our economy the Bushes last gift was having Justice Roberts legalize ObamaCare. No more Bushes!
Nation's infrastructure is collapsing MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
How can the Democrats who are weak on the Border and weak on Crime do well in November. The people of our Country want and demand Safety and Security while the Democrats are more interested in  ripping apart and demeaning (and not properly funding) our great Law Enforcement!
So I speak badly of China but I speak the truth and what do the consumers in China want? They want Trump. (cont) 
I will be on @CNNSitRoom with @wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est. on @CNN.
Via @UnionLeader  by  @tuohy: “Trump: You're Hired” 
Watch Obama refuse to call Benghazi a terrorist attack on 9.12  What took @CBS so long to release this footage?
At this point the legacy of the Obama Administration will be sadly that of THE GANG THAT COULDN'T SHOOT STRAIGHT - what a pathetic mess!
.@katyperry  Katy what the hell were you thinking when you married loser Russell Brand. There is a guy who has got nothing going a waste!
Listen to my interview with @KathieLGifford at @PodcastOne - 
I'm very proud of the work my son @EricTrump has been doing with the @EricTrumpFDN take a look... 
I can't believe that Mitt Romney would run for president again. He had his chance and blew it in the last weeks of the race.
Happy 243rd Birthday to our GREAT @USNavy! #243NavyBday 
Both of our New York hotels are on the Top Ten list of the most luxurious hotels in NYC... Congrats to all!
The Fake and Corrupt Media is sooo bad for our Country The Enemy of the People! 
I told everybody the Oscars were no good—Nielsen ratings confirmed one of the lowest ratings in history.
Thanks. 
Rep. Adam Schiff illegally made up a FAKE &amp; terrible statement pretended it to be mine as the most important part of my call to the Ukrainian President and read it aloud to Congress and the American people. It bore NO relationship to what I said on the call. Arrest for Treason?
My experience in Iowa was a great one. I started out with all of the experts saying I couldn't do well there and ended up in 2nd place. Nice
Ron Estes is running TODAY for Congress in the Great State of Kansas. A wonderful guy I need his help on Healthcare &amp; Tax Cuts (Reform).
If Obama mentions Mitt's tax returns in tomorrow's debate then Mitt should immediately ask for Obama's college records &amp; applications
GOD BLESS THE USA🇺🇸 
.@RinglingBros is retiring their elephants-- the circus will never be the same.
Too bad I don't get this for political speeches- they cost me a fortune! 
I think what the Democrats are doing with the Border is TREASONOUS. Their Open Border mindset is putting our Country at risk. Will not let this happen!

The Collusion Delusion is OVER! 
Looking forward to keynoting the South Carolina Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach on Monday at 3:20PM! 
Important editorial by John Faso in @nydailynews: “Spitzer’s reckless leadership” 
Why doesn’t somebody study the horrible charges brought against @Macys for racial profiling? Terrible hypocrites!
Jeffrey Robinson's #TrumpTower has it all. The ultra rich powerful and beautiful. It's your summer must-read.  
Between Iraq war monger @krauthammer dummy @KarlRove deadpan @GeorgezWill highly overrated @megynkelly among others @FoxNews not fair!

After @TrumpScotland I will visit @TrumpDoonbeg in Ireland the magnificent resort fronting on the Atlantic Ocean.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! #Guard383 
Marsha Blackburn had a BIG win last night in the Tennessee primary for U.S. Senate. She is an outstanding person &amp; great supporter of mine. Congratulations Marsha we need you very badly in the Senate to vote for our agenda. Your next opponent will vote against all we are doing!
I am truly honored to have been chosen Statesman of the Year by the Republican Party of Sarasota County. The (cont) 
Obamacare premiums increasing 33% in Pennsylvania - a complete disaster. It must be repealed and replaced!… 
“Donald Trump—The Disrupter” will air on @FoxNews Saturday night and Sunday night at 8 PM ET. Anchored by @BretBaier. @johnrobertsFox
I was at @FoxNews and met Juan Williams in passing.  He asked if he could have pictures taken with me. I said fine. He then trashes on air!
Thank you for your support! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
....absolutely no pressure. I don’t know of any crime that was committed where the actual victim wasn’t aware of it....and they got the call they got the meeting and they got the money. Unbelievably the Democrats have weaponized the Impeachment process they have...
It's Tuesday--how much inflation has @BarackObama's spending caused today on the price of food and gas?
My interview from yesterday on Fox and Friends -- "GOP Crazy If  They Don't Get Everything They  Want"  
Jamiel Shaw was incredible on @foxandfriends this morning. His son who was viciously killed by an illegal immigrant is so proud of pop!
I WANT NOTHING! 
Great article by Chris Ruddy @Newsmax_Media: "@AnnDRomney and Jackie's Example" 
#CrookedHillary's plan will add $1.15 TRILLION in new taxes. We cannot afford her! #DrainTheSwamp #Debate 
My @todayshow interview where I reveal the new cast of Celebrity Apprentice and discuss the GOP primary field 
Join me at 11:00am:Watch here:  
Thank you to Fred Smith and @FedEx for the rapid emergency deliveries you are making all over our Nation. Keep it going!
....on the basis of their sexual orientation. My Administration has launched a global campaign to decriminalize homosexuality and invite all nations to join us in this effort!
DACA is probably dead because the Democrats don’t really want it they just want to talk and take desperately needed money away from our Military.
...Danny’s recovery reflects the best of what the United States &amp; its partners can accomplish.We work every day to bring Americans home. We maintain constant and intensive diplomatic intelligence and law enforcement cooperation within the United States Government and with...
READ THE TRANSCRIPT!
With only a very small majority the Republicans in the House &amp; Senate need more victories next year since Dems totally obstruct no votes!
#Trump2016 #TrumpInstagram:  
Thank you Waterbury Connecticut!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain # 
Wow Bernie Sanders just admitted that the real unemployment rate is 10% (it is actually over 20%) and for  African American youth - 51%.
FL KS ME MD MN NJ OR &amp; WV! It's the LAST DAY to mail in voter reg forms. Get the forms at… 
You have no idea what my strategy on ISIS is and neither does ISIS (a good thing). Please get your facts straight - thanks. @megynkelly
Catch and Release is an obsolete term. It is now Catch and Detain. Illegal Immigrants trying to come into the U.S.A. often proudly flying the flag of their nation as they ask for U.S. Asylum will be detained or turned away. Dems must approve Border Security &amp; Wall NOW!
Get the big picture--but be prepared for the picture to change. Where there's a will there's a win. Think positively!
WOW BLOOMBERG IS A TOTAL RACIST! 
Today it was a tremendous honor for me to sign the #VAaccountability Act into law delivering my campaign promise… 
How could Obama leave those American heroes out to die in Benghazi?  And he continues to lie to the public!
A NEW ERA IN AMERICAN ENERGY! #MadeInTheUSA🇺🇸Watch here:  

Wow! 
.@CharlesHurt   You were great on @seanhannity last night. Thanks for the nice words. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
What a series the @nyrangers @NHLDevils is turning out to be! Tonight's game should be another close one.
“The support for Impeachment is not there. I think the Democrats will have to come up with a new game plan.” @jasoninthehouse @FoxNews
Trump organisation backs community battle against substation  via @STVNews
Many of @TigerWoods’ ‘friends’ were quick to abandon him in his time of crisis. Now Tiger knows who he can count on.
I don’t know what report current Director of the FBI Christopher Wray was reading but it sure wasn’t the one given to me. With that kind of attitude he will never be able to fix the FBI which is badly broken despite having some of the greatest men &amp; women working there!
The Do Nothing Democrats had a historically bad day yesterday in the House. They have no Impeachment case and are demeaning our Country. But nothing matters to them they have gone crazy. Therefore I say if you are going to impeach me do it now fast so we can have a fair....
China is DREAMING that Sleepy Joe Biden or any of the others gets elected in 2020. They LOVE ripping off America!
The Fake News gets crazier and more dishonest every single day. Amazing to watch as certain people covering me and the tremendous success of this administration have truly gone MAD! Their Fake reporting creates anger and disunity. Take two weeks off and come back rested. Chill!
WELCOME BACK JOE! 
Just watched Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg on 60 Minutes. She should spend more time trying to get the F stock price up &amp; less on her ego!
Wow the highly respected Governor of Iowa just stated that "Ted Cruz must be defeated." Big shoker! People do not like Ted.
Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the #Fake News Media will never be satisfied...truly bad people!
Turkey has been planning to attack the Kurds for a long time. They have been fighting forever. We have no soldiers or Military anywhere near the attack area. I am trying to end the ENDLESS WARS. Talking to both sides. Some want us to send tens of thousands of soldiers to....
Just landed in Fort Wayne Indiana for a #MAGARally at the Allen County War Memorial Coliseum. See everyone soon! 
Thank you to @IvankaTrump for her wonderful acknowledgement this morning on @foxandfriends...
Border rancher: “We’ve found prayer rugs out here. It’s unreal.”  Washington Examiner   People coming across the Southern Border from many countries some of which would be a big surprise.
Congrats to @BarackObama--he has now had over 40 months straight of over 8% unemployment while accruing over $6T (cont) 
President Obama wants @MittRomney to hand over even more past tax returns- he should when @BarackObama reveals his college applications.
The last time I spoke to Debbie Dingell was her call thanking me for granting top memorial and funeral service honors for her then just departed husband long time Congressman John Dingell. Now I watch her ripping me as part of the Democrats Impeachment Hoax. Really pathetic!
My @TeamCavuto interview re: 2016 the need for leadership in our country Syria &amp; China hacking our military 
Congratulations Marsha! 
President Obama is losing on so many fronts in fact all fronts that I am concerned he will do something totally irrational. He can't lead!
Socialists think profits are a vice; I consider losses the real vice. - Winston Churchill
Russia Syria and Iran are killing or on their way to killing thousands of innocent civilians in Idlib Province. Don’t do it! Turkey is working hard to stop this carnage.
Great news from Ireland—Clare County Council turned down massive windfarm near my hotel &amp; golf course in Doonbeg. 
“Christmas waves a magic wand over this world and behold everything is softer and more beautiful.” -- Norman Vincent Peale
Wake up Jeb supporters! 
Pelosi and Impeachment - There have already been 3 Votes and they’ve all failed miserably. Here’s why there may not be a fourth - 137 Democrats voted against on the last vote.” @JasonChaffetz  @seanhannity  Many of those voting in favor will be beaten in 2020!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #
Just won IOWA @CNN Poll BIG: Trump 33% Cruz 20% Rubio 11%  but @WSJ reported "Cruz momentum" but nothing about the fact that I easily won!
.@lancearmstrong revise your decision to quit--go back and fight.
“There’s only been 5 times in the last 105 years that an incumbent President has won seats in the Senate in the off year election. Mr. Trump has magic about him. This guy has magic coming out of his ears. He is an astonishing vote getter &amp; campaigner. The Republicans are.........
The Do Nothing Dems have nothing but time! 
FLORIDA - It is imperative that you heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. Please be prepared be careful and be SAFE! #HurricaneMichael  
So now tha Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the “unsolved mystery” that took place in Florida years ago? Investigate!
Fact – Amnesty lowers wages and invites more lawlessness. Obama has unilaterally cancelled any chance of immigration reform.
I am making a big speech the night of the @FoxNews debate but I wish everyone well. Yesterday was a big day for me with 5 wins!
#TrumpAdvice 
We should never have gone into Iraq but once in should have gotten out a lot faster. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
With all of its phony unnamed sources &amp; highly slanted &amp; even fraudulent reporting #Fake News is DISTORTING DEMOCRACY in our country!
Trump's National Lead Increases to 35.6% Going into the Third GOP Debate it's Trump Carson and Rubio  …
Thank you Iowa- see you soon!#Trump2016 #ImWithYou  
Chicago Police have every right to legally protest against the mayor and an administration that just won’t let them do their job. The killings are at a record pace and tough police work which Chicago will not allow would bring things back to order fast...the killings must stop!
What's with this rap stuff with me and Ebenezer Scrooge? 
Congrats to Charles @krauthammer for his statements on climate change formerly known as global warming!
 
Watching the Ryder Cup on @GolfChannel. Very interesting and tough matches. Amazing sport my favorite!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Due to the fact that Democrats are unwilling to change our very dangerous immigration laws we are indeed as reported giving strong considerations to placing Illegal Immigrants in Sanctuary Cities only....
Thank you America! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
“Our side needs Donald Trump.” -- @AnnCoulter on @seanhannity’s show last night.  Thanks Ann.
NO COLLUSION NO OBSTRUCTION NO NOTHING! “What the Democrats are trying to do is the biggest sin in the impeachment business.” David Rivkin Constitutional Scholar. Meantime the Dems are getting nothing done in Congress. They are frozen stiff. Get back to work much to do!
How does this cast look to you? Pretty amazing. #CelebApprentice
Do you notice the Fake News Mainstream Media never likes covering the great and record setting economic news but rather talks about anything negative or that can be turned into the negative. The Russian Collusion Hoax is dead except as it pertains to the Dems. Public gets it!
.@alexsalmond RT @RichWaugaman This time I agree 100% I never knew how useless a wind turbine was until I (cont) 
....embargo together with highest-level sanctions will be placed on the island of Cuba. Hopefully all Cuban soldiers will promptly and peacefully return to their island!
Thank you! #TrumpPence16 
Once again under@BarackObama the US has fallen down the ranks of global competitiveness    We must do better.
.@AndreBauer  Great job and advice on @CNN  @jaketapper  Thank you!
A big subject today at the White House Social Media Summit will be the tremendous dishonesty bias discrimination and suppression practiced by certain companies. We will not let them get away with it much longer. The Fake News Media will also be there but for a limited period..
According to the Failing New York Times the FBI started a major effort to flip Putin loyalists in 2014-2016. “It wasn’t about Trump he wasn’t even close to a candidate yet.”  Rigged Witch Hunt!
.@cindyhydesmith has helped me put America First! She’s strong on the Wall is helping me create Jobs loves our Vets and fights for our conservative judges...
Let’s not do a shutdown Democrats - do what’s right for the American People! 
Together we are Making America Safe and Great Again!  
If Snowden was such a hero then he would be in America.  He is escaping justice!
Honored to receive an endorsement from @SJSOPIO - thank you! Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AG… 
The ties shirts and suits at Macy's are doing fantastically well-check out the new designs and low prices-nothing better!
We cannot let the failing REPUBLICAN ESTABLISHMENT who could not stop Obama (twice) ruin the MOVEMENT with millions of  $'s in false ads!
New Day on CNN treats me very badly. @AlisynCamerota is a disaster. Not going to watch anymore.
Both candidates are looking sharp- now it's up to the mouth and the mind. #VPDebate
I appeared on David Letterman last night. And don't forget Sunday night---the first episode of Celebrity Apprentice will be on NBC at 9 pm.
....THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!
....State which I will win in #2020 because they can’t stand her and her hatred of our Country and they appreciate all that I have done for them (opening up mining and MUCH more) which has led to the best employment &amp; economic year in Minnesota’s long and beautiful history!
Every day St. Maarten loses vital tourism dollars due to the incompetence of PM Sarah Westcot-Williams. @PrimeMinisterSX
Princess Eugenie of York was a truly beautiful bride yesterday. She has been through so much and has come out a total winner!

Fast and Furious   gun running goes all the way to the White House.  We need answers now!
Now the Democrats are trying to smear Bernie with Russia Russia Russia. They are driving him Crazy!
Rep.Trey Gowdy “I don’t think so I think what the President is doing is expressing frustration that Attorney General Sessions should have shared these reasons for recusal before he took the job not afterward. If I were the President and I picked someone to be the country’s....
Via @Mediaite: "Trump to @gretawire: Sequester Cuts Don’t Go Far Enough’" 
I hate hearing after all of the hard work that @MittRomney never wanted to become President.
Congratulations to @seanhannity on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the @AP today. Amazing job!
Businesses have already started massive layoffs and reducing employees’ hours due to Obama Care.  Reality is setting in.
It was a great honor to welcome the President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdoğan to the @WhiteHouse today! 
My experience yesterday in Poland was a great one. Thank you to everyone including the haters for the great reviews of the speech!
The Governor of Louisiana John Bel Edwards has done a poor job. NOW HE IS IN A RUNOFF WITH A GREAT REPUBLICAN @EddieRispone. Thank you Louisiana! 66% down to 47% after I explained what a bad job the Governor was doing.
China is building 50 brand new airports while our country continues to rott! Very sad.
Welcome back @SteveScalise!#TeamScalise 
Thank you for your support at this mornings Town Hall- in Salem New Hampshire. #FITN #NHPrimary 
....the Ukraine Hoax that became the Impeachment Scam. Must get the ICIG answers by Friday because this is the guy who lit the fuse. So if he wants to clear his name prove that his office is indeed incompetent.” @DevinNunes @MariaBartiromo @FoxNews The ICIG never wanted proof!
Thank you Brad! 
Can’t wait to see you all soon! 
The new season of the Celebrity Apprentice begins Feb. 12--be prepared for the best season yet! 
Great photos from a SOUTHERN BORDER WALL Briefing with Secretary of Defense Mark @EsperDoD! 
Democrats refused to take care of DACA. Would have been so easy but they just didn’t care. I had to fight for Military and start of Wall.
...impeachment you have a Party of one. It’s over.” @kilmeade  “Nancy said Jerry please sit down. Very bad idea. We discovered that after putting so much time &amp; energy into the Mueller Report it turns out Mueller didn’t know what was in his Report.” @SteveDoocy @foxandfriends

...fired. This story is totally made up by the dishonest media.The Chief is doing a FANTASTIC job for me and more importantly for the USA!
....untruthful slime ball who was as time has proven a terrible Director of the FBI. His handling of the Crooked Hillary Clinton case and the events surrounding it will go down as one of the worst “botch jobs” of history. It was my great honor to fire James Comey!
Do you believe what is going on in Washington with respect to Syria - these people don't have a clue!
Join me tonight in Cedar Rapids Iowa at 7pm:  Arizona tomorrow night at 3pm: 
Great job @EricTrump! Proud of you!#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE 
....the crazed and incompetent Mayor of San Juan have done such a poor job  of bringing the Island back to health. 91 Billion Dollars to Puerto Rico and now the Dems want to give them more taking dollars away from our Farmers and so many others. Disgraceful!
Snow and ice freezing weather in Texas Arizona and Oklahoma - what the hell is going on with GLOBAL WARMING?
I hearby demand a second investigation after Schumer of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia and lying about it. 
Castro Chavez and Ahmadinejad are all anxiously awaiting our election results.  They are praying Obama wins.
Obama &amp; the Democrats want this shutdown. They think it helps their electoral prospects for 2014. Don’t believe!
Remember our brave men &amp; women who have fallen protecting our country this Memorial Day!
It’s a shame the ruling class of Republicans don’t attack Obama and the Democrats the way they hit Senators Cruz &amp; Lee.
Thank you America! # 
Will be heading to El Paso very soon. Big speech on Border Security and much else tonight. Tremendous crowd! See you later!
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.  --  Thomas A. Edison
It is finally sinking through. 46% OF PEOPLE BELIEVE MAJOR NATIONAL NEWS ORGS FABRICATE STORIES ABOUT ME. FAKE NEWS even worse! Lost cred.
People having a great time in the Trump Tower atrium ---   unlike others I stayed open. 
Brent Musburger did himself a great favor by saying what everyone was thinking- he is much more popular now than before.
Thank you for the great rallies all across the country. Tremendous support. Make America Great Again!
When will our nation's sacrifices  be respectfully appreciated? Iraq and Libya should reimburse us in oil.
.@BarackObama's college application would be very very very very interesting!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders. Millions of Democrats will run from her over this and support me.
....President. We are WINNING big the envy of the WORLD but just think what it could be?
Masa (SoftBank) of Japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the U.S. toward businesses and 50000 new jobs....
Readout of my meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu: 
....The fact is that African/American unemployment is now the lowest in the history of our country. Same with Asian Hispanic and almost every other group. The Democrats have been all talk and no action. My Administration has already produced like no other and everyone sees it!
They were just upset that I demanded they pay their fair share for NATO. Their countries are delinquent. I raised $530 Billion more from NATO countries! Thank you Charles. 
Obama's '07 speech which @DailyCaller just released not only shows that Obama is a racist but also how the press always covers for him.
Crooked Hillary Clinton just called the respected environmentalist and Green Party candidate Jill Stein a “Russian Asset.” They need a Green Party more than ever after looking at the Democrats disastrous environmental program!
Thank you @HauteLivingMag for naming @TrumpDoral the #1 golf course in Miami  
.@Omarosa’s new name via @DennisRodman: “Ms. Saboteur” sounds rather elegant. #CelebApprentice
....putting these massive and many fires out. Great firefighters! Also open up the ridiculously closed water lanes coming down from the North. Don’t pour it out into the Pacific Ocean. Should be done immediately. California desperately needs water and you can have it now!
The Greatest Presidential Harassment in history. After spending $40000000 over two dark years with unlimited access people resources and cooperation highly conflicted Robert Mueller would have brought charges if he had ANYTHING but there were no charges to bring!
No Collusion - No Obstruction! 
We need a tax system that is fair and smart--one that encourages growth savings and investment. #TimeToGetTough
Our great team at @FEMA is prepared for #HurricaneNate. Everyone in LA MS AL and FL please listen to your local authorities &amp; be safe!
I ask again how much is very wealthy South Korea paying the United States for protecting it against North Korea?
Wow! A federal Judge in the Southern District of N.Y. completely dismissed a lawsuit brought by the Democratic National Committee against our historic 2016 campaign for President. The Judge said the DNC case was “entirely divorced” from the facts yet another total &amp; complete....
Verlander pitched great but @Yankees look truly defeated.
Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
Thank you Rena! 
Nobody knows more about Healthcare than John. Great guy! 
Hillary Clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement &amp; insticts.
.@DebbieStabenow voted against Tax Cuts great Healthcare Supreme Court Justices and all of the many things the people of Michigan wanted and need. She is an automatic far left vote controlled by her bosses. John James can be a truly great Senator!
“I think it’s outrages that a Whistleblower is a CIA Agent.”  Ed Rollins @FoxNews
Get ALL the info  then quick trial then death penalty for the Boston killer of innocent children and people! Do not be kind.
Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total disgrace!
General John Kelly totally agrees w/ my stance on NFL players and the fact that they should not be disrespecting our FLAG or GREAT COUNTRY!
Now the Radical Left Democrats and their Partner the LameStream Media are after Brett Kavanaugh again talking loudly of their favorite word impeachment. He is an innocent man who has been treated HORRIBLY. Such lies about him. They want to scare him into turning Liberal!
Nancy Pelosi who has already lost the House &amp; Speakership once &amp; is about to lose it again is doing everything she can to delay the zero Republican vote Articles of Impeachment. She is trying to take over the Senate &amp; Cryin’ Chuck is trying to take over the trial. No way!....
The unforgivable crime is soft hitting. Do not hit at all if it can be avoided; but never hit softly. -  Theodore Roosevelt
James Comey’s behind closed doors testimony reveals that “there was not evidence of Campaign Collusion” with Russia when he left the FBI. In other words the Witch Hunt is illegal and should never have been started!
So much dishonest reporting (or non-reporting) in political media—an amazing experience for me. @BretBaier
Thank you South Bend Indiana! Everyone get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow! #INPrimary  
Is this the Judge that put Paul Manafort in SOLITARY CONFINEMENT something that not even mobster Al Capone had to endure? How did she treat Crooked Hillary Clinton? Just asking! 
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.ºº
Thank you @MarkLevinShow! 
Oh well we still have the great @seanhannity who I hear has a really strong show tonight. 9:00 P.M.
Remember the old saying "The more you learn the more you realize you don't know" -- it's true. Learning is a daily challenge.
My @gretawire int. on Leon Panetta's critique of Obama Ebola rise of ISIS Obama's lack of common sense &amp; 2016  
I will implement effective missile defenses to protect against threats. On this there will be no flexibility with Vladimir Putin. -- Mitt
Today I delivered remarks at the 36th Annual National Peace Officers' Memorial Service. #NationalPoliceWeekWatch… 
Situated in the heart of downtown Toronto the 65 story @TrumpTO offers an elegant and wonderful lifestyle 
Rick Perry failed at the border. Now he is critical of me. He needs a new pair of glasses to see the crimes committed by illegal immigrants.
Stock Market up more than 400 points yesterday. Today looks to be another good one. Companies earnings are great!
When I said that Hillary Clinton got schlonged by Obama it meant got beaten badly. The media knows this. Often used word in politics!
There will be no amnesty!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #
With one Yes vote in hospital &amp; very positive signs from Alaska and two others (McCain is out) we have the HCare Vote but not for Friday!
Congratulations to Bibi @Netanyahu on becoming the longest serving PM in the history of Israel. Under your leadership Israel has become a technology powerhouse and a world class economy....
70 stories above Panama Bay @TrumpPanama the majestic sail design is Central America’s architectural icon 
.@FLGovScott can create tens of thousands of jobs by approving casinos in Miami--it's time. @willweatherford
Thank you Terrence! 
So important. Should have been done years ago! 
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. 
THANK YOU OHIO!! #KAG2020 
Hope OPEC will increase output substantially. Need to keep prices down!
So nice! 
I recommend that Nervous Nancy Pelosi (who backed up Schiff’s lie) Shifty Adam Schiff Sleepy Joe Biden the Whistleblower (who miraculously disappeared after I released the transcript of the call) the 2nd Whistleblower (who also disappeared) &amp; the I.G. be part of the list!
Iraq in political turmoil one day after we leave---I told you so.
...money to Bill the Hillary Russian "reset" praise of Russia by Hillary or Podesta Russian Company. Trump Russia story is a hoax. #MAGA!
If amnesty is so popular according to the DC ruling class then why is Obama delaying his executive action until after the election?
Bob Corker gave us the Iran Deal &amp; that's about it. We need HealthCare we need Tax Cuts/Reform we need people that can get the job done!
Iran's threats are no excuse for the 9 month high price of oil. OPEC is ripping us off while @BarackObama watches. 
Congratulations to Heather Wilson who is the sole finalist to become the next President of University of Texas at El Paso effective September 1 2019. Heather has done an absolutely fantastic job...
I had amazing time in Charlotte. Great people &amp; many new friends. I look forward to coming back very soon. Congrats to Gavin &amp; Staff.
Get this straightened out Governor @GavinNewsom 
Wow word seems to be coming out that the Obama FBI “SPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN EMBEDDED INFORMANT.” Andrew McCarthy says “There’s probably no doubt that they had at least one confidential informant in the campaign.” If so this is bigger than Watergate!
Just read @marklevinshow’s bestseller book—really great!
Top 50 Facts About Crooked Hillary Clinton From Trump 'Stakes Of The Election' Address: 
Just left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise one of the truly great people is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter. Pray for Steve!
We have to maintain strong borders or we will no longer have a country that we can be proud of – and if we show any weakness millions of people will journey into our country.
Congrats to great golfer @Frostpga on his big win last week. Always been best putter. "Frost Wins for Trump"
Thank you. 
Give yourself a chance--make every day a discovery.
The Sarasota Florida rally today was amazing. 12000 people chanting their love for our country. It's going to happen this is a MOVEMENT!
A tough negotiator can make the Chinese back off. We've done it before. #TimeToGetTough    
America needs @MittRomney and @PaulRyanVP and we need them right now. -- @GovChristie
.@CNN poll just hit 49% for Trump. Interesting how my numbers have gone so far up since lightweight Marco Rubio has turned nasty. Love it!
Now we will never know if @BarackObama would have been able to fill Bank of America Stadium. Pretty convenient.
The Media (Fake News) is pushing Sleepy Joe hard. Funny I’m only here because of Biden &amp; Obama. They didn’t do the job and now you have Trump who is getting it done - big time!
Do you think Iran would have acted so tough if they were Russian sailors? Our country was humiliated.
Come join us at the Verizon Wireless Center- Manchester New Hampshire on 2/8! Register now:  
The #SOTU speech is really boring slow lethargic - very hard to watch!
I don't think Ted Cruz can even run for President until he can assure Republican voters that being born in Canada is not a problem. Doubt!
I'm not saying to not give vaccines I am just saying give them small doses over a long period of time - not one massive dose for a child.
....BUT MAYBE I STILL WILL. WITCH HUNT!
Via @CBSNews by @ReenaJF: "Donald Trump scolds Republicans: 'Toughen up'" 
Remember politicians are all talk and NO action. Our country is a laughing stock that is going to hell. The lobbyists &amp; donors control all!
I hope Oprah gives Lance Armstrong 100 million dollars because that's what that ridiculous interview will cost him!
“I think this is probably the most consequential media screwup of the last 25 to 50 years. It is difficult to comprehend or overstate the damage that the media did to the Country to their own reputation or to the Constitution. An absolute catastrophe” Sean Davis  @TuckerCarlson
Every poll shows high approval of the new sign on @TrumpChicago. I am honored by the great support.
The Do Nothing Democrats just keep repeating and repeating over and over again the same old “stuff” on the Impeachment Hoax. They want to use up ALL of their time even though it is the wrong thing to do. They ought to go back to work for our great American people!
I hope when Rand Paul gets out of the race—he is at 1%--his supporters come over to me. I will do a much better job for them.
Thank you Mahoning County Ohio! See you soon! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain  
“(Crooked) Hillary Clinton confirms she will not run in 2020 rules out a third bid for White House.” Aw-shucks does that mean I won’t get to run against her again? She will be sorely missed!
Via @examinercom: "The Miss Universe contestants glow with elegance during the Trump Holiday Party" 
I ask all Americans to band together and support your neighbors by not hoarding unnecessary amounts of food and essentials. TOGETHER we will stay STRONG and overcome this challenge!
Well this is it the final debate- let's see how it goes. I'll be tweeting live.
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman the worst attorney general in the US is in a tough election with John Cahill  @CahillForAG
...love to have Mike Pompeo Rick Perry Mick Mulvaney and many others testify about the phony Impeachment Hoax. It is a Democrat Scam that is going nowhere but future Presidents should in no way be compromised. What has happened to me should never happen to another President!
The people are really smart in cancelling subscriptions to the Dallas &amp; Arizona papers &amp; now USA Today will lose readers! The people get it!
Obama is tougher on WWII vets wanting to visit a DC memorial than Iran. He needs to show respect to our vets and not play games.
I met some really great Air Force GENERALS and Navy ADMIRALS today talking about airplane capability and pricing. Very impressive people!
China has hacked another US government body.  will we learn?
Mini Mike is a short ball (very) hitter. Tiny club head speed. KEEP AMERICA GREAT! 
.@pennjillette has received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame— about time! #CelebApprentice
Thank you @SenatorSessions!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain # 
It is our sacred duty to support America’s Service Members every single day they wear the uniform – and every day after when they return home as Veterans. Together we will HONOR those who defend us we will CHERISH those who protect us and we will celebrate the amazing heroes... 
Little @MacMiller—I don’t need your praise  -  - just pay me the money you owe.
There is no excuse for riots in Ferguson regardless of the grand jury outcome.
....Because of the Democrats not being interested in life and safety DACA has now taken a big step backwards. The Dems will threaten “shutdown” but what they are really doing is shutting down our military at a time we need it most. Get smart MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
....&amp; overwhelming” but this Scam Impeachment was neither. Also very unfair with no Due Process proper representation or witnesses. Now Pelosi is demanding everything the Republicans weren’t alowed to have in the House. Dems want to run majority Republican Senate. Hypocrites!
Great heroes! 
It’s important to promote an image of yourself each and every day. It’s part of having a sense of self and a sense of purpose.
.@AP is doing very badly. I can say from experience their reporting is terrible &amp; highly inaccurate. Sadly they are now irrelevant!
Congratulations to my Catholic friends on the selection of Pope Francis I to lead the Catholic Church. People that know him love him!
Wow new @ABCnews/@WashingtonPost @GOP preference poll has DonaldTrump 11 points up! Thank you.
Website Exposing Marco ‘Amnesty’ Rubio Goes Live: A ‘Donor Class Puppet’? - Breitbart    
Looking like my 5 victories on Tuesday will be just as good as if I won Ohio. Two more days and Ohio was mine!
Wow @GolfMagazine just rated the renovation of The Blue Monster the best of the year. Even better they stated it may be best of all time!
Big Rally in the Great State of South Carolina on Friday. See you there!
Democrats are going to destroy your Social Security. I have totally left it alone as promised and will save it!
Another cover-up. Obama won’t disclose how many illegal immigrants he has released into our country  No surprise.
My @FoxNews interview with @gretawire explaining that I am keeping all my options available for 2012 
With these record high gas prices what does it say about Obama that he was trying to brag about his energy policy in the debate?
MUST READ ARTICLE: “Immigration reform could be bonanza for Democrats”  Are the @RNC &amp; @GOP suicidal?
Just bought Doral Hotel &amp; Country Club in Miami--within two years it will be the best resort in the country.
How did Snowden with not even a high school education get access to top secret U.S. records. He then gave or sold those records-traitor!
So they now convict Roger Stone of lying and want to jail him for many years to come. Well what about Crooked Hillary Comey Strzok Page McCabe Brennan Clapper Shifty Schiff Ohr &amp; Nellie Steele &amp; all of the others including even Mueller himself? Didn’t they lie?....
Thank you to respected columnist Katie Hopkins of Daily  for her  powerful writing on the U.K.'s Muslim problems.
....Amendment.” John Yoo. @IngrahamAngle  Former Governor Jerry Brown vetoed the same bill in that it was ridiculous and totally unconstitutional. Just more of the record setting Presidential Harassment. Don’t feel badly New York State is far worse!

.... I only respond to people that register more than 1% in the polls. I never thought he had a chance and I’ve been proven right.
Highly respected Congressman Keith Rothfus (R) of Pennsylvania is in the fight of his life because the Dems changed the District Map. He must win. Strong on crime borders big tax &amp; reg cuts Military &amp; Vets. Opponent Lamb a Pelosi puppet-weak on crime. BIG ENDORSEMENT FOR KEITH
Democrats in Congress must no longer Obstruct - vote to fix our terrible Immigration Laws now. I am watching what is going on from Europe - it would be soooo simple to fix. Judges run the system and illegals and traffickers know how it works. They are just using children!
Trump: Something ‘mentally wrong’ with Weiner   via @hilltube by @DanielStrauss4
Congratulations to @TrumpIntRealty for the two top rentals in 2013!     #TIRNYC
The Republican Party is starting to show very big numbers. People are starting to see what is being done. Results are speaking loudly. North Korea and our greatest ever economy are leading the way!
When will people and the media start to apologize to me for my statement "Mexico is sending...." which turned out to be true?  El Chapo
.@KyleStephens30 #asktrump 
....I would suggest you read the COMPLETE testimony from Tuesday. A false narrative is so bad for our Country. I value our intelligence community. Happily we had a very good meeting and we are all on the same page!
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing housing prices the GDP numbers China spreading its wealth and my stock picks. 
.@GovMikeHuckabee was great the other night. People love him.
Sleazy Adam Schiff the totally biased Congressman looking into "Russia" spends all of his time on television pushing the Dem loss excuse!
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. 
By folding Penn State leadership made things worse. The deal is ridiculous &amp; punishes the wrong people. I hope the alumni sue to overturn.
Congratulations to the Philadelphia Eagles on a great Super Bowl victory!
(1/2) Time Magazine has me on the cover this week. David Von Drehle has written one of the best stories I have ever had.
Thank you Hershey Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE on November 8th &amp; we will #MAGA! #RallyForRiley #ICYMI watch here… 
No American should be separated from their loved ones because of preventable crime committed by those illegally in our country. Our cities should be Sanctuaries for Americans – not for criminal aliens! 
“Spend your time enjoying your big dreams.”  - Think Big
Thank you! 
To the great people of West Virginia we have together a really great chance to keep making a big difference. Problem is Don Blankenship currently running for Senate can’t win the General Election in your State...No way! Remember Alabama. Vote Rep. Jenkins or A.G. Morrisey!
First candidate in Virginia with over 16000 validated signatures for the ballot. An honor - thank you! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Congratulations to John Roberts for making Americans hate the Supreme Court because of his BS  
The government of Iran must allow human rights groups to monitor and report facts from the ground on the ongoing protests by the Iranian people. There can not be another massacre of peaceful protesters nor an internet shutdown. The world is watching.
Re Negotiation: Persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn can be good. The key is to know when to loosen up.
...  Doesn’t seem like they have a coherent strategy right now.
A dishonest slob of a reporter who doesn't understand my sarcasm when talking about him or his wife wrote a foolish &amp; boring Trump "hit"
Join me LIVE with @VP @SecretaryPerry @SecretaryZinke and @EPAScottPruitt. #
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Ebola and ISIS will be topics.
This is a once-in-a-generation opportunity to offer historic tax relief to the American people! Join me today:  
....I know Emmanuel means well as do all others but nobody speaks for the United States but the United States itself. No one is authorized in any way shape or form to represent us!
Obama keeps saying that he will do something--- but why hasn't he done it? It's all talk.
The economy is looking really good. It has been many years that we have seen these kind of numbers. The underlying strength of companies has perhaps never been better.
Come on Crazy Nancy do it! 
I had a great time answering as many questions as possible in sixty seconds at @facebook NY today- 
.....this thinking years ago. Instead it was always held together with very weak bandaids &amp; in an artificial manner. There is good will on both sides &amp; a really good chance for success. The U.S. has secured the Oil &amp; the ISIS Fighters are double secured by Kurds &amp; Turkey....
And also illegally leaking to Fake News CNN &amp; others? 
Bottom line I don't think President changed people's minds - must hope for a lifeline from Putin a very dangerous lifeline at that!
Pat Buchanan gave a fantastic interview this morning on @CNN - way to go Pat way ahead of your time!
My @NewsRadio967 interview re Jeb Bush's absurd immigration comment &amp; @Citizens_United @AFPhq Freedom Summit.   
Thank you to all of America's brave police deputies sheriffs and federal law enforcement on National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day! We love you and will always support you. 
The greatest threat to our security is our debt. It is already past 100% GDP. We need to make real budget cuts.
Drain the Swamp should be changed to Drain the Sewer - it's actually much worse than anyone ever thought and it begins with the Fake News!
We crushed the original goal! I will write a $2 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our end-of-month goal!  
So General Flynn lies to the FBI and his life is destroyed while Crooked Hillary Clinton on that now famous FBI holiday “interrogation” with no swearing in and no recording lies many times...and nothing happens to her? Rigged system or just a double standard?
There is no political necessity to keep Canada in the new NAFTA deal. If we don’t make a fair deal for the U.S. after decade of abuse Canada will be out. Congress should not interfere with these negotiations or I will simply terminate NAFTA entirely &amp; we will be far better off..
For you newcomers George Ross was one of my first advisors on the original Apprentice. #CelebApprentice
Watch me get inducted into the #WWEHOF tonight at 10PM on USA. I will be posting exclusive behind the… 
Obama’s motto: If I don’t go on tax payer funded vacations &amp; constantly fundraise then the terrorists win.
Now that I started my war on illegal immigration and securing the border most other candidates are finally  speaking up. Just politicians!
Why didn’t Robert Mueller &amp; his band of 18 Angry Democrats spend any time investigating Crooked Hillary Clinton Lyin’ &amp; Leakin’ James Comey Lisa Page and her Psycho lover Peter S Andy McCabe the beautiful Ohr family Fusion GPS and many more  including HIMSELF &amp; Andrew W?
We hit 3M hard today after seeing what they were doing with their Masks. “P Act” all the way. Big surprise to many in government as to what they were doing - will have a big price to pay!
From an amazing day on the border in Laredo. 
We are making great progress with healthcare. ObamaCare is imploding and will only get worse. Republicans coming together to get job done!
The 18th hole at the Blue Monster @Doral in Miami is considered the toughest finishing hole in golf...
#MakeAmericaGreatAgainVideo:  
....have a Radical Left nonbeliever who wants to take your religion &amp; your guns than Donald Trump as your President. No President has done more for the Evangelical community and it’s not even close. You’ll not get anything from those Dems on stage. I won’t be reading ET again!
“If you don't have problems you're pretending or you don't run your own business.” –Donald J. Trump  
A feature on the progress of the course @ #Trump Int'l #Golf Club will feature on @CNNLivingGolf Thurs 8 May 2014 @ 0930 &amp; 1630 GMT #DAMAC
Join me in Mobile Alabama on Sat. at 3pm! #ThankYouTour2016 Tickets:  
The mind that opens to a new idea never comes back to its original size. -- Einstein
Was in Iowa yesterday-great people. Record crowds at both speeches. Something big is happening. Pols are all talk. Make America great again!
TONIGHT! NORTH CAROLINA: GEORGIA: NEVADA:
Obama will be trying very hard at next debate- he doesn't want to lose the Boeing.
Thank you very much to Ken Langone for being a great American and for your wonderful comments on @TeamCavuto.
Big win by @Yankees last night to take control of AL East. Jeter &amp; company now control their destiny.
My @foxandfriends interview discussing how @BarackObama should release his college applications &amp; records 
I will and I agree! RT @ZacharyQuinto@realdonaldtrump you can't possibly make any more money. so why don't you make a difference instead?!
....He had the Majority &amp; blew it away with his poor leadership and bad timing. Never knew how to go after the Dems like they go after us. Couldn’t get him out of Congress fast enough!
Very sad &amp; dangerous that soon to be ex-Intelligence Chair Dianne Feinstein released the CIA report. Glad she is losing her Comm. Chair.
.....to any President of either party again. Laura @IngrahamAngle
Thank you Travis County Texas!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
The Answer to both Social Security and Medicare is a robust growing economy---not cuts on the elderly.
Good luck to the US Men’s National Team in tomorrow’s CONCACAF Cup vs. Mexico!  It should be a great game!  
Sadly Democrats want to stop paying our troops and government workers in order to give a sweetheart deal not a fair deal for DACA. Take care of our Military and our Country FIRST!
Honored to finally put an end to the “Widow’s Tax” and ensure that our surviving military spouses receive their full benefits. The spouses and families of our fallen heroes have suffered enough and WE must do everything in our power to ease the burden.
When an employee leaves me and begs to come back--I never let them. Loyalty is very important.
Another activist Obama appointed judge has just ruled against us on a section of the Southern Wall that is already under construction. This is a ruling against Border Security and in favor of crime drugs and human trafficking. We are asking for an expedited appeal!
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. - Albert Einstein”
The Formula of Knowledge: The best way to learn is through studying the history of success and failures in your industry.
I always said that @lancearmstrong had to keep fighting the charges. By stopping he gave his enemies an opening.
WOW John James is making headway in Michigan. We are bringing jobs back to the State and the People of Michigan appreciate it. Debbie Stabenow has been no help if anything a major hindrance. John James is a star I hope the voters see it. Polls are tightening!
....to your favorite President me! These people are vicious and totally crazed but remember there are far more great people (“Deplorables”) in this country than bad. Do to them what they do to you. Fight for Bernie Marcus and Home Depot!
Thank you! 
PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM 
Where the hell is global warming when you need it?
General McMaster forgot to say that the results of the 2016 election were not impacted or changed by the Russians and that the only Collusion was between Russia and Crooked H the DNC and the Dems. Remember the Dirty Dossier Uranium Speeches Emails and the Podesta Company!
The meeting between President Putin and myself was a great success except in the Fake News Media!
The Golden Rule of Negotiating:  He who has the gold makes the rules.
“In order to build your wealth and improve your business smarts you need to know about real estate.” - Think Like a Billionaire
Congratulations to the @AF_Academy Class of 2019! 
Happy Father's Day to all even the haters and losers!
Wow interview released by Wikileakes shows "quid pro quo" in Crooked Hillary e-mail probe.Such a dishonest person - &amp; Paul Ryan does zilch!
“This is what Democrats have done. They want to create the idea that there is all this smoke so people think there’s fire. They did this with Russia Collusion &amp; there was no fire. It makes zero sense what the Democrats are accusing him of.” @LisaMarieBoothe @foxandfriends
The Democrats are saying loud and clear that they do not want to build a Concrete Wall - but we are not building a Concrete Wall we are building artistically designed steel slats so that you can easily see through it....
Thank you to the @dcexaminer Washington Examiner. The list is growing every day! 
“Morrison testifies he saw nothing wrong with the Trump call.” @OANN
Best equipment &amp; finest military in the World. On site quickly! 
Even though I beat him in the first six debates especially the last one Ted Cruz wants to debate me again. Can we do it in Canada?
Great advice from my mother: “Trust in God and be true to yourself.” – Mary MacLeod Trump
.@Mayor_Nutter of Philadelphia who is doing a terrible job should be ashamed for using such a disgusting word in referring to me.Low life!
Louisiana get out and Vote Early for @EddieRispone as your next Governor. Lower Taxes and car insurance. Will protect your 2nd Amendment. John Bel Edwards is always fighting our MAGA Agenda. Wants to raise your taxes and car insurance to the sky. Vote for Republican Eddie R!
Just spoke w/ @GovRicketts. The people of Nebraska &amp; across the Midwest especially the Farmers &amp; Ranchers are feeling the impacts from severe weather. The first responders &amp; emergency response teams have done a great job dealing w/ record flooding high winds &amp; road closures.
If @megynkelly stopped covering me on her show her ratings would drop like a rock! My h to h interview with @AC360 beat her by millions!
Via @CNNMoney by @jtotoole: “U.S. taps Donald Trump to convert DC's Old Post Office into luxury hotel” 
“It appears that an American spy in one of our intelligence agencies may have been spying on our own president. The complaint suggests that this intel agent was listening in on Trump’s conversation....
I will be going to Mississippi tomorrow night - hear the crowds are going to be massive! Look forward to it.
It was a great and triumphant evening for our Country. Thank you for all of the nice remarks and wonderful reviews of my State of the Union Speech. It was my great honor to have done it!
Must read article by @boonepickens &amp; @AmbJohnBolton: “America’s Untapped Energy Weapon”  We don't need foreign oil!
We are with you Florida!  
Just like the NFL whose ratings have gone WAY DOWN Nike is getting absolutely killed with anger and boycotts. I wonder if they had any idea that it would be this way? As far as the NFL is concerned I just find it hard to watch and always will until they stand for the FLAG!
“When you can't make them see the light make them feel the heat.” – President Ronald Reagan
.....Brennan too. And the Whistleblower also worked for Susan Rice. It’s an understatement to say that this is a Witch Hunt.” @IngrahamAngle  They spied on my campaign!
Greece's financial calamity should serve as a warning. @BarackObama's massive deficit spending is unsustainable.
Trump Tuesday--@SquawkCNBC tomorrow at 7:38 AM.

Join me at Clemson University on Wednesday February 10th! #
Departing Farmers Round Table in Boynton Beach Florida. Get out &amp; VOTE- lets #MAGA! EARLY VOTING BY FL. COUNTY:… 
So where are all the missing Text messages between fired FBI agents Peter S and the lovely Lisa Page his lover. Just reported that they have been erased and wiped clean. What an outrage as the totally compromised and conflicted Witch Hunt moves ever so slowly forward. Want them!
Just left Florida amazing how well State is doing-- jobs way up taxes down. Congrats to @FLGovScott
#TrumpAdvice 
So much for ‘global warming.’ Earth is cooling at a record pace 
#CelebApprentice Another exciting episode -tune in next Monday at 8pm for 2 more new episodes!
ObamaCare is a disaster and Snowden is a spy who should be executed-but if it and he could reveal Obama's recordsI might become a major fan
....Today @FLOTUS and I encourage all Americans to cherish and honor the memory of those we have lost through acts of love and service. We will hold Parkland forever in our hearts.
Thank you! 
George Will one of the most overrated political pundits (who lost his way long ago) has left the Republican Party.He's made many bad calls
See you there! 
....he will be successful especially as the weather starts to warm &amp; the virus hopefully becomes weaker and then gone. Great discipline is taking place in China as President Xi strongly leads what will be a very successful operation. We are working closely with China to help!
The GOP needs to learn how to get tough and outnegotiate @BarackObama and his big spending allies in (cont)  20:20:37,28,6,false,167704476239671297Twitter Web Client,Keystone must be approved. Oil is at a record high. We need to use our resources and support allies like Canada.,02-09-2012 20:10:50,599,407,false,167702012841046017Twitter Web Client,@WyattBrian  Timing is important so considerations such as your financial situation and how solid your plans are should be reviewed.,02-09-2012 20:08:09,2,1,false,167701340276011010Twitter Web Client,The Church is yet another victim to his liberal agenda: @BarackObama lied to his Catholic supporters to pass ObamaCare.,02-09-2012 19:55:03,132,19,false,167698041216839680TwitLonger Beta,Q/A @thecelidebiasio  The secret behind my success is that I love what I'm doing. That gives me energy focus (cont)  19:12:33,67,24,false,167687344906969088Twitter Web Client,The Fed is destroying the dollar. When inflation hits the economy then even more jobs will go overseas.,02-09-2012 19:03:18,141,42,false,167685018330734592Twitter Web Client,Q/A @stalkinpeople  Yes I'd give the real numbers.,02-09-2012 19:00:47,4,1,false,167684386349785088Twitter Web Client,Q/A @saychowder  I receive a great many requests for interviews nationally and internationally.,02-09-2012 18:58:38,6,0,false,167683843128700929TwitLonger Beta,Why should he? He's only the POTUS--and @BarackObama has no opinion" on whether the Senate should pass a budget. 
Hopefully the House of Representatives can hold our country together for four more years...stay strong and never give up!
This is your land this is your home and it's your voice that matters the most. So speak up be heard and fight fight fight for the change you've been waiting for your entire life!MERRY CHRISTMAS and THANK YOU Pensacola Florida! 
Can u believe that Jeb Bush’s campaign manager is in Berlin Germany looking for money? What’s he giving to Germany? 
I am encouraged by President Moon's assurances that he will work to level the playing field for American workers b… 
.....came from and in far safer conditions. No matter how good things actually look even if perfect the Democrat visitors will act shocked &amp; aghast at how terrible things are. Just Pols. If they really want to fix them change the Immigration Laws and Loopholes. So easy to do!
Congresswoman Maxine Waters an extraordinarily low IQ person has become together with Nancy Pelosi the Face of the Democrat Party. She has just called for harm to supporters of which there are many of the Make America Great Again movement. Be careful what you wish for Max!
President Obama seems so fawning and desperate to make a deal with Iran that lots of bad results can occur. Be cool and be careful!
country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more I believe the people are seeing "big stuff."
Flags to be flown at Half-Staff at all Trump Properties in Honor of the Five Fallen Soldiers-
The Republicans should NOT give @BarackObama the authority to raise the debt another $1.2Trillion (cont) 
Thank you @JebBush- you finally get it! 
I will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor - tonight from Florida now. Enjoy!
Thank you America! @FoxNews post-debate poll with +/- from previous poll. #VoteTrump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
What They Are Saying About @realDonaldTrump's GREAT Debate and @HillaryClinton's Bad Performance… 
....Guess what that’s not going to happen! China has just informed us that they (Vice-Premier) are now coming to the U.S. to make a deal. We’ll see but I am very happy with over $100 Billion a year in Tariffs filling U.S. coffers...great for U.S. not good for China!
My @LateNightJimmy interview with @jimmyfallon discussing the new season of All-Star @CelebApprentice 
Further proof that Gang of Eight member Marco Rubio is weak on illegal immigration is Paul Singer's Mr. Amnesty endorsement.Rubs can't win
We must protect our veterans. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Via @BBCNews: “Donald Trump golf clubhouse at Menie approved”  
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain # 
....except for those stated by me &amp; “reams of paper” were never given to me. It is a made up story meant to demean &amp; belittle. The Post had no sources. The facts remain the same that we have 4 Radical Left Congresswomen who have said very bad things about Israel &amp; our Country!
With long gas lines &amp; total disarray from storm the hurricane may yet be a negative for Obama.
President Obama thought that Crooked Hillary was going to win the election so when he was informed by the FBI about Russian Meddling he said it couldn’t happen was no big deal &amp; did NOTHING about it. When I won it became a big deal and the Rigged Witch Hunt headed by Strzok!
My new radio ad airing today in Wisconsin! See you soon!#WIPrimary #Trump2016 
Anne Hathaway is a good winner!
.@MattGinellaGC Matt the statement about Pinehurst looking like a local community golf course"awful" was not made by me but tweeted to me
Sometimes there is justice. A Chinese military newspaper was hacked. 
Taking risks &amp; making mistakes is the best way to learn something new. Most of the time you will surprise yourself -Trump Never Give Up
...Why did Democratic National Committee turn down the DHS offer to protect against hacks (long prior to election). It's all a big Dem HOAX!
The Republicans House members were fantastic yesterday. It always helps to have a much better case in fact the Dems have no case at all but the unity &amp; sheer brilliance of these Republican warriors all of them was a beautiful sight to see. Dems had no answers and wanted out!
“The best entrepreneurs believe the true measure of success has to do with the number of jobs their business creates.” – Midas Touch
Join me live from Bedminster New Jersey: 
China has been asked to develop a plan for the year of a One Billion Dollar reduction in their massive Trade Deficit with the United States. Our relationship with China has been a very good one and we look forward to seeing what ideas they come back with. We must act soon!
Funny how the failing @nytimes is pushing Dems narrative that Russia is working for me because Putin said "Trump is a genius." America 1st!
There is no challenge too great no dream outside of our reach! Thank you Selma North Carolina!#ICYMI watch here… 
Hillary Clinton is weak and ineffective - no strength no stamina.
What he did is illegal. Schiff is a corrupt politician and a criminal! 
What a surprise! Newly released audit proves that the IRS only targeted Tea Party groups 
.@JebBush was terrible on Face The Nation today. Being at 2% and falling seems to have totally affected his confidence. A basket case!
On my way see you soon! 
“Courageous people do not fear forgiving for the sake of peace.” – Nelson Mandela
...instead of biting the hand that feeds you! Don’t bother just keep making me money!
They are really mad at Senator Joe Munchkin in West Virginia. He couldn’t understand the Transcripts. Romney could but didn’t want to!
The incompetence of our current administration is beyond comprehension. TPP is a terrible deal.
Thank you NH! We will end illegal immigration stop the drugs deport all criminal aliens&amp;save American lives! Watc… 
I believe @BarackObama made a deal with the Saudis to increase oil production until after the election. Then (cont) 
Consideration is being given to declaring ANTIFA the gutless Radical Left Wack Jobs who go around hitting (only non-fighters) people over the heads with baseball bats a major Organization of Terror (along with MS-13 &amp; others). Would make it easier for police to do their job!
Donald Trump visits Doral resort says he’s allaying neighbors’ concerns  via @MiamiHerald
Watching the Dodgers/Red Sox final innings. It is amazing how a manager takes out a pitcher who is loose &amp; dominating through almost 7 innings Rich Hill of Dodgers and brings in nervous reliever(s) who get shellacked. 4 run lead gone. Managers do it all the time big mistake!
Good luck to Ric Grenell our new Ambassador to Germany. A great and talented guy he will represent our Country well!
Just found out I won the Rockingham County Republican Booth Straw Poll at the Deerfield Fair in New Hampshire this past weekend. 39% ---Wow!
Winning isn't everything but the will to win is everything. -- Vince Lombardi
I enjoyed my interview with @GStephanopoulos on @abcnews. So funny to watch the Fake News Media try to dissect &amp; distort every word in as negative a way as possible. It will be aired on Sunday night at 8:00 P.M. and is called “President Trump: 30 Hours” (which is somewhat....
Tomorrow I will be tweeting on only one subject!
If dummy Bill Kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an Independent say good bye to the Supreme Court!
Do Nothing Democrats were busy wasting their time on the Impeachment Hoax &amp; anything they could do to make the Republican Party look bad while I was busy calling early boarder &amp; flight closings putting us way ahead in our battle with the Coronavirus. Dems called it very wrong!
The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 in favor of additional Sanctions on North Korea. The World wants Peace not Death!
 
Camp David is a very special place. An honor to have spent the weekend there. Military runs it so well and are so proud of what they do!
Bob Schieffer will do a great job tonight. Always treated me fairly.
It’s amazing what I’ve done the most of any President in the first three years (by far) considering that for three years I’ve been under phony political investigations and the Impeachment Hoax! KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
On the luxurious Palos Verdes Peninsula @TrumpGolfLA features @GolfWorldUS' top public course &amp; elite restaurants 
The Republican Party needs strong and committed leaders not weak people such as @JeffFlake if it is going to stop illegal immigration.
Obama is planning on attacking Romney on Bain in tomorrow's debate   Mitt should bring up college applications &amp; records
.... Their response to H1N1 Swine Flu was a full scale disaster with thousands dying and nothing meaningful done to fix the testing problem until now. The changes have been made and testing will soon happen on a very large scale basis. All Red Tape has been cut ready to go!
I am impressed with the scam @BarackObama pulled but the truth will come out.
Gina Haspel did a spectacular job today. There is nobody even close to run the CIA!
The reason Flake and Corker dropped out of the Senate race is very simple they had zero chance of being elected. Now act so hurt &amp; wounded!
Democrats are so obviously rooting against us in our negotiations with North Korea. Just like they are coming to the defense of MS 13 thugs saying that they are individuals &amp; must be nurtured or asking to end your big Tax Cuts &amp; raise your taxes instead. Dems have lost touch!
Must read f/@ weeklystandard by @JayCostTWS: “Obamacare Myth-Making - Five phony success stories.” 

Thank you West Virginia - I love you! 
Today proves what I have always known that @Reince Priebus is the tough one and the smart one not Debbie Wasserman Shultz (@DWStweets.)
I will be on CNN's - State of the Union tomorrow morning at 9amE.  
Kevin McAleenan has done an outstanding job as Acting Secretary of Homeland Security. We have worked well together with Border Crossings being way down. Kevin now after many years in Government wants to spend more time with his family and go to the private sector....
Thank you Steve. The greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. history! 
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
.@jasondhorowitz  I am very proud of my sister your story was terrific. Thank you so much.
...and they knew exactly what I said and meant. They just wanted a story. FAKE NEWS!
But they really knew who was going to win! 
A Great Democrat Scam! 
Juan Williams at @FoxNews is so pathetic and yet when he met me in the Fox Building lobby he couldn’t have been nicer as he asked me to take a picture of him and me for his family. Yet he is always nasty and wrong!
I'm sure the media will not report the highly respected new national poll that just came out via The Economist. 32%! 
Re Florida Power &amp; Light—Most important is safety but they have to also cater to aesthetics &amp; not ruin the beauty of Florida.
Life brings you many surprises. As a child I used to vacation with my family at the Doral in Miami. Now I own it. 
Tomorrow is the 10 year anniversary of the Apprentice one of the biggest hits in television history. How time flies!
I have traveled the world. America is the most beautiful country on Earth.
.@CharlesMBlow  Why don’t you use new polls instead of the single ancient national poll that was a tiny bit negative. Dishonest reporting!
Thank you @thefix for your very honest commentary. One thing we do have great teams in IA NH SC and beyond. 
No matter how diligent you are in evaluating a business deal there is invariably one factor you have no control over--luck...
It's time for Ted Cruz to either settle his problem with the FACT that he was born in Canada and was a citizen of Canada or get out of race
Jay Carney won't answer reporters questions of "Why Obama won't release his college transcripts"- Come on Jay!
Entrepreneurs: View any conflict as an opportunity. Being positive could lead you into a fortunate situation.
How do you fight millions of dollars of fraudulent commercials pushing for crooked politicians? I will be using Facebook &amp; Twitter. Watch!
Via @Newsmax_Media by @wandacarruthers: “Trump: Baghdad Likely to Fall to ISIS”  
The only people who are not interested in being the V.P. pick are the people who have not been asked!

....greatly help the African American community (and all other communities) and which was unable to get done in past administrations despite a tremendous desire for it. This and best unemployment numbers EVER is more than Kamala will EVER be able to do for African Americans!
All of us here today are united by the same timeless values. We believe that our liberty is a gift from our creator and that no Government can ever take it away. We believe in the rule of law - and we support the men and women of law enforcement. We have pride in our history... 
EXCLUSIVE — DONALD TRUMP ON THE GOP PRIMARY: ‘IF I WIN I WILL BEAT HILLARY’  via @BreitbartNews by Katie McHugh
President Obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in Cuba especially in the shadows of Brussels. He is being treated badly!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
.@Betsy_McCaughey Thanks so much. Really appreciate your comments.  I will help the veterans like no one else.   
The Democrats are still doing the Russians dirty work as they continue to push the fake crime. Media credibility is now shot Democrat credibility is shot they’ve wasted over 100 hearings on a Hoax they’ve done nothing on Infrastructure drug prices trade....@JesseBWatters
The U.S. has made such bad trade deals over so many years that we can only WIN!
It’s March 5th and the Democrats are nowhere to be found on DACA. Gave them 6 months they just don’t care. Where are they? We are ready to make a deal!
Great poll - thank you America! Once we #DrainTheSwamp together we will #MAGA🇺🇸#Debate 
My best wishes to everyone for a Happy Thanksgiving!
Sooner or later those who win are those who think they can. --Paul Tournier
.@MELANIATRUMP and I are looking forward to watching @AnnDRomney's speech tonight. She is an amazing woman who will be a great First Lady!
The stock of my shirt and tie maker just hit an all-time high--great going--great product!
The Republican Party must spend its money wisely and do incredible television commercials. They must be tough and smart.
RE: Michael Jackson: "He was a great friend and a spectacular entertainer. It’s a devastating loss!" -Donald J. Trump
So generous and pious! After spending millions of our tax dollars on his campaign through travel @BarackObama donated to himself.
Kim Jong Un is too smart and has far too much to lose everything actually if he acts in a hostile way. He signed a strong Denuclearization Agreement with me in Singapore. He does not want to void his special relationship with the President of the United States or interfere.... 
My @ WCNC News interview w/ @DianneG touring the magnificent Trump National Charlotte course &amp; facilities  
FEMA and first responders are working hard (yet again) on Hurricane Nate. Military helping. Very much under control!
MAGA! 
I called President Putin of Russia to congratulate him on his election victory (in past Obama called him also). The Fake News Media is crazed because they wanted me to excoriate him. They are wrong! Getting along with Russia (and others) is a good thing not a bad thing.......
Cryin’ Chuck Schumer is saying privately that the new China Trade Deal is  unbelievable which it is but publicly he knocks it whenever possible. That’s politics but so bad for our great Country!
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. -- Abraham Lincoln
I will be interviewed by @TuckerCarlson tonight at 8:00pm on @FoxNews!
Beautiful evening in Iowa. GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.! #MAGA🇺🇸 
Congress must pass a budget and hold Obama to it. No more continuing resolutions and no more excuses. Republicans soon hold both houses.
“I also plan to keep making deals big deals and right around the clock.” – The Art of The Deal
Two great people! 
The right leadership can help economy while creating security around the world. Let’s make America great again! 
Great job once again by law enforcement! We are proud of them and should embrace them - without them we don't have a country!
Post-Debate via @OANN. Thank you!#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Check out Trump International Hotel & Tower New York --spectacular! 
Thank you Bobby Bowden for the intro tonight and your support! I hope I can do as well for Florida as you have done! 
Nice guy @pennjillette needs your help to make his bad guy movie Directors Cut--&gt;  @fundanything
Everyone loves TV’s darling @TheRealMarilu. But wait until you see her tough &amp; competitive side in the upcoming @CelebApprentice!
I'm a skeptical guy but I don't believe Petraeus used this to get out of the Benghazi hearings.
My interview yesterday on the S&P downgrade with Wolf Blitzer on CNN  
President Obama we need to protect our closest ally Israel. The situation in the Middle East is at a tipping point.
My  @foxandfriends interview from yesterday discussing how @BarackObama failed to show any leadership on th… (cont) 
If I were president Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi would be let out of jail with one phone call. If notMexico would pay a price like never before!
For the first time in American History we have replaced a disastrous Trade Deal that REWARDED outsourcing with a truly FAIR and RECIPROCAL Trade Deal that will keep jobs wealth and growth right here in AMERICA! 
It's hardly any wonder that our country's manufacturing dominance has evaporated. #TimeToGetTough  (cont) 
Very disappointed with General Motors and their CEO Mary Barra for closing plants in Ohio Michigan and Maryland. Nothing being closed in Mexico &amp; China. The U.S. saved General Motors and this is the THANKS we get! We are now looking at cutting all @GM subsidies including....
I need the people of West Virginia to send a message to Chuck Schumer Maxine Waters Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Democrats by voting for Carol Miller and Patrick Morrisey!
.@serenawilliams we look forward to being with you a truly great champion tomorrow at Trump National D.C. for the Tennis Center dedication
Our country and our "leaders" are getting dumber all the time. Now they are about to release full documentation on torture. Will destroy CIA
Based on @MegynKelly's conflict of interest and bias she should not be allowed to be a moderator of the next debate.
DACA is dead because the Democrats didn’t care or act and now everyone wants to get onto the DACA bandwagon... No longer works. Must build Wall and secure our borders with proper Border legislation. Democrats want No Borders hence drugs and crime!
No-one has done more for people with disabilities than me. I have spent many millions of dollars to help out-and am happy to have done so!
 
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
Senator Claire McCaskill of the GREAT State of Missouri flew around in a luxurious private jet during her RV tour of the state. RV’s are not for her. People are really upset so phony! Josh Hawley should win big and has my full endorsement.
Happy to have @ralphreed and the FFC's endorsement of the Newsmax-@iontv debate. FFC  is a great organization.
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman is perhaps the most incompetent and least respected A.G. in the U.S. He is a total joke!
Republicans are going for the big Budget approval today first step toward massive tax cuts. I think we have the votes but who knows?
I am happy that "The Job" on CBS the 16th. knockoff of the Apprentice was just cancelled. I love to see my opponents lose (not nice)!
The three very weak and untalented late night “hosts” are “fighting over table scraps. Carson did a great job it wasn’t political. I don’t know what they’re going to do in 2024 when he’s no longer President?  Will be wacky in the unemployment line.” Michael Loftus @foxandfriends
#MerryChristmas 
As Diwali commences @FLOTUS Melania and I wish those observing the Festival of Lights a blessed and happy celebration! #HappyDiwali 
Thank you Pete. Our great warfighters must be allowed to fight. I would not have done this for Sgt. Bergdahl or Chelsea Manning! 
“The President has been remarkable. I do not doubt that he will thrive in this new environment and he will be a constant reminder of what populism is.” Thank you to Tammy Bruce and Steve Hilton. Presidential Harassment has been with me from the beginning!
Iran will soon take all of the oil in Iraq...and Iraq itself---Keep the oil.
Don't forget to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9pm...you will love it!
Obama is making speeches excoriating the Republicans and they never answer back. Why aren’t they fighting?
.@McIlroyRory  What a year it has been for you  -- and this weekend topped it off. Fantastic job see u at Doral.
Then we attended the Scottish fashion show that benefits veterans Dressed to Kilt 2010 which I co-hosted with Sir Sean and Lady Connery.
Congratulations to Governor @MattBevin on winning the Republican Primary for Governor tonight in the Great State of KENTUCKY. Matt you are doing a fantastic job!
It was Rosie O'Donnell who ate the cake in the vicious Hillary commercial about me not Crooked Hillary! @marthamaccallum
Thank you Hugh! 
Thank you @foxandfriends great show this morning and congratulations on your number one (by far) rating. Well deserved!
Join me in Colorado Springs at 2pm- or in Denver tonight at 7pm!Colorado Springs:  
Great job by Texas Law Enforcement and First Responders in handling the terrible shooting tragedy yesterday. Thank you also to the FBI @GregAbbott_TX and all others. A very tough and sad situation!
From Donald Trump: Andrea Bocelli @ Mar-a-Lago - Many say best night of entertainment in long history of Palm Beach 
The Democrats and Crooked Hillary paid for &amp; provided a Fake Dossier with phony information gotten from foreign sources pushed it to the corrupt media &amp; Dirty Cops &amp; have now been caught. They spied on my campaign then tried to cover it up - Just Like Watergate but bigger!
The @nyjets are going to have a terrific season. @Mark_Sanchez &amp; @TimTebow will do great things on the field.
Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election. Wrong it all came together in the last week and.....
With all of the Fake News coming out of NBC and the Networks at what point is it appropriate to challenge their License? Bad for country!
Unemployment is down to 4.1% lowest in 17 years. 1.5 million new jobs created since I took office. Highest stock Market ever up $5.4 trill
Happy to hear that @ralphreed's Faith and Freedom chapters are at the @RNC convention supporting @MittRomney. We must be united to win!
.@ChuckTodd just informed us that my interview last week on @MeetthePress was their highest rated show in 4 years. Congrats!
Four more days until the Miss Universe Pageant. Be sure to tune in on Monday night at 9 p.m. on NBC--it will be an amazing show.
Obama admin. called @netanyahu "chickenshit." Ironic since Bibi was an IDF Special Forces commando while Obama was a community organizer.
Just had an Agricultural Roundtable with memembers of Congress and Governors.I will be making remarks on the large scale TAX CUTS given to American families and workers at 1:45 P.M. from the Rose Garden. Join me live:  
Andrew thank you! We will never forgive or forget. 
The American people deserve a healthcare system that takes care of them – not one that takes advantage of them. We will work every day to ensure all Americans have access to the quality affordable medication they need and deserve. We will not rest until the job is done! 
The Yuan hit another record high against the Dollar. China is laughing at our expense.
.....by Congress by the Justice Department &amp; FBI friends of the Democrats who hated the president when he was nothing but a candidate. At some point somebody should have said wait a minute this is out of control this train is off the tracks it’s time to get reasonable.”
Just spoke to @JustinTrudeau to pay my highest respect and condolences to the families of the terrible Humboldt Team tragedy. May God be with them all!
I have not heard any of the pundits or commentators discussing the fact that I spent FAR LESS MONEY on the win than Hillary on the loss!
Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
Best Jobs Numbers in the history of our great Country! Many other things likewise. So why wouldn’t we win the Midterms? Dems can never do even nearly as well! Think of what will happen to your now beautiful 401-k’s!
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT THE CLINTON CAMPAIGN’S ANTI-CATHOLIC BIGOTRY: 
.@TrumpNationalNY- a great place!  @TrumpGolf
Realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge--everything starts with you.
Both being optimistic and remembering the big picture have served me well throughout my life. You need to stay positive.
My @gretawire interview re: the dismal job report getting ripped off by South Korea 2016 election &amp;  #WWEHOF 
Oil is double the price now compared to last year--OPEC is laughing at @BarackObama.
Where’s the Whistleblower? Just read the Transcript everything else is made up garbage by Shifty Schiff and the Never Trumpers!
.@Mitt Romney strongly stated in one of the debates with Pres. OBAMA that Russia is the big problem. Obama scoffed. Mitt was 100% correct!
If @RepMarkMeadows @Jim_Jordan and Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts &amp; reform.
Models! Remember to register for the Trump Model Search. Check out the info here:  @CadillacChamp
Thank you! #AmericaFirst 
I am in Florida and looking forward to my meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. Working on Trade and Military Security.
So nice everyone wants Ivanka Trump to be the new United Nations Ambassador. She would be incredible but I can already hear the chants of Nepotism! We have great people that want the job.
Congratulations to Michael Jordan on his marriage over the weekend.
Chinese spies stole our F-35 Joint Strike Fighter design  We should offset the cost from our Chinese debt
.@MarieLeff #asktrump 
....“$17 million spent it’s a scam Investigation. Americans are being worked. We now know there was Russian collusion with Russians and the Democrats. The Mueller team is stacked with anti-Trumpers who actually represented Clinton people (&amp; gave $’s to Crooked H).” Dan Bongino
This isn’t about a Campaign this is about Corruption on a massive scale! 
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art. -- Andy Warhol
April is Autism Awareness Month join me in raising awareness - get your “Light It Up Blue” sign here! #LIUB 
Thank you Michigan! #VoteTrumpMITrump 35%Kasich 17%Cruz 12%Rubio 12%Carson 9% Via: ARG
Bob Mueller after spending two years and 45 million dollars went over all of my financials &amp; my taxes and found nothing. Now the Witch Hunt continues with local New York Democrat prosecutors going over every financial deal I have ever done. This has never happened to a.....
With our national debt passing $16T during the @DNC convention @BarackObama has amassed more debt than the first 42 presidents. Scary.
Thank you! Vote in 2016! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Watch the clip from @Late_Show where the crowd cheers after I explain that my offer is about transparency 
I believe in free markets but allowing a merger of US Air &amp; American Airlines is totally ridiculous! Will control most of US market.
Thanks @RandPaul  “I am very proud of the President. This is exactly what he promised and I think the people agree with him. We’ve been at war too long and in too many places...spent several trillion dollars on these wars everywhere. He’s different...that’s why he got elected.”
Entrepreneurs:  Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
You mean they are just now finding votes in Florida and Georgia – but the Election was on Tuesday? Let’s blame the Russians and demand an immediate apology from President Putin!
The White House should stop publicly pressuring Israel on Iran. Iran's nuclear program is the threat not Israel's right to self-defense.
Our online campaign store is open! Visit  for #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise including my signature hat!
Congrats @Jean_GeorgesNYC for being named the 6th best hotel restaurant in the world! 
Thank you Nevada! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
In January '12 3 turbines were wrecked in rough weather ... 
The Wall is different than the 25 Billion Dollars in Border Security. The complete Wall will be built with the Shutdown money plus funds already in hand. The reporting has been inaccurate on the point. The problem is without the Wall much of the rest of Dollars are wasted!
Kobe Bryant despite being one of the truly great basketball players of all time was just getting started in life. He loved his family so much and had such strong passion for the future. The loss of his beautiful daughter Gianna makes this moment even more devastating....
....Robert Mueller’s testimony and the Mueller Report itself was a disaster for this illegal Democrat inspired Witch Hunt. It is an embarrassment to the USA that they don’t know how to stop. They can’t help themselves they are totally lost they are Clowns!
Watching final hole of @TheMasters. @TigerWoods is looking GREAT!
General Motors which was once the Giant of Detroit is now one of the smallest auto manufacturers there. They moved major plants to China BEFORE I CAME INTO OFFICE. This was done despite the saving help given them by the USA. Now they should start moving back to America again?
I will be interviewed on @FacetheNation Sunday 10AM on CBS. @johndickerson is a true pro!
Great @Cabinet meeting at the @WhiteHouse this morning!  
When I bought the #MissUniverse pageant 13 years ago it was on life support...
Great Strategic &amp; Policy CEO Forum today with my Cabinet Secretaries and top CEO's from around the United States.… 
Great to be back in Japan for the #

Lowest rated Oscars in HISTORY. Problem is we don’t have Stars anymore - except your President (just kidding of course)!
Putin re Snowden issue “it is like shearing a pig: there’s lots of squealing and little fleece.”
Thank you America! #Trump2016 
Thank you Roanoke Virginia- be back soon! # 
Today it was my great honor to proclaim January 15 2018 as Martin Luther King Jr. Federal Holiday. I encourage all Americans to observe this day with appropriate civic community and service activities in honor of Dr. King's life and legacy. 
At the request of Democrats I have delayed the Illegal Immigration Removal Process (Deportation) for two weeks to see if the Democrats and Republicans can get together and work out a solution to the Asylum and Loophole problems at the Southern Border. If not Deportations start!
I agree with Marco Rubio that Ted Cruz is a liar!
Beautiful weather all over our great country a perfect day for all Women to March. Get out there now to celebrate the historic milestones and unprecedented economic success and wealth creation that has taken place over the last 12 months. Lowest female unemployment in 18 years!
The United States just spent Two Trillion Dollars on Military Equipment. We are the biggest and by far the BEST in the World! If Iran attacks an American Base or any American we will be sending some of that brand new beautiful equipment their way...and without hesitation!
Thank you to our great US Ambassador to Germany @RichardGrenell for stepping in to serve as acting DNI. I will be nominating a terrific candidate for the job very soon. Stay tuned!
Will be calling the President of Egypt in a short while to discuss the tragic terrorist attack with so much loss of life. We have to get TOUGHER AND SMARTER than ever before and we will. Need the WALL need the BAN! God bless the people of Egypt.
Join me in Phoenix Arizona tomorrow at 4pm! #Trump2016 # 
An interesting cartoon that is circulating. 
.@IsraeliPM @netanyahu is a resolute leader.  When he sets a red line it stands!
When it comes to Iran's nuclear weapons program here's my advice: Distrust dismantle and verify. - @IsraeliPM @netanyahu
After defeating 100% of the ISIS Caliphate I largely moved our troops out of Syria. Let Syria and Assad protect the Kurds and fight Turkey for their own land. I said to my Generals why should we be fighting for Syria....
The @BarackObama administration is pressuring contractors to fix job loss estimates from environmental regulations 
A great honor to spend time with our brave HEROES at the @USMC Air Station Yuma. THANK YOU for your service to the United Staes of America! 
Crooked Hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office. People will not allow another four years of incompetence!
The Mar-a-Lago club in Palm Beach is one of the most successful places on earth in raising money for charity--a great feeling!
Lolo Jones our beautiful Olympic athlete wants to remain a virgin until she gets married--she is great. @Followlolo
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character. --Albert Einstein
Our $16T national debt is now bigger than our $15T GDP. If Obama is re-elected watch for an economic meltdown in 2013.
Thanks @JudgeJeanine! 
Playing golf with Prime Minister Abe and Hideki Matsuyama two wonderful people! 
Take a look at what happened w/ Bill Clinton. The system is totally rigged. Does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence?
Control your own destiny or someone else will.-- @jack_welch
By the way when the helicopter couldn’t fly to the first cemetery in France because of almost zero visibility I suggested driving. Secret Service said NO too far from airport &amp; big Paris shutdown. Speech next day at American Cemetary in pouring rain! Little reported-Fake News!
Happy New Year to all including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don't know what to do. Love!
Too bad. We will miss you Kamala! 
REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE!
Sabato got it all wrong last time never came close to understanding the Trump Voter. Actually it’s simple MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then KEEP AMERICA GREAT! 
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar You should thank me for having created the platform on which you became known--The Apprentice. Say Thank you Donald
Beginning today the United States of America gets back control of its borders. Full speech from today @DHSgov:… 
How can Crooked Hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for NAFTA the worst economic deal in U.S. history?
Steve Jobs is spinning in his grave - Apple has lost both vision and momentum - must move fast to get magic back!
Via @AP: “Donald Ivanka Trump say DC’s Old Post Office Pavilion will be 1 of country’s finest hotels” 
The GOP primary schedule is a disaster. Not enough time.
House votes today on Choice/MISSION Act. Who will stand with our Great Vets caregivers and Veterans Service Organizations? Must get Choice passed by Memorial Day!
I was never planning a vote prior to the 2020 Election on the wonderful HealthCare package that some very talented people are now developing for me &amp; the Republican Party. It will be on full display during the Election as a much better &amp; less expensive alternative to ObamaCare...
The Democrats are getting nothing done in Congress. All of their effort is about a Re-Do of the Mueller Report which didn’t turn out the way they wanted. It is not possible for them to investigate and legislate at the same time. Their heart is not into Infrastructure lower.....
Daniel Cameron who just won the A.G. race in the Great Commonwealth of Kentucky is a young and very talented political star. You will be hearing much from Cameron in the yesrs to come!
Because the “Ratings” of my News Conferences etc. are so high “Bachelor finale Monday Night Football type numbers” according to the @nytimes the Lamestream Media is going CRAZY. “Trump is reaching too many people we must stop him.” said one lunatic. See you at 5:00 P.M.!
.@NBCNews purposely left out this part of my nuclear qoute: "until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes."  Dishonest!
The Ebola doctor who just flew to N.Y. from West Africa and went on the subway bowling and dining is a very SELFISH man-should have known!
Obama has now become the weakest POTUS against China yuan just hit record high against dollar   Very sad!
#TBT Trump and Gekko- 
An idealist is a person who helps other people to be prosperous. --Henry Ford
Formerly of the New York Times @frankrichny was a poor theatre critic who was forced out. Sadly he is an even (cont) 
#trumpvlog @BarackObama is very inconsiderate... 
What I would do on my first day in office. #MakeAmericaGreatAgainWatch:  
Dopey @GeorgeWill the most overrated political pundit in the business continues to downgrade the Republican (cont) 
The ever dwindling @WSJ which is worth about 1/10 of what it was purchased for is always hitting me politically. Who cares!
Well we all did it together! I hope the "MOVEMENT" fans will go to D.C. on Jan 20th for the swearing in. Let's set the all time record!
....almost 3 years but it is time for us to get out of these ridiculous Endless Wars many of them tribal and bring our soldiers home. WE WILL FIGHT WHERE IT IS TO OUR BENEFIT AND ONLY FIGHT TO WIN. Turkey Europe Syria Iran Iraq Russia and the Kurds will now have to.....
Over 90% approval rating for your all time favorite (I hope) President within the Republican Party and 52% overall. This despite all of the made up stories by the Fake News Media trying endlessly to make me look as bad and evil as possible. Look at the real villains please!
National Black Republican Association Endorses Donald J. Trump #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
No taxes the only good thing about DC Debt Deal.
Trust your instincts. They are there for a reason. Without instincts you'll have a hard time getting to--and staying at--the top.

.@megynkelly  Will be on Fox now. Watch and enjoy!
#ICYMI: @foxandfriends this morning. 
Happy 226th Birthday to the United States Coast Guard. Thank you @USCG! #CoastGuardDay 
Government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. Every time it does it slows growth and kills jobs. It's (cont)  21:30:15,86,14,false,167359611005976577Twitter Web Client,#trumpvlog My thoughts on @RickSantorum in today's video blog...  21:11:07,26,16,false,167354797610115072TwitLonger Beta,Getting China to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take (cont) 
Another misinformation campaign is being launched by Democrats in Congress saying that Russia prefers me to any of the Do Nothing Democrat candidates who still have been unable to after two weeks count their votes in Iowa. Hoax number 7!
China has agreed to buy massive amounts of ADDITIONAL Farm/Agricultural Products - would be one of the best things to happen to our farmers in many years!
.@BarackObama blocked Keystone. Now China is preparing a massive $1.5B oil deal with Canada.    A terrible deal for US!
The Senate Intelligence Committee: THERE IS NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA!
Celebrating New Year's Eve in the Windy City? Join @TrumpChicago for the chic &amp; elegant Cirque Soiree Celebration 
The good news is that their ratings are terrible nobody cares! 
The reason Ed Schultz said nice things about me is that I’m the only Repub who won't cut Social Security etc. I’ll make America rich again!
Great news out of New Hampshire! DonaldTrump is pulling away from the pack w/ 2nd is 17% behind him! #Trump2016 
Mexico will pay for the wall!
Democrat Rep. Tlaib is being slammed for her horrible and highly insensitive statement on the Holocaust. She obviously has tremendous hatred of Israel and the Jewish people. Can you imagine what would happen if I ever said what she said and says?
Congrats to @JoeTorre @TonyLaRussa &amp; Bobby Cox on all being unanimously elected to @MLB’s @BaseballHall! Great leaders &amp; managers.
Thank you Las Vegas Nevada - I love you! #MAGA🇺🇸 
Incredibly proud of my son @EricTrump &amp; his efforts on behalf of @StJude in Memphis TN.  
As expected the media is very much against me. Their dishonesty is amazing but just like our big wins in the primaries we will win!
Met with President Putin of Russia who was at #APEC meetings. Good discussions on Syria. Hope for his help to solve along with China the dangerous North Korea crisis. Progress being made.
Meeting Former Speaker Newt Gingrich next week. On the Agenda---defeating @BarackObama.
I have a gift for my loyal viewers of All-Star @ApprenticeNBC Mrs. @MELANIATRUMP debut on this week’s episode 
My shirts ties &amp; suits (and fragrance Success) are doing great -- go over &amp; check out Macy’s now—beautiful new selection!
Obama must now FOCUS get his mind off "March.Madness" and LEAD! Watch Russia closely work hard on the economy and get rid of ObamaCare!
“@TrumpFerryPoint was something we’ve been working on for years and Donald Trump got it to the finish line.” - @rubendiazjr
Trump International Golf Club Turnberry Scotland has been home to four of the greatest Open Championships in history 
Last week’s boardroom was truly epic ---and the dust hasn’t settled yet. #CelebApprentice
As an addition Apple must go to a larger screen now--asap! They're losing their standing in the market!
Looking forward to my Iowa visit at @bobvanderplaats’ @theFAMiLYLEADER Summit   Big crowd!
Here we go with the Oscars!
Thank you Rudy! 
Gee @meetthepress with @chucktodd was getting terrible ratings then with me  he set records - I saved his job but Chuck still not nice!
The Paris Agreement isn’t working out so well for Paris. Protests and riots all over France. People do not want to pay large sums of money much to third world countries (that are questionably run) in order to maybe protect the environment. Chanting “We Want Trump!” Love France.
Many of the people in DACA no longer very young are far from “angels.” Some are very tough hardened criminals. President Obama said he had no legal right to sign order but would anyway. If Supreme Court remedies with overturn a deal will be made with Dems for them to stay!
Via @MailOnline: “But did his hair survive? @MissUniverse &amp; @MissUSA dump water over Donald Trump” 
Promises Kept for our GREAT Veterans! 
...It cannot overcome the dedication of our doctors nurses and scientists — and it cannot beat the LOVE PATRIOTISM and DETERMINATION of our citizens. Strong and United WE WILL PREVAIL!
Ted Nugent was obviously using a figure of speech unfortunate as it was. It just shows the anger people have towards @BarackObama.
Why didn’t John Bolton complain about this “nonsense” a long time ago when he was very publicly terminated. He said not that it matters NOTHING!
Wow the two highest apartment rentals in all of 2013 were at Trump Park Avenue—each one = $100000 per month 
My beautiful daughter Ivanka just had a healthy baby boy. Jared and Ivanka are very proud!
Via @Newsmax_Media by @OwenTew: “Trump: 'Maybe Something Miraculous Happens' and Obama Will Succeed” 
So @ReutersPolitics claims that @MittRomney's birth certificate evokes 'controversy'  Where (cont) 
We had all the leverage in our nuclear negotiations with Iran and our leaders foolishly decided to let them out of the trap. WHY?
Increasing America’s debt weakens us domestically and internationally. - US Senator @BarackObama 2007
Almost 70% in new Poll say don’t impeach. So ridiculous to even be talking about this subject when all of the crimes were committed by the other side. They can’t win the election fairly!
Border agent: "We might as well abolish our immigration laws altogether"
Via @Entrepreneur by @MDMSEO : “8 Lessons for Entrepreneurs That @ApprenticeNBC Emphasizes” 
I am extremely pleased to see that @CNN has finally been exposed as #FakeNews and garbage journalism. It's about time!
“Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games.” – Babe Ruth
Leading also in New Hampshire and most states. The Fake News hates to report this but you will see on November 3rd. 
For the 1st time in American history America’s 16500 border patrol agents have issue a presidential primary endorsement—me! Thank you.
Government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. Every time it does it slows growth and kills jobs. It's (cont)  14:43:21,111,9,false,170518703195176961Twitter Web Client,Weakness is very dangerous: @BarackObama is going to unilaterally disarm our nuclear arsenal. America keeps the world safe!,02-16-2012 21:29:01,134,15,false,170258403271254016Twitter Web Client,Bush was called unpatriotic" by @BarackObama in '07 for adding $4T to debt    @BarackObama increased it $6T in 3 years.
It's easy to see why Americans are sick of career politicians and both parties.
Entrepreneurs – be tough resolute &amp; trustworthy. The most crucial time to build your reputation is when you start making deals.
The real Collusion the Conspiracy the Crime was between the Clinton Campaign the DNC Fusion GPS Christopher Steele.....(and many others including Comey McCabe Lisa Page and her lover Ohr and his wonderful wife and on and on!). @replouiegohmert
Obama is under a great of pressure to perform well in the next debate. Let's see how he reacts under pressure.
When a country (USA) is losing many billions of dollars on trade with virtually every country it does business with trade wars are good and easy to win. Example when we are down $100 billion with a certain country and they get cute don’t trade anymore-we win big. It’s easy!
Investigating Corruption is correct! 
“This is about proving that Donald Trump was framed by the Democrats.” @RudyGiuliani 
In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally
This is what happens to someone who loyally gets appointed Attorney General of the United States &amp; then doesn’t have the wisdom or courage to stare down &amp; end the phony Russia Witch Hunt. Recuses himself on FIRST DAY in office and the Mueller Scam begins! 
We don't need a Secretary of Business to understand business we need a president who understands business and I do -- @MittRomney
Jeff Sessions said he wouldn’t allow politics to influence him only because he doesn’t understand what is happening underneath his command position. Highly conflicted Bob Mueller and his gang of 17 Angry Dems are having a field day as real corruption goes untouched. No Collusion!
If Illegal Immigrants are unhappy with the conditions in the quickly built or refitted detentions centers just tell them not to come. All problems solved!
Washington is wasting over $2 billion this year on Solyndra type loans. Yet they want to cut military spending.
“To be a visionary and to be a billionaire you have to chase impossibilities. Few ever get rich easily.” – Think Like a Billionaire
FLASHBACK: Donald Trump Answers Boy's Prayer for New Bike  via @FoxNewsInsider
A great day in New Hampshire and Maine. Fantastic crowds and energy! #MAGA
Glad to see that @RondaRousey lost her championship fight last night. Was soundly beaten - not a nice person!
Fact – every successful GOP Senate candidate just elected ran on repealing ObamaCare. In January it’s time to move!
China will never go to war with us because if they won they would only take over property they already own!
“Nasdaq Hits 9000 for First Time Ever” 
The mark of a great player is in his ability to come back. The great champions have all come back from defeat. -- Sam Snead
The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. They have nothing going but to obstruct. Now have an Obama A.G.
Watch Obama push major global warming legislation early in his second term...
THANK YOU IOWA &amp; NEBRASKA! VOTE VOTE VOTE!  
Hillary will never reform Wall Street. She is owned by Wall Street!
Disgraceful! 
Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions. I am the only one who knows who the finalists are!
First Titantic sunk on its maiden voyage.Next the Hindenburg explodes on its first flight to America.Now we suffer the ObamaCare rollout!
My team of deplorables will be managing my Twitter account for this evenings debate. Tune in!#DebateNight #TrumpPence16
Straighten out The Republican Party of Virginia before it is too late. Stupid!  RNC
I will be commenting LIVE on Sunday night (9 to 11) on TWITTER - Celebrity Apprentice will be great this season - amazing cast!
Make sure to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at  9 on NBC. A GREAT SHOW JUST LIKE THE MASTERS.   9
Yesterday on the same day- I had meetings with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and the FM of Ukraine Pavlo… 
Those five hotels includeTrump International Hotel & Tower New York Trump Soho New York Trump International Hotel & Tower Chicago...
“The Trump Administration Trump policies have put our economy on a trajectory it has never been on before.” Griff Jenkins @foxandfriends
I am going to expand the definition of LOBBYIST - so we close all the LOOPHOLES! #DrainTheSwamp 
Dow hit a new intraday all-time high! I wonder whether or not the Fake News Media will so report?
Maybe if Obama knew too much about the spying it would be worse than knowing nothing - but either way it is just another disaster!
I applaud and congratulate the U.S. Senate for confirming our GREAT NOMINEE Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court. Later today I will sign his Commission of Appointment and he will be officially sworn in. Very exciting!

Sorry for such silence—spent weekend at closing of Ritz Carlton in Jupiter Florida—just bought it will be great!
Liz Cheney: Statements by agents investigating Trump 'could well be treason' 
'Donald Trump is already helping the working class' 
Five people killed in Washington State by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Many people died this weekend in Ohio from drug overdoses. N.C. riots!
Network news has become so partisan distorted and fake that licenses must be challenged and if appropriate revoked. Not fair to public!
.@CelebApprentice wins 10-11 o’clock hour in all key ratings demographics including most importantly the 18-49 age group.
Just watched Sunday Morning Futures with @MariaBartiromo on @FoxNews. This show is MANDATORY watching if you want to understand the massive governmental corruption and the Russian Hoax. It will be rebroadcast this evening at 6:00 P.M. on @FoxBusiness. A must see!
Americans understand that the US has a spending problem not a revenue problem. #TimeToGetTough  
A Democratic lawmaker just introduced a bill to Repeal the GOP Tax Cuts (no chance). This is too good to be true for Republicans...Remember the Nancy Pelosi Dems are also weak on Crime the Border and want to be gentle and kind to MS-13 gang members...not good!
Dummies left Iraq without the oil--not believable!
Congratulations to the Houston @Astros 2017 #WorldSeries Champions⚾️#HoustonStrong #EarnHistory 
The New York Times/Bill Carter/Sept.26 2011: "On MSNBC meanwhile Lawrence O'Donnell has lost 100000 viewers (cont) 
While I very much appreciate P.M. Abe going to Iran to meet with Ayatollah Ali Khamenei I personally feel that it is too soon to even think about making a deal. They are not ready and neither are we!
Via @theFAMiLYLEADER:  “Donald Trump to Speak at The Family Leadership Summit”  Get tix 
Thank you to Great Republican @SenJohnKennedy for the job he did in representing both the Republican Party and myself against Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd on Meet the Depressed!
Had dinner with @RickPerry last night---great guy straight shooter impressive record.
Great meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan who has just left Florida. Talked in depth about North Korea Military and Trade. Good things will happen!
I will be making a major announcement today at 12:30 pm PST at Trump International Hotel & Tower Las Vegas (cont) 
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile hoping it will eat him last.  -- Winston Churchill
NEW FBI TEXTS ARE BOMBSHELLS!
Certain people are ruining their reputations tonight-really sad! #Oscars
Poll numbers have gone through the roof in favor of No Impeachment especially with Swing States and Independents in Swing States. People have figured out that the Democrats have no case it is a total Hoax. Even Pelosi admitted yesterday that she began this scam 2 1/2 years ago!
.@NeneLeakes seeks my advice on prenups tonight at 9 PM on Bravo
I am thrilled to be back in the Great State of Wisconsin with the extraordinary men &amp; women of Derco Aerospace! We are here today to celebrate the triumphant return of American Manufacturing and everything we are doing to keep the assembly lines rolling...
Re-build the United.States not places that hate our country and everything we stand for!
Today I signed an Executive Order on Improving Accountability and Whistleblower Protection at the @DeptVetAffairs:… 
The Democrats will do anything to avoid a trial in the Senate in order to protect Sleepy Joe Biden and expose the millions and millions of dollars that “Where’s” Hunter &amp; possibly Joe were paid by companies and countries for doing NOTHING. Joe wants no part of this mess!
The pathetic and dishonest Weekly Standard run by failed prognosticator Bill Kristol (who like many others never had a clue) is flat broke and out of business. Too bad. May it rest in peace!
Governor Rick Perry said "Donald Trump is one of the most talented people running for the Presidency I've ever seen." Thank you Rick!
Deepest condolences to the families &amp; fellow officers of the VA State Police who died today. You're all among the best this nation produces.
Next time Marco Rubio should drink his water from a glass as opposed to a bottle—would have much less negative impact.
I gave a woman named Barbara Res a top N.Y. construction job when that was unheard of and now she is nasty. So much for a nice thank you!
I will be interviewed by @BretBaier @SpecialReport at 6pm ET tonight @FoxNews
“Intelligence Community disappointed Mueller didn’t investigate the Steele Dossier.” @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews ...And plenty of other things!
“What will be disclosed is that there was no basis for these FISA Warrants that the important information was kept from the court there’s going to be a disproportionate influence of the (Fake) Dossier. Basically you have a counter terrorism tool used to spy on a presidential...
The Philadelphia shooter should never have been allowed to be on the streets. He had a long and very dangerous criminal record. Looked like he was having a good time after his capture and after wounding so many police. Long sentence - must get much tougher on street crime!
As families prepare for summer vacations in our National Parks - Democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government. Terrible!
Wow the Supreme Court passed @ObamaCare. I guess @JusticeRoberts wanted to be a part of Georgetown society more than anyone knew.
Thoughts and prayers are with everyone in West Virginia- dealing with the devastating floods. #ImWithYou
“You have to look at the 17 instances of misconduct cited in the Report they are very bad. The FISA Court was clearly taken for a ride on this a failure of the FBI up and fown the chain of command. It’s about as strong a medicine as I’ve seen in a report of this kind...
WATCH – WH official says that ObamaCare/RomneyCare architect Gruber was ‘an important figure’ in crafting the law 
Problems are never truly hardships to winners &amp; if you haven’t got any then you must not have a business to run.
Market up big today on very good economic news. JOBS JOBS JOBS!
No Collusion and No Obstruction except by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats. All of the resignations and corruption yet heavily conflicted Bob Mueller refuses to even look in that direction. What about the Brennan Comey McCabe Strzok lies to Congress or Crooked’s Emails!
The Yankees really have to be embarrassed losing all four games to the Mets - my great friend George Steinbrenner would be going nuts!
Don’t be easily pleased with yourself or with anything else. Be tough &amp; fight to keep your standards high. -Think Like a Champion
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.--Ralph Waldo Emerson
Via @AP on @washingtonpost: "Trumps look at building 18-hole golf course on former Kluge estate in rural Virginia" 
“This is not Congressional Oversight this is bullying.” Jason Riley The Wall Street Journal
Honor of a lifetime to meet His Holiness Pope Francis. I leave the Vatican more determined than ever to pursue PEAC… 
I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD including those registered to vote in two states those who are illegal and....
Mexico's biggest drug lord escapes from jail. Unbelievable corruption and USA is paying the price.  I told you so!
Why aren't people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened that is before she found out the episode was on tape?
The Fake News put out a typically false statement without any knowledge that the United States was trying to set up a negotiation with Iran. This is a false report....
.@BradPaisley came up to see me. A really nice and talented guy. 
As I predicted Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve have allowed the Dollar to get so strong especially relative to ALL other currencies that our manufacturers are being negatively affected. Fed Rate too high. They are their own worst enemies they don’t have a clue. Pathetic!
Oh no really big political news perhaps the biggest story in years! Part time Mayor of New York City  @BilldeBlasio who was polling at a solid ZERO but had tremendous room for growth has shocking dropped out of the Presidential race. NYC is devastated he’s coming home!
THANK YOU LAS VEGAS NEVADA!#NevadaCaucus # 
Thank you @IngrahamAngle for your strength &amp; wonderful words last night on @FoxNews but @KarlRove is easy to beat!
'Trump lays out policies for first 100 days in White House'
...Additionally the remaining 300 BILLION DOLLARS of goods and products from China that was being taxed from September 1st at 10% will now be taxed at 15%. Thank you for your attention to this matter!
I want to win for the people of this great country. The only people I will owe are the voters. #Trump2016 Video: 
Israel Saudi Arabia and the Middle East were great. Trying hard for PEACE. Doing well. Heading to Vatican &amp; Pope then #G7 and #NATO.
Even if you're on the right track you'll get run over if you just sit there. --Will Rogers
Republicans believe our Country should be a Sanctuary for law-abiding Americans – not criminal aliens. And Republicans will ALWAYS stand with the HEROES of @ICEgov @CBP and Law Enforcement! 
The Dems are getting another beauty to join their group. Bill de Blasio of NYC considered the worst mayor in the U.S. will supposedly be making an announcement for president today. He is a JOKE but if you like high taxes &amp; crime he’s your man. NYC HATES HIM!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. So much to talk about!
I will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 6:15 A.M. Enjoy!
While Madeleine Westerhout has a fully enforceable confidentiality agreement she is a very good person and I don’t think there would ever be reason to use it. She called me yesterday to apologize had a bad night. I fully understood and forgave her! I love Tiffany doing great!
Why should we have any defense cuts in any deal? America must remain strong.
On behalf of the entire family we would truly be honored to have your vote! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #EarlyVote 
....proliferation cyber attacks trade Ukraine Middle East peace North Korea and more. There are many answers some easy and some hard to these problems...but they can ALL be solved!
Today's open call drew thousands of  eager applicants. It was an impressive group  I enjoyed meeting them. We've got some great candidates!
If Elizabeth Warren often referred to by me as Pocahontas did this commercial from Bighorn or Wounded Knee instead of her kitchen with her husband dressed in full Indian garb it would have been a smash! 
14 days for $28 MILLION - $2 MILLION a day No Collusion. A great day for America!
If Saudi Arabia which has been making one billion dollars a day from oil wants our help and protection they must pay dearly! NO FREEBIES.
In '09 Obama released the ISIS chief. The terrorist gloated “I’ll see you in New York”  Historic nat'l sec. error
Good point! 
Will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @FoxBizAlert  at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
Why does @megynkelly devote so much time on her shows to me almost always negative?  Without me her ratings would tank. Get a life Megyn!
The incompetent Mayor of London Sadiq Khan was bothered that I played a very fast round of golf yesterday. Many Pols exercise for hours or travel for weeks. Me I run through one of my courses (very inexpensive). President Obama would fly to Hawaii. Kahn should focus on....
With all of the success that our Country is having including the just released jobs numbers which are off the charts the Fake News &amp; totally dishonest Media concerning me and my presidency has never been worse. Many have become crazed lunatics who have given up on the TRUTH!...
If the ban were announced with a one week notice the "bad" would rush into our country during that week. A lot of bad "dudes" out there!

TRUMP’S BIG ANNOUNCEMENT: HE’LL GIVE $5 MILLION TO CHARITY OF OBAMA’S CHOICE IF...  By @billyhallowell @theblaze
Let's see whether or not Chuck Townsend @CondeNastCorp is smart enough to fire Graydon Carter who only cares about his bad food restaurants
.@DavidGregory got thrown off of TV by NBC fired like a dog! Now he is on @CNN being nasty to me. Not nice!
“Jewish people are leaving the Democratic Party. We saw a lot of anti Israel policies start under the Obama Administration and it got worsts &amp; worse. There is anti-Semitism in the Democratic Party. They don’t care about Israel or the Jewish people.” Elizabeth Pipko Jexodus.
Just spoke to my friend MBS (Crown Prince) of Saudi Arabia who spoke with President Putin of Russia &amp; I expect &amp; hope that they will be cutting back approximately 10 Million Barrels and maybe substantially more which if it happens will be GREAT for the oil &amp; gas industry!
Letterman @Late_Show had Brian Williams @NBCNightlyNews as guest last night I was on last Thursday
Everyone's favorite frontman Twisted Sister  lead singer @deesnider returns to this year’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC. Dee does great!
The Trump base is far bigger &amp;  stronger than ever before (despite some phony Fake News polling). Look at rallies in Penn Iowa Ohio.......
They made up a phony collusion with the Russians story found zero proof so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story. Nice
A really great moment! 
DAMAC &amp; #Trump Organization are developing a 2nd Trump #golf course Trump World Golf Club #Dubai at AKOYA Oxygen! 
How is the Paris Accord doing? Don’t ask!  @parisac 
#MemorialDay🇺🇸 
Great going.
I cannot believe the level of dishonesty in the media. It is totally out of control but we are winning!
.@AP has one of the worst reporters in the business -- @JeffHorwitz wouldn’t know the truth if it hit him in the face.
Hillary Clinton is using race-baiting to try to get African-American voters- but they know she is all talk and NO ACTION!
.@seanhannity who will be interviewed on @marklevinshow tonight at 8:00 P.M. @foxnews stated about the Impeachment Hoax “This is outrages lying corruption and propaganda. Should never be allowed to happen.”
“Michael Cohen asks judge for no Prison Time.” You mean he can do all of the TERRIBLE unrelated to Trump things having to do with fraud big loans Taxis etc. and not serve a long prison term? He makes up stories to get a GREAT &amp; ALREADY reduced deal for himself and get.....
Our Country was built on Tariffs and Tariffs are now leading us to great new Trade Deals - as opposed to the horrible and unfair Trade Deals that I inherited as your President. Other Countries should not be allowed to come in and steal the wealth of our great U.S.A. No longer!
Whoever wins today remember that tomorrow we still have a country struggling. Our work is not done until America is strong again.
What people don't know about @BillMaher is that he was a terrible student and not considered smart in his early (cont) 
HAPPY NEW YEAR &amp; THANK YOU!  
A true honor. @PressSec considers asking for @BarackObama's college transcripts a "Donald Trump question."   Release it!
Fake News is at an all time high. Where is their apology to me for all of the incorrect stories???
“The Democrats have now conceded that President Trump has not committed a crime.” @AriFleischer
The failing NY Times Fake News story today about breast feeding must be called out. The U.S. strongly supports breast feeding but we don’t believe women should be denied access to formula. Many women need this option because of malnutrition and poverty.
#TrumpVine A message for my hotel guest @MileyCyrus- 
Watching these politicians trying to get a deal done is truly painful --- Republicans are in a much stronger position than they think.
The Tax Cut/Reform Bill including Massive Alaska Drilling and the Repeal of the highly unpopular Individual Mandate brought it all together as to what an incredible year we had. Don’t let the Fake News convince you otherwise...and our insider Polls are strong!
19000 RESPECTING our National Anthem! #StandForOurAnthem🇺🇸 
Negotiation tip: Think about what the other side wants. Know where they're coming from. Try to create a win/win situation.
I beat Hillary in the new @FoxNews Poll head to head.  SHE HAS NO STRENGTH OR STAMINA both of which are needed to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Congress must demand the transcript of Michael Cohen’s new book given to publishers a short time ago. Your heads will spin when you see the lies misrepresentations and contradictions  against his Thursday testimony. Like a different person! He is totally discredited!
My @FoxNews interview on @TeamCavuto discussing why debt commission should be  discussed in debates &amp; @RNC convention  
Looking forward to tonight's conversation w/ David Rubenstein @TheEconomicClub. Airing live on @cspan at 7PM EST 
My  new book #TimeToGetTough -- out Dec 5th -- outlines how to make America rich again. Order now through Amazon  
A different take! 
.@LindseyGrahamSC  “Every President deserves an Attorney General they have confidence in. I believe every President has a right to their Cabinet these are not lifetime appointments. You serve at the pleasure of the President.”
Can you envision Jeb Bush or Hillary Clinton negotiating with 'El Chapo' the Mexican drug lord who escaped from prison? ....
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. - 20 minutes. ENJOY!
I have been a guest on The View many times when it was  successful show. Now the show is dying for lack of ratings. Too bad!
I will be interviewed by @ericbolling tonight at 8pm on the @oreillyfactor. Enjoy!
Come on MLB do the right thing! Let @PeteRose_14 into the Hall.  No drugs—just hard work and talent!
Numerous polls have me beating Hillary Clinton. In a race with her voter turnout will be the highest in U.S. history-I get most new voters!
At the request of many I will be reviewing the case of a “U.S. Military hero” Major Matt Golsteyn who is charged with murder. He could face the death penalty from our own government after he admitted to killing a Terrorist bomb maker while overseas. @PeteHegseth @FoxNews
I'll be on @gretawire tonight at 10 PM Fox News
JFK Files are released long ahead of schedule!
Big show tonight on @seanhannity! 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews
I will be on Meet the Press with Chuck Todd on NBC this morning. Enjoy! 
Prior to the end of the year I will be traveling to Israel. I am very much looking forward to it.
Thank you Clive Iowa!
“@BarackObama may have been a good ‘community organizer’ but the man is a lousy international dealmaker.” #TimeToGetTough
32º in New York - it's freezing! Where the hell is global warming when you need it?
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #
....energy independence manufacturing resilience illegal immigration coming down the Wall going up China confronted the caliphate defeated NAFTA renegotiated our military rebuilt NATO paying more regulations costing less.......and much more. This is why they’re....
I AM DRAINING THE SWAMP! 
With interest rates for the United States being at ZERO this is the time to do our decades long awaited Infrastructure Bill. It should be VERY BIG &amp; BOLD Two Trillion Dollars and be focused solely on jobs and rebuilding the once great infrastructure of our Country! Phase 4
Where is the main stream media reporting on Univision's new expose of Fast and Furious? Too busy looking at Mitt's taxes?
Numerous states introducing Bible Literacy classes giving students the option of studying the Bible. Starting to make a turn back? Great!
“I believe anybody who is not afraid to fail is a winner.” - @JoeTorre
Breaking News: The Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals just reversed a lower court decision &amp; gave us the go ahead to build one of the largest sections of the desperately needed Southern Border Wall Four Billion Dollars. Entire Wall is under construction or getting ready to start!
Rep. Lou Barletta a Great Republican from Pennsylvania who was one of my very earliest supporters will make a FANTASTIC Senator. He is strong &amp; smart loves Pennsylvania &amp; loves our Country! Voted for Tax Cuts unlike Bob Casey who listened to Tax Hikers Pelosi and Schumer!
My FoxBusiness interview with Don Imus discussing #TimeToGetTough the GOP primary and the Newsmax-@iontv debate 
Will be interviewed by @chucktodd on @meetthepress at 10:30 A.M.
Welcome to the new reality-- be careful. Retirement ages will be pushed to 80 due to the incompetence of our leaders. 
Another terrorist attack in London...These animals are crazy and must be dealt with through toughness and strength!
Home Sales hit BEST numbers in 10 years! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
“Winning is the most important thing in my life after breathing. Breathing first winning next.” -     George Steinbrenner
Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? That's because they used knives and a truck!
The townhall question segment of my @WMUR9 Commitment 2016 Conversation @JoshMcElveen  Great questions/people #FITN
House Democrats want a SHUTDOWN for the holidays in order to distract from the very popular just passed Tax Cuts. House Republicans don’t let this happen. Pass the C.R. TODAY and keep our Government OPEN!
If @TedCruz doesn’t clean up his act stop cheating &amp; doing negative ads I have standing to sue him for not being a natural born citizen.
The best social program by far is a JOB! Our jobs are being taken away from us by China and many other countries - incompetent leader.
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar  I never go silent. I was buying a major property in Florida--a property worth more than you are!
Have a great weekend everyone and for those of you that are young entrepreneurs have fun but never stop thinking of the task ahead- victory
Via @BreitbartNews: “DONALD TRUMP: ‘RICH PEOPLE DON’T LIKE ME’–POOR MIDDLE-INCOME PEOPLE ‘LIKE ME BEST’” 
The U.S. cannot negotiate with terrorists. It is a sad and terrible situation for the family involved but this can only lead to disaster.
It was my great honor to join proud hardworking American Patriots in Montana tonight. I love you - thank you! #MAGA 
“No matter your ideologies or your loyalties this is a good day for America. No American conspired to cooperate with Russia in its efforts to interfere with the 2016 election according to Robert Mueller and that is good.”  @BretBaier  @FoxNews
Via @qctimes by @EdTibbetts: “Trump: U.S. getting beat up” 
Just got back from Colorado. The love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Big crowds!
.@FoxNews  “Trump wins major victories in China and USMCA trade deals defense spending and Space Force.” Thank you!
Nancy Pelosi who has already lost the House &amp; Speakership once &amp; is about to lose it again is doing everything she can to delay the zero Republican vote Articles of Inpeachment. She is trying to take over the Senate &amp; Cryin’ Chuck is trying to take over the trial. No way!....
We pay a disproportionate share of the cost of N.A.T.O. Why? It is time to renegotiate and the time is now!
More Fake News. This was photoshopped obviously but the wind was strong and the hair looks good? Anything to demean! 
Can you imagine Cryin’ Chuck Schumer saying out loud for all to hear that I am bluffing with respect to putting Tariffs on Mexico. What a Creep. He would rather have our Country fail with drugs &amp; Immigration than give Republicans a win. But he gave Mexico bad advice no bluff!
Sadly I’m probably helping @billmaher’s lowly rated show—but charity will benefit by $5 million so it’s worth it.
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain 
Thank you Greta. 
Senate hearing on the Impeachment Hoax starts today at 1:00 P.M.
Lots of people are asking whether or not I should have run for President—stay tuned for the answer.
“Comey and McCabe (and more) are Dirty Cops.” Joe DiGenova
.@FoxNews is working hard pushing the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats. They want to be unlike their competitors @CNN &amp; MSDNC (Comcast) Fair &amp; Balanced. When will they ever learn. The Radical Left never even gave @FoxNews permission to partake in their low rated debates!
Beautiful evening with Religious Leaders here at the WH last night. Join us now for a #NationalDayofPrayer LIVE:… 
It was really strange when Hillary was missing from the podium last night. Not very presidential!
THANK YOU Fayetteville North Carolina! Make sure you get out and VOTE TOMORROW for Dan Bishop in #NC09 and Greg Murphy in #NC03!! 
The Fake News Media has been talking about recent approval ratings of me by countries around the world including the European Union as being very low....
My transition team which is working long hours and doing a fantastic job will be seeing many great candidates today. #MAGA
Sorry @Rosie is a mentally sick woman a bully a dummy and above all a loser. Other than that she is just wonderful!
The CIA report should not be released. Puts our agents &amp; military overseas in danger. A propaganda tool for our enemies.
After a great rally in Panama City Beach Florida - I am returning to Washington D.C. with @SenRickScott and Senator @MarcoRubio discussing the terrible abuses by Maduro. America stands with the GREAT PEOPLE of Venezuela for however long it takes! 
An honor to welcome the Taoiseach of Ireland @EndaKennyTD to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence. 🇺🇸🇮🇪 
Today Barack Obama is standing in water in NJ. Remember on election day that he has put the US underwater.
Just like Jonathan Gruber viciously lied &amp; called Americans “stupid” on ObamaCare many consultants are doing the same on Global Warming.
Thank you to our great American businesses for going above and beyond to keep our most vulnerable citizens safe! 
Report just out: “China hacked Hillary Clinton’s private Email Server.” Are they sure it wasn’t Russia (just kidding!)? What are the odds that the FBI and DOJ are right on top of this? Actually a very big story. Much classified information!
Experience is the teacher of all things. -  Julius Caesar
The dying NY Daily News put out a false report about my kids not wanting me to criticize Obama...totally false!
Dummy Graydon Carter doesn't like me too much...great news. He is a real loser! @VanityFair
Is @karlrove incompetent? 400 million dollars down the drain and not 1 victory!
Mitt Romney is a mixed up man who doesn't have a clue. No wonder he lost!
He is destroying our country:@BarackObama has requested to raise our debt limit to over $16.4Trillion by the end (cont) 

Backstage with @jimmyfallon before opening skit- great fun! @fallontonight 
Massive crowds expected in Mississippi tomorrow night. Look forward to it! 2015 IN PHOTOS:  
....which it was not (but even if it was it is only a CIVIL CASE like Obama’s - but it was done correctly by a lawyer and there would not even be a fine. Lawyer’s liability if he made a mistake not me). Cohen just trying to get his sentence reduced. WITCH HUNT!
.....But should be much higher than that if Twitter wasn’t playing their political games. No wonder Congress wants to get involved - and they should. Must be more and fairer companies to get out the WORD!
Alex Rodriguez should substantially reduce his salary from the Yankees in that he misrepresented his use of (cont) 
No money wasted like bad ads—the Republicans spent more &amp; got nothing for it.
Great job! 
Looking forward to speaking @acnnews International Convention tomorrow morning in Charlotte NC 
I wonder what the next scandal will be in D.C.? Can we handle yet another?
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! #MAGA #KAG2020
“The Democrats are so immersed in this (SCAM). They couldn’t care less about the American people!” @RushLimbaughEIB
Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do --everybody does. ObamaCare is dead! But our healthcare will soon be great.
.@AllenWest  Great seeing you last night at record setting Mar-a-Lago Republican event. The crowd loved you!
The failing @UnionLeader newspaper in N.H. just sent The Trump Organization a letter asking that we take ads. How stupid how desperate!
It's not enough that we do our best; sometimes we have to do what's required. -- Winston Churchill
Wishing former President Jimmy Carter a speedy recovery from his hip surgery earlier today. He was in such good spirits when we spoke last month - he will be fine!
I asked @VP Pence to leave stadium if any players kneeled disrespecting our country. I am proud of him and @SecondLady Karen.
Now every time Islamic militants attack they will use that movie as an excuse    What was the excuse before the movie?
Zimmerman is no angel but the lack of evidence and the concept of self-defense especially in Florida law gave the jury little other choice
We are using the absolute wrong negotiating technique with respect to the Iran nuclear talks. Strengthen sanctions until GREAT deal is made!
If you want your children to inherit the blessings that generations of Americans have fought and died to secure—then we must devote everything we have toward victory in 2020. Only this way can we save the America we love – and drain the Washington Swamp once and for all! 
For too many years our inner cities have been left behind. I am going to deliver jobs safety and protection for those in need.
Capital isn't scarce; vision is. --Sam Walton
Drugs are pouring into this country. If we have no border we have no country. That’s why ICE endorsed me. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Everyone in the path of #Gordon please heed the advice of State and local officials and follow @NHC_Atlantic for updates. The Federal Government stands ready to assist. Be safe! 
Eric Trump on @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews now!
I'll be on Piers Morgan Tonight this evening 9 pm on CNN. Be sure to tune in. @PiersTonight
The Democratic National Committee would not allow the FBI to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by Russia......
Think. That’s the first step. Use all your power to utilize and develop that capability --Donald J. Trump 
Isn’t it ironic that large Caravans of people are marching to our border wanting U.S.A. asylum because they are fearful of being in their country - yet they are proudly waving....
“Yesterday changed everything it really did clear the President. He wins.” @ainsleyearhardt  “It changed everything in favor of the President who said all along this investigation is rooted in nothing. Mueller was exposed as being best friends with Comey. Today you say.....
Thank you for a great afternoon Birmingham Alabama! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Just spoke with @NYGovCuomo and @NYCMayor de Blasio to let them know that the federal government...

Today I announced a new Executive Order with re: to North Korea. We must all do our part to ensure the complete denuclearization of #NoKo. 
'Economists say Trump delivered hope' 
Thank you Naples Florida! Get out and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8. Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Full Naples rally… 
Major Wall Street Journal opinion piece today talking about the Russian Witch Hunt and the disgrace that it is. So many people hurt so bad for our country - a total sham!
People who have the ability to work should. But with the government happy to send checks too many of them don't. #TimeToGetTough
Dopey Arianna @huffingtonpost is really after me--boring story after boring story...but I hear she is in big trouble!
... I will soon start naming magazines that I think will fold--I predicted Newsweek.
Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement. He is strong on Border &amp; Wall the military tax cuts &amp; law enforcement.
I will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 PM on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Border Security and the Wall “thing” and Shutdown is not where Nancy Pelosi wanted to start her tenure as Speaker! Let’s make a deal?
No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. Highly overrated!
Another Fake Book by two third rate Washington Post reporters has already proven to be inaccurately reported to their great embarrassment all for the purpose of demeaning and belittling a President who is getting great things done for our Country at a record clip. Thank you!
Am I morally obligated to defend the president every time somebody says something bad or controversial about him? I don't think so!
Practice positive thinking—this will keep you focused while weeding out anything that is unnecessary negative or detrimental...
California finally deserves a great Governor one who understands borders crime and lowering taxes. John Cox is the man - he’ll be the best Governor you’ve ever had. I fully endorse John Cox for Governor and look forward to working with him to Make California Great Again!
- Wishing a Happy Father's Day to all the Dad's out there - YOU are a champion today and everyday! 
Karzai of Afghanistan is not sticking with our signed agreement. They are dropping us like dopes. Get out now and re-build U.S.!
Where have the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats gone when they have spent the last 3 days defending the life of Qassem Soleimani one of the worst terrorists in history and the father of the roadside bomb? He was also looking to do big future damage! Dems are “unhinged.”
“Partnerships also require negotiation. It should be a win-win setup. Otherwise it’s not a partnership.” – ‘Midas Touch'
Mitt Romney called to congratulate me on the win. Very nice!
Sorry losers and haters but I LOVED the great energy in Madison Square Garden during my speech. The WWE thought it was incredible - it was!
If ObamaCare is such a wonderful law then why does Obama summarily  change the law before an election?
I wonder if I run for PRESIDENT will the haters and losers vote for me knowing that I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN? I say they will!
To the Great people of Alaska. You have been hit hard by a “big one.” Please follow the directions of the highly trained professionals who are there to help you. Your Federal Government will spare no expense. God Bless you ALL!
FAIR TRADE!
The Do Nothing Democrats have become the Party of lies and deception! The Republicans are the Party of the American Dream!

“Success in golf depends less on strength of body than upon strength of mind and character.” - Arnold Palmer
Russia beat the United States in the Olympics-another Obama embarrassment! Isn't it time that we turn things around and start kicking ass?
The #CNBC 25 poll is a joke. I was in 9th place and taken off. (Politics?) No wonder @CNBC ratings are going down the tubes.
Depression- be careful of China! 
.@Morning_Joe is so off on Iowa which I am leading big in new @CNN poll. I will win Iowa. Also I beat Hillary easily!
.@alexsalmond @pressjournal RT @JohnDuthie1 just sitting here looking out over Aberdeen bay. These clowns cannot be allowed...
So funny the Democrats have sued the Republicans for Winning. Now he R’s counter and force them to turn over a treasure trove of material including Servers and Emails!
A lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in Florida? Hope this is false.
What is your thought as to why Obama refused millions for charity and did not show his records and applications?
It was my honor to sign a Presidential Memorandum facilitating the cancellation of student loan debt for 25K of our most severely disabled Veterans. With today’s order we express the everlasting love &amp; loyalty of a truly grateful Nation. God bless our Vets &amp; God Bless America! 
With the debt limit approaching @GOP has even more leverage. If they stay united and on message they can win.
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow at 7am. Enjoy!
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Funny how all of the Pundits that couldn’t come close to making a deal on North Korea are now all over the place telling me how to make a deal!
Joe Biden just said “We believe in facts not truth.” Does anybody really believe he is mentally fit to be president? We are “playing” in a very big and complicated world. Joe doesn’t have a clue!
Beautiful rally in Albuquerque New Mexico this evening - thank you. Get out &amp; VOTE! #DrainTheSwampWatch rally:… 
“It isn’t often I get angry at the dirty politics of the Democrats in Congress but this time I am enraged and hope this impeachment charade will backfire on Reps. Pelosi &amp; Schiff &amp; the Democrats. I have read thoroughly the telephone conversation between Trump &amp; the President...
At least 12 dead and 50 wounded in Colorado--bring back fast trials &amp; death penalty for mass murderers &amp; terrorists.
Lance Armstrong was given veryvery bad advice!
Wow just revealed that Michael Cohen wrote a “love letter to Trump” manuscript for a new book that he was pushing. Written and submitted long after Charlottesville and Helsinki his phony reasons for going rogue. Book is exact opposite of his fake testimony which now is a lie!

Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat. ― F. Scott Fitzgerald
We are going to WIN sooner rather than later!
“This would be the first Impeachment in American history without a specific criminal statute or crime that the president whose impeached would have allegedly committed.” Paul Gigot The Wall Street Journal
Via @thestate by @AP: “Donald Trump: Giving ‘serious thought’ to presidential run” 

Via @Newsmax_Media: "Trump at CPAC: What Really Happened " 
Remember the most hated part of ObamaCare is the Individual Mandate which is being terminated under our just signed Tax Cut Bill.
...agreed to testify it was not necessary for me to respond to statements made in the “Report” about me some of which are total bullshit &amp; only given to make the other person look good (or me to look bad). This was an Illegally Started Hoax that never should have happened a...
Jeb Bush will never secure our border or negotiate great trade deals for American workers. Jeb doesn't see &amp; can't solve the problems.
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 a.m.  Always a great time.
Looking forward to speaking at @Citizens_United &amp; @SteveKingIA’s “Iowa’s Freedom Summit” on January 24th 
We deserve all the answers on Benghazi!  @RepWOLFPress
Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top DWS. Too bad Bernie flamed out
A clip of my @LibertyU speech talking about the importance of the election &amp; our country's potential  via@washingtonpost
Imagination is more important than knowledge. --Albert Einstein
Tom Brady has done a great job tonight-amazing New England comeback. Good game- not over yet!
Great interview by Jared. Nice to have extraordinarily smart people serving our Country! 
Going to CPAC!
Great meeting with @Cabinet at the @WhiteHouse today! #MAGA 
Thank you to Sean Parnell for the nice comments on @foxandfriends about the troops wonderful reaction to Melania and I in Iraq and Germany. Great things are happening!
RED WAVE!
While @JoeBIden is a gaffe machine yesterday's comments that @MittRomney will "put y'all back in chains" was not at all proper.
Any senator who votes against starting debate is telling America that you are fine w/ the #OCareNightmare! Remarks:  
Does anyone else have two golf pros—John Nieporte &amp; Jim Herman—who qualified for the U.S. Open?  Could this be an all-time record?
#StopTheCoup
It is disgraceful what the Do Nothing Democrats are doing (the Impeachment Scam) but it is also disgraceful what they are NOT doing namely the USMCA vote Prescription Drug Price Reduction Gun Safety Infrastructure and much more!
When the Democrats in Congress refinish for the 5th time their Fake work on their very disappointing Mueller Report finding they will have the time to get the REAL work of the people done. Move quickly!
Thank you Northern Mariana Islands!#SuperTuesday #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
New South Carolina poll from PPP. Thank you! #VoteTrumpSC 
Join me in Fayetteville North Carolina tomorrow evening at 6pm. Tickets now available at: 
Ed Gillespie who ran for Governor of the Great State of Virginia against Ralph Northam must now be thinking Malpractice and Dereliction of Duty with regard to his Opposition Research Staff. If they find that terrible picture before the election he wins by 20 points!
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats—both with delegates &amp; otherwise. He should show them and run as an Independent!
Women for Kavanaugh and many others who support this very good man are gathering all over Capital Hill in preparation for a 3-5 P.M. VOTE. It is a beautiful thing to see - and they are not paid professional protesters who are handed expensive signs. Big day for America!
I am happy to hear how badly the @nytimes is doing. It is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down. Becoming irrelevant!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just watched the very incompetent Mitt Romney Campaign Strategist Stuart Stevens. Now I know why Mitt lost so badly. Stevens is a clown!
The Navy will NOT be taking away Warfighter and Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher’s Trident Pin. This case was handled very badly from the beginning. Get back to business!
Get it straight: Pakistan is not our friend. When our tremendous Navy SEALS took out Osama bin Laden they did… (cont) 
Today it was my great honor to be with the brave men and women of the United States Coast Guard! 
It's Wednesday. I wonder how much money @BarackObama borrowed from China today?
Comey lost the confidence of almost everyone in Washington Republican and Democrat alike. When things calm down they will be thanking me!
“It’s sad. Here’s a gentleman who came to the White House and all they had was never to let him have an easy breath. All they wanted to do is impeach him. They started the day after he was elected even the day after he was sworn in.  But this President came to Washington and....
THANK YOU MINNESOTA! #KAG2020 
We protect the countries of the Middle East they would not be safe for very long without us and yet they continue to push for higher and higher oil prices! We will remember. The OPEC monopoly must get prices down now!
Hillary says "take back Mosul?" We would have NEVER lost Mosul- if it wasn't for #CrookedHillary. #DrainTheSwamp 
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the horrible attack in France yesterday and we grieve the nation’s loss. We also condemn the violent actions of the attacker and anyone who would provide him support. We are with you @EmmanuelMacron!
My friend Mike @GovDunleavy of the Great State of Alaska is being treated very unfairly by the Democrats because he is doing an unbelievable job and fulfilling every one of his promises. Now they are trying to Recall him because his agenda is the Economy Jobs and protecting...
.@HeyTammyBruce- Thank you for your nice words on Fox today. They never use my full statements on nuclear which you would agree with!
Good luck @MittRomney tonight--have no doubt you will be great.
....Harry Reid was right in 1993 before he and the Democrats went insane and started with the Open Borders (which brings massive Crime) “stuff.” Don’t forget the nasty term Anchor Babies. I will keep our Country safe. This case will be settled by the United States Supreme Court!
I am in South Korea now. President Moon and I have “toasted” our new Trade Deal a far better one for us than that which it replaced. Today I will visit with and speak to our Troops - and also go the the DMZ (long planned). My meeting with President Moon went very well!
Romney's failed advisors like campaign mgr Stuart Stevens are all over TV telling people how to win. But they lost- don't know how to win!
That's right we need a TRAVEL BAN for certain DANGEROUS countries not some politically correct term that won't help us protect our people!
Michael Goodwin New York Post: “Trump’s peace through strength philosophy is what America needs. His (John Kerry) claim bears no relation to reality. The Agreement didn’t create opportunities for America &amp; other signatories to confront Iran’s malign activities. It overlooked....
The #CNNDebate was amazing --- so much fun! 
For eight years Russia "ran over" President Obama got stronger and stronger picked-off Crimea and added missiles. Weak! @foxandfriends
My @Gretawire interview where I discuss why @BarackObama is an economic ignoramus and how OPEC is inflating gas prices. 
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. --Benjamin Disraeli
The Democrats OBSTRUCTION of the desperately needed Wall where they almost all recently agreed it should be built is exceeded only by their OBSTRUCTION of 350 great people wanting &amp; expecting to come into Government after being delayed for more than two years a U.S. record!
I am following the Trayvon Martin case carefully. It's a terrible situation that should never have happened. (cont) 
Why is the GOP establishment so threatened by the Newsmax - @iontv debate? More debate is always better.
My thoughts on the Emmys in today's #trumpvlog.... 
Honored to meet this years @SenateYouth delegates w/ @VP Pence in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse. Congratulations… 
So Great! 
Set the bar high do the best you possibly can and believe in yourself—because if you don’t no one else will either.
Ebola patient Duncan lied on his exit papers by saying he never came into contact with a person with Ebola. He knew he did and person died.
Via @foxnewslatino: “Donald Trump Plans Huge Towers In Rio For Post-Olympic Building Boom” 
As most people know and for those who would like to know I am strongly Pro-Life with the three exceptions - Rape Incest and protecting the Life of the mother - the same position taken by Ronald Reagan. We have come very far in the last two years with 105 wonderful new.....
....it means lying or making up stories. Sorry I don’t see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media!
Little @MacMiller you illegally used my name for your song “Donald Trump” which now has over 75 million hits.
So many self-righteous hypocrites. Watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down!
It was an honor to stop by a #SchoolChoice event hosted by @VP Pence and @usedgov Secretary @BetsyDeVosED at the… 
.@ESPN’s apology(Brent Musburger) was a disgrace to broadcasting--- stop being so politically correct!
This morning Chris Wallace has the best political show on television - but that's only because I'm on it (kidding)! Have fun.

The Intelligence people seem to be extremely passive and naive when it comes to the dangers of Iran. They are wrong! When I became President Iran was making trouble all over the Middle East and beyond. Since ending the terrible Iran Nuclear Deal they are MUCH different but....
So far the hurricane is being handled very well in NY not nearly as bad as stated on news. Let's see what happens later.
The @ForbesInspector &amp; @AAAnews 5 star restaurant @TrumpNewYork’s @Jean_GeorgesNYC is NYC's top destination  
Wow @SharylAttkisson  just wrote the definitive piece on what I said about John McCain 
Hillary Clinton lied last week when she said ISIS made a D.T. video. The video that ISIS made was about her husband being a degenerate.
I often said during rallies with little variation that “Mexico will pay for the Wall.” We have just signed a great new Trade Deal with Mexico. It is Billions of Dollars a year better than the very bad NAFTA deal which it replaces. The difference pays for Wall many times over!
We will see what happens! 
Senior United States District Judge Robert E. Payne today ruled in favor of Trump campaign delegates who had argued..
Never a fan of @justinamash a total lightweight who opposes me and some of our great Republican ideas and policies just for the sake of getting his name out there through controversy. If he actually read the biased Mueller Report “composed” by 18 Angry Dems who hated Trump....
Hillary Clinton’s Emails many of which are Classified Information got hacked by China. Next move better be by the FBI &amp; DOJ or after all of their other missteps (Comey McCabe Strzok Page Ohr FISA Dirty Dossier etc.) their credibility will be forever gone!
Via David Ebner re Stanley Cup &amp; Trump poster: “If you’re going to be thinking anything you might as well think big” 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #GOPdebate 
I highly recommend the just out book - THE FIELD OF FIGHT - by General Michael Flynn. How to defeat radical Islam.
Tonight’s Fox News Town Hall with @MarthaMacCallum and @BretBaier will rebroadcast at 11:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
What good is NATO if Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for gas and energy? Why are there only 5 out of 29 countries that have met their commitment? The U.S. is paying for Europe’s protection then loses billions on Trade. Must pay 2% of GDP IMMEDIATELY not by 2025.
It is very sad to see what @BarackObama has done with NASA. He has gutted the program and made us dependent on the Russians.
Thank you to @PeteHegseth and @KatiePavlich for your nice and very wise statements on the Economy. You both really get it! @foxandfriends
Excited to speak at tomorrow night's @ocrp Lincoln Day dinner in Michigan  “All time sales record over 2000.”  
Everybody wants to keep their Security Clearance it’s worth great prestige and big dollars even board seats and that is why certain people are coming forward to protect Brennan. It certainly isn’t because of the good job he did! He is a political “hack.”
Thank you Sara. Keep writing great talent! 
Thank you New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN 
...in order to put any and all conspiracy theories to rest.
....Our teams will be talking further and we agreed to speak again in the next 48 hours!
It's still exciting after all these years - and this cast is special!
Andy McCarthy will be on  @LouDobbs tonight. 7:00 P.M.  @FoxBusiness.
I have no doubt that Mitt will do really well tonight. We'll all be watching @MittRomney.
“There are 31 House Democrats in Trump won Congressional Districts. Those Dems will have to answer to their constituents come 2020. If you look at the facts there’s no crime there’s no witness there’s no evidence there’s no victim President Zelensky said there was.......
The U.S. will soon control 100% of ISIS territory in Syria. @CNN (do you believe this?).
I only wish my wonderful daughter Tiffany could have been with us at Mar-a-Lago for our great election victory. She is a winner!
Trump Tower is located at 725 Fifth Avenue between 56th and 57th Streets...
The @MittRomney healthcare plan post ObamaCare relies on consumer choices with more options  The perfect remedy!
Is it legal for @BarackObama to make campaign donor calls from Air Force One?  Obama is always fundraising on our dime.
This will never be approved by me or any other Republican! 
TIME #DebateNight poll - over 800000 votes. Thank you! #AmericaFirst #MAGA 
I visited our Trump Tower campaign headquarters last night after returning from Ohio and Arizona and it was packed with great pros - WIN!
It must have been President Obama that called in what will go down as the DUMBEST PLAY IN THE HISTORY OF FOOTBALL. Same thought process!
Don't let the GLOBAL WARMING wiseguys get away with changing the name to CLIMATE CHANGE because the FACTS do not let GW tag to work anymore!
In Tampa Florida- thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
With eleven Republican candidates running in Georgia (on Tuesday) for Congress a runoff will be a win. Vote "R" for lower taxes &amp; safety!
We did it! Thank you to all of my great supporters we just officially won the election (despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media).
....going to be there for three months and that was seven years ago - we never left. When I became President ISIS was going wild. Now ISIS is largely defeated and other local countries including Turkey should be able to easily take care of whatever remains. We’re coming home!
Wow it's snowing in Isreal and on the pyramids in Egypt. Are we still wasting billions on the global warming con? MAKE U.S. COMPETITIVE!
Turn on @oreillyfactor now  and enjoy true brilliance!
The Federal Reserve must FINALLY lower the Fed Rate to something comparable to their competitor Central Banks. Jay Powell and group are putting us at a decided economic &amp; physiological disadvantage. Should never have been this way. Also STIMULATE!
Good article: "What Happened to American Men" from @Newsmax by Michael Cohen 
....Mainstream Media which has lost all credibility has either officially or unofficially become a part of the Radical Left Democrat Party. It is a sick partnership so pathetic to watch! They even covered a tiny staged crowd as they greeted Foul Mouthed Omar in Minnesota a...
Major Mexican cartel boss El Diego was just arrested with weapons provided to him through Fast and Furious    Media??
Honored to be attending Rev. @BillyGraham’s 95th birthday. His life &amp; work has brought hope &amp; faith to millions worldwide.
#TrumpAdvice 
Wow really nice and unexpected from Ed Schultz. Thank you Ed! @edshow  
The politicians of the U.K. should watch Katie Hopkins of Daily  on @FoxNews. Many people in the U.K. agree with me!
...way up. Regulations way down. 600000+ new jobs added. Unemployment down to 4.3%. Business and economic enthusiasm way up- record levels!
Just spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan concerning North Korea and Trade. Very good conversation!
I don’t know whether I will win or lose the @billmaher lawsuit but had an obligation to sue for charity.
Big day for healthcare. Working hard!
Democrats must apologize to USA: Ukrainian Foreign Minister Vadym Prystaiko said that “United States Ambassador Gordon Sondland did NOT link financial military assistance to a request for Ukraine to open up an investigation into former V.P. Joe Biden &amp; his son Hunter Biden.....
Today it was my true honor to present the Commander-in-Chief’s Trophy—for the second year in a row to the @ArmyWP_Football Black Knights. Congratulations once again on your historic victories and keep on making us proud! 
'Dem Operative Who Oversaw Trump Rally Agitators Visited White House 342 Times' #DrainTheSwamp 
We love the #CajunNavy - THANK YOU! #FlorenceHurricane2018 
Judge Brett Kavanaugh is a fine man with an impeccable reputation who is under assault by radical left wing politicians who don’t want to know the answers they just want to destroy and delay. Facts don’t matter. I go through this with them every single day in D.C.
Democracy cannot succeed unless those who express their choice are prepared to choose wisely...,11-26-2012 21:14:35,248,87,false,273172926897991681Twitter Web Client,Glad to see 9 more Iraq and Afghan war veterans joining the next Congress   They deserve to be there!,11-26-2012 20:24:56,97,46,false,273160431298813952Twitter Web Client,Think of yourself like a one-man army.  You're not only the commander in chief you're the soldier as well." – Think Like A Billionaire
Thanks. 
The Corrupt News Media is totally out of control - they have given up and don’t even care anymore. Mainstream Media has ZERO CREDIBILITY - TOTAL LOSERS!
Great to see Sec. Clinton leaving the hospital yesterday with @ChelseaClinton and Pres. Clinton.  Glad she is recuperating.
#Imwithyou 
Even Usain Bolt from Jamaica one of the greatest runners and athletes of all time showed RESPECT for our National Anthem! 🇺🇸🇯🇲 
See you soon Arizona! #Trump2016 
Just as I predicted @Rosie would fail on The View- 

“The Democrats dirty tricks have started this whole thing. The Whistleblower the guy who took his case to Schiff’s staff first is what really blows the lid off this entire saga. He worked for Biden on Ukraine policy when Biden was VP. He worked for deep state henchman John
All seven on-line polls including Drudge and Time with thousands of respondents said I won the debate. @krauthammer said I was "so so."
#Trump2016 #IACaucus Finder: 
The United States is asking Britain France Germany and other European allies to take back over 800 ISIS fighters that we captured in Syria and put them on trial. The Caliphate is ready to fall. The alternative is not a good one in that we will be forced to release them........
Great new poll numbers! Thank you for your support! #Trump2016 
The Apprentice was the #1 show on television last season on Sunday from 10 to 11 --- congratulations Donald!
.@MittRomney must ask for Obama's college records &amp; applications--why is he not doing this?
When will the Fake Media ask about the Dems dealings with Russia &amp; why the DNC wouldn't allow the FBI to check their server or investigate?
Trump right: Illegal families crossing border set to double 51152 so 
I encourage EVERYONE in the path of #HurricaneIrma to heed the advice and orders of local &amp; state officials! 
Obama is addicted to spending America into insolvency. His record proves it.
.@MacMiller's 'Donald Trump' song is at 64.5M views on YouTube   You're welcome Mac!
The Fake News LameStream Media is doing everything possible the “create” a U.S. recession even though the numbers &amp; facts are working totally in the opposite direction. They would be willing to hurt many people but that doesn’t matter to them. Our Economy is sooo strong sorry!
Thank you! #Trump2016 
I LOVE NEW YORK! #NewYorkValues 
“Boom: Record high business optimism need for employees at 45-year high” 
Glad to hear that @FLGovScott will be speaking at the @RNC Convention. He is a true conservative and fantastic governor!
THANK YOU- Clemson South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #SCPrimary 
The Trump Organization is honored to have been awarded the redevelopment of The Old Post Office. Will be DC's finest hotel.

With the coming forward today of the woman central to the failing @nytimes hit piece on me we have exposed the article as a fraud!
Hillary Clinton does not have the STRENGTH or STAMINA to be President. We need strong and super smart for our next leader - or trouble!
The Republican Party and me had a GREAT day yesterday with respect to the phony Impeachment Hoax &amp; yet when I got home to the White House &amp; checked out the news coverage on much of television you would have no idea they were reporting on the same event. FAKE &amp; CORRUPT NEWS!
Big poll just out by @TheEconomist has me in 1st. place by a lot. A great honor but we have a long way to go to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Great! Last night @CelebApprentice winner @johnrich &amp; alumni @RealMeatLoaf packed OH stadium rallying w/ @MittRomney 
Just revealed that the Failing and Desperate New York Times was feeding false stories about me &amp; those associated with me to the FBI. This shows the kind of unprecedented hatred I have been putting up with for years with this Crooked newspaper. Is what they have done legal?...
....for the privilege of being your President - and doing the best job that has been done in many decades. I am far beyond somebody paying for a hotel room for the evening or filling up a gas tank at an airport I do not own. These Radical Left Democrats are CRAZY! Obama Netflix?
On Trumps ICC Win Dems and Republicans See Eye to Eye | RealClearPolitics 
Reports by @CNN that I will be working on The Apprentice during my Presidency even part time are ridiculous &amp; untrue - FAKE NEWS!
People rarely say that many conservatives didn’t vote for Mitt Romney. If I can get them to vote for me we win in a landslide.
Remember Cruz and Bush gave us Roberts who upheld #ObamaCare twice! I am the only one who will #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!
.@AGSchneiderman has never once said that he didn’t ask for campaign contributions during the investigation.
The real war on women--over 175000 fewer held jobs in July &amp; 94000 dropped out of labor force   We must do better.
So why is someone a good or great President if they needed to Spy on someone else’s Campaign in order to win (that didn’t work out so well) and if they were unable to fill 142 important Federal Judgeships (a record by far) handing them all to me to chose. Will have 182 soon!
Congratulations to my friend @SenShelby our powerful Appropriations Chairman for his hard work on many strong bills that continue to rebuild our military invest in border security and many other priorities. Good work and keep fighting you are winning!
Wow! “Ukraine Whistleblower’s lead attorney donated to Biden.” @FreeBeacon
Via @amspec by Jeffrey Lord: "Is Eric Schneiderman a Crook?"  What a great writer &amp; researcher--amazing story. 
Watch my interview on @CBSNews Face The Nation now and also the new CBS POLLS which if good for me the media won't report!
While the Republicans and Democrats in Congress are working hard to come up with a solution to DACA they should be strongly considering a system of Merit Based Immigration so that we will have the people ready willing and able to help all of those companies moving into the USA!
I will be going to Indiana on Thursday to make a major announcement concerning Carrier A.C. staying in Indianapolis. Great deal for workers!
Are you expanding your business? Interview returning soldiers. Give them strong consideration. Their sacrifices deserve it.
Technology has shown we have tremendous energy resources right under our feet that we didn't know about 5 years ago.
ObamaCare is an attack on our country's identity. The latest victim is the Catholic church. It must be full repealed. @BarackObama
CONGRATULATIONS @EricTrump and @LaraLeaTrump on the birth of Carolina Dorothy Trump. So proud! 
FRACK NOW &amp; FRACK FAST!!! American prosperity depends on it. Our economic renaissance is here.
GREAT JOBS REPORT!
In order to preserve my options and guarantee that @BarackObama is defeated I changed my voter registration to independent.
Over 50 women were interviewed by the @nytimes yet they only wrote about 6. That’s because there were so many positive statements.
Take a look at this amazing photo of the cast from the first ever All Star @CelebApprentice 
For all of today's voters please remember that I am the only candidate that is self funding my campaign I am not bought and paid for!
Thoughts &amp; prayers are w/ our @USNavy sailors aboard the #USSJohnSMcCain where search &amp; rescue efforts are underway. 
I will be on@gretawire tonight at 10 P.M. Now I know she will get great ratings!
#TBT With @britneyspears 
Word is that Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd who has failed so badly with Meet the Press will be taking over for now irrelevant Brian Williams!
Thank you to @foxandfriends for the great timeline on all of the failures the Obama Administration had against Russia including Crimea Syria and so much more. We are now starting to win again!
Friends of mine who are driving Cadillacs--it is becoming a very hot car--are raving about what a great job @Cadillac has done.
People must remember that ObamaCare just doesn't work and it is not affordable - 116% increases (Arizona). Bill Clinton called it "CRAZY"
If history teaches us anything it's that strong nations require strong leaders with clearly defined national (cont)  18:33:53,78,15,false,154631652595871744Twitter Web Client,I have so much admiration and respect for the 2.4 million men and women of our Armed Forces." #TimeToGetTough
The people of Colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians. Biggest story in politics. This will not be allowed!
I have a proven track record supporting our Veterans. Veterans deserve universal access to care. VA scandal proves politicians are inept.
The Obama Economy--workers added to disability and individuals added to food stamps more than doubles net jobs created 
We have a perfectly coordinated and fine tuned plan at the White House for our attack on CoronaVirus. We moved VERY early to close borders to certain areas which was a Godsend. V.P. is doing a great job. The Fake News Media is doing everything possible to make us look bad. Sad!
I know Rand Paul and I think he may find a way to get there for the good of the Party!
Looking forward to giving keynote speech tonight @ChesterfieldGOP Lincoln-Reagan dinner in Virginia.
.@Franklin_Graham:  Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. You beautifully stated what most people are thinking! Say hi to all.
People are LOVING the Trump sign on the Chicago building. Big league tweets letters and calls…
“@Letterman to Donald Trump: ‘Fire @geraldorivera’” via @Mediaite by @TheMattWilstein
Via @AFP: "Trump tees off on new golf course in Scotland"  
Another four years--not good for the country but we'll have to live with it!
The Honolulu accommodations of @TrumpWaikiki are the perfect merger of beauty and function 
.@FoxNews should be ashamed for allowing experts to explain how to make a nuclear attack!
Thank you Iowa - Get out &amp; #VoteTrumpPence16!  
Remember that Carson Bush and Rubio are VERY weak on illegal immigration. They will do NOTHING to stop it. Our country will be overrun!
Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher will be on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:30 A.M. Have no fear all will end well for everyone!
There is no comparison between @ApprenticeNBC and Shark Tank in the ratings. The Apprentice beats Shark Tank hands... 
So Robert Mueller has now asked for his long time Never Trumper lawyer to sit beside him and help with answers. What’s this all about? His lawyer represented the “basement server guy” who got off free in the Crooked Hillary case. This should NOT be allowed. Rigged Witch Hunt!
Thank you Anthony @Scaramucci @WSJ "The Entrepreneur's Case for Trump"  
THANK YOU AMERICA! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Today’s Court decision means that Congress must close loopholes that block the removal of dangerous criminal aliens including aggravated felons. This is a public safety crisis that can only be fixed by....
Highly respected PUBLIC POLICY POLLING (PPP) just announced that I am number one in IOWA. Thank you!
Via @CNNPolitics:  "Trump will have 'memorable' role at GOP convention"   It's true just wait and see...
Wow @Politico is in total disarray with almost everybody quitting. Goodnews -- bad dishonest journalists! 
Congrats to @U_S_Steel for investing $1+ BILLION in America's most INNOVATIVE steel mill. 232 Tariffs make Pennsylvania and USA more prosperous/secure by bringing Steel and Aluminum industries BACK. Tariffs are working. Pittsburgh is again The Steel City. USA Economy is BOOMING! 
THANK YOU WORKING HARD! 
Just left Florida for D.C. The people and spirit in THAT GREAT STATE is unbelievable. Damage horrific but will be better than ever!
Looking forward to meeting with Prime Minister @Netanyahu shortly. Peace in the Middle East would be a truly great legacy for ALL people!
For those who missed my chat with @hannityshow on radio here it is on TV. Sean is terrific.
Via @NYDailyNews: "Joan Rivers' last work for @ApprenticeNBC will run on two shows next season says Donald Trump" 
I guess they don’t have freedom of the press in Scotland. We created this ad and the ASA would not allow us to (cont) 
....In the meantime the Democrats in Congress must help the Republicans (we need their votes) to end the horrible costly and foolish loopholes in our Immigration Laws. Once that happens all will be smooth. We can NEVER allow Open Borders!
Add the 2026 World Cup to our long list of accomplishments!
#TBT At the US Open Tennis Tournament with @EricTrump- see same hairstyle! 
I will be doing @colbertlateshow at 11:30 on CBS. Enjoy! 
“Gas prices drop across the United States because President Trump has deregulated Energy and we are now  producing a great deal more oil than ever before.” @foxandfriends  But this is bad news for Russia why would President Trump do such a thing? Thought he worked for Kremlin?
Congressman Ron DeSantis is a brilliant young leader Yale and then Harvard Law who would make a GREAT Governor of Florida. He loves our Country and is a true FIGHTER!
“One thing I’ve learned about the press is they’re always hungry for a good story the more sensational the better.” - Art of the Deal
A suggestion for the dishonest media- 
Remarks at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum's National Days of Remembrance. Full remarks:… 
Thank you America! #Trump2016 
I met Prince on numerous occasions. He was an amazing talent and wonderful guy. He will be greatly missed!
No surprise--Obama's Deputy Campaign Manager tweeted link from Chinese propaganda outlet  Did she also write it?
Everyone MUST watch the opening to @TuckerCarlson - A Classic! @foxnews
Re negotiation: Trust your instincts even after you've honed your skills. They're there for a reason.
Wow 15 policemen hurt in Baltimore some badly! Where is the National Guard. Police must get tough and fast! Thugs must be stopped.
Gov Kasich voted for NAFTA which devastated Ohio and is now pushing TPP hard- bad for American workers!
'16 Fake News Stories Reporters Have Run Since Trump Won' 
“Adam Schiff’s drive to impeach Trump based on opinions deception and illusions – Not facts” @GreggJarrett 
“Brazil will allow more American Ethanol to enter the country without Tariffs a decision that Brazilian mills are celebrating. The seemingly counter-intuitive reaction stems from the tone of ongoing negotiations between the South American nation and the U.S. for a...
What would you do if a large group of Muslims had a very public meeting drawing horrible and mocking cartoons of Jesus? Oh really be cool!
Where’s the Whistleblower?
How many illegal foreign donations will Obama collect this final week? Another scandal ignored by the liberal media. 
A very big part of the Anger we see today in our society is caused by the purposely false and inaccurate reporting of the Mainstream Media that I refer to as Fake News. It has gotten so bad and hateful that it is beyond description. Mainstream Media must clean up its act FAST!

Great bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Theresa May of the United Kingdom affirming the special relationship and our commitment to work together on key national security challenges and economic opportunities. #WEF18 
I feel bad for all @VanityFair employees. Every day at work they see circulation going down as Graydon runs his bad food restaurants.
“I also protect myself by being flexible.  I never get too attached to one deal or one approach.” – The Art of The Deal
John Kerry got caught essentially admitting that funds given ridiculously to Iran were used to fund attacks on the USA. Only a complete fool would have given that 150 Billion Dollars Plus to Iran. They then went on a Middle East Rampage! @foxandfriends @PeteHegseth
Cryin’ Chuck Schumer just said “The American people want a fair trial in the Senate.” True but why didn’t Nervous Nancy and Corrupt politician Adam “Shifty” Schiff give us a fair trial in the House. It was the most lopsided &amp; unfair basement hearing in the history of Congress!
Great news. We are only just beginning. Together we are going to #MAGA!  
I will be on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon tonight at 11:30. Should be fun! @jimmyfallon
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. Don't ever get down on yourself just keep fighting - in the end you WIN!
Congrats to @GovernorCorbett--he's right to be suing @NCAA over the ridiculous deal made by the trustees of Penn State 
Must read @ConservReview article by @JeffJlpa1: “Jeb Bush and the Outsiders” 
So after the Democrats gave me no Due Process in the House no lawyers no witnesses no nothing they now want to tell the Senate how to run their trial. Actually they have zero proof of anything they will never even show up. They want out. I want an immediate trial!
.@hardball_chris became a super liberal Obama fan only because he must need the money--and on @MSNBC that’s the way it is.
I am on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. ENJOY!
“TRUMP BATTLES THE NEW TOTALITARIANS: GOP elites join with leftists at Media Matters in targeting threat to both” 
Congressman Lee Zeldin is doing a fantastic job in D.C. Tough and smart he loves our Country and will always be there to do the right thing. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
ISIS is in retreat our economy is booming investments and jobs are pouring back into the country and so much more! Together there is nothing we can’t overcome--even a very biased media. We ARE Making America Great Again!
The ObamaCare disaster will increase the amount of uninsured  What is the point of this Trillion $ monstrosity?
Via @theobserver: "Donald Trump: Lake Norman golf course 'one of the hottest places around'" 
... but @billmaher is allowed to say that about me.
#trumpvlog NY Area- Two book signings- Tonight and Thursday.... 
Under President Trump unemployment rate will drop below 4%.  Analysts predict economic boom for 2018!  @foxandfriends and @Varneyco
We are now at 1001 delegates. We will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged!
The pressure on the debt ceiling is on @BarackObama....  #trumpvlog
I will make my final decision on the Paris Accord next week!
My prayers are with the victims and hostages in the horrible Paris attacks. May God be with you all.
“Donald Trump on Jeb Bush: ‘The last thing we need is another Bush’”   via @fox5newsdc by @EmilyMiller
The people that Ice will apprehend have already been ordered to be deported. This means that they have run from the law and run from the courts. These are people that are supposed to go back to their home country. They broke the law by coming into the country &amp; now by staying.
Thank you @TheTodaysGolfer for the wonderful statement that "the new par 3 9th hole @Trump Turnberry could be the most dramatic in Britain."

.@NYMag is a piece of garbage but I think it is very nice &amp; charitable that they employ the no-talent illiterate hack @jonathanchait.
A great evening in beautiful Minnesota! 
......on seeing whether or not a REAL deal with China is actually possible. If it is we will get it done. China is supposed to start buying Agricultural product and more immediately. President Xi and I want this deal to happen and it probably will. But if not remember......
The "lady" in Chicago that I'm fighting owes me $500 000 and is sophisticated  &amp; vicious. She made up a story &amp; plays the "age card" - bad!
Why aren’t they firing no talent Samantha Bee for the horrible language used on her low ratings show? A total double standard but that’s O.K. we are Winning and will be doing so for a long time to come!
Less than ten days until I keynote @bobvanderplaats’ @theFAMiLYLEADER Leadership Summit. Tix going fast.
....All will stay in Mexico. If for any reason it becomes necessary we will CLOSE our Southern Border. There is no way that the United States will after decades of abuse put up with this costly and dangerous situation anymore!
Why didn't A.G. Sessions replace Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe a Comey friend who was in charge of Clinton investigation but got....
....the FBI was in complete turmoil (see N.Y. Post) because of Comey’s poor leadership and the way he handled the Clinton mess (not to mention his usurpation of powers from the Justice Department). My firing of James Comey was a great day for America. He was a Crooked Cop......
#FlashbackFriday With Mickey Rooney @Regis and @itstonybennett 
It is a shame that the biased media is able to so incorrectly define a word for the public when they know that the definition is wrong. Sad!
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is pushing for the Moreland Commission to be disbanded immediately—because he is being looked at!
Filming of the record 13th season of @CelebApprentice has started. Be sure to be on the lookout for future updates.
Lebron James was just interviewed by the dumbest man on television Don Lemon. He made Lebron look smart which isn’t easy to do. I like Mike!
That is a real fan. Thank you! 
Separating families at the Border is the fault of bad legislation passed by the Democrats. Border Security laws should be changed but the Dems can’t get their act together! Started the Wall.
.@danielhalper  Great job on @CNN today. Very wise indeed!
Obama has no understanding of how to create jobs or opportunity. He believes in Government.
When people come into our Country illegally they will be DEPORTED!
Just arrived in West Virginia! 
Obama deserves much less credit for the killing of Bin Laden. The praise goes to our brave military and intelligence officers.
Getting ready to leave for Michigan - will be an amazing evening! See you there.
Had @SenScottBrown asked me to do a robo call for him I would have done it and he would have won.
Everyone is excited for @THEGaryBusey’s return to All-Star @CelebApprentice.  Be warned this time Gary is even more insane!

Today it was my great honor to present the Medal of Honor to Army Staff Sgt. David Bellavia (HERO) for his courageous actions as a squad leader in Fallujah. #MOH 
The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! E-mails say the rigged system is alive &amp; well!
....sufficient to keep the markets well-supplied. I have also informed all appropriate agencies to expedite approvals of the oil pipelines currently in the permitting process in Texas and various other States.
To Impeach a President who has proven through results including producing perhaps the strongest economy in our country’s history to have one of the most successful presidencies ever and most importantly who has done NOTHING wrong is sheer Political Madness! #2020Election
A truly great First Lady who doesn’t get the credit she deserves! 
Not the world only your tiny group of viewers--the world doesn't care about you. @lawrence You're too stupid to (cont) 
Heading to West Virginia now. Big Rally. Will be live on @FoxNews tonight. Long lines but will be great!
Me by a lot!
Let our great soldiers fight! 
Thank you Louisville Kentucky- on my way! #MAGA🇺🇸 
“Independent voters are fed up and frustrated with the Democrats.” Congressman Michael Waltz Florida
Must watch – owner of a single restaurant anticipates that ObamaCare will cost over $1M for compliance 
Thank you @JakeTapper for giving me credit for my vision on bombing the oil fields. Should have been done long ago. #Trump2016
Congratulations to @bernieandsid on their new @77wabcradio morning radio show in New York City. It was an honor to join you two – good luck! 
While the Fake News loves to talk about my so-called low approval rating @foxandfriends just showed that my rating on Dec. 28 2017 was approximately the same as President Obama on Dec. 28 2009 which was 47%...and this despite massive negative Trump coverage &amp; Russia hoax!
I know about the “rustic” look on golf courses—but see photo of highly rated Trump National Philadelphia—a real gem. 
If I only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like Hillary Clinton I would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did!
Oh no just reported that Ted Cruz didn't report another loan this one from Citi. Wow no wonder banks do so well in the U.S. Senate.
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits. -- Thomas Edison
I want to thank the people of Iowa for an unbelievable day. The crowds were amazing. Will be back Tuesday!
Not only did Senator Burr’s Committee find No Collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia it’s important because they interviewed 200 witnesses and 300000 pages of documents &amp; the Committee has direct access to intelligence information that’s Classified. @GreggJarrett
Crazy Bernie and the Democrats should see this. I I have done more 
#NewHoaxSameSwamp 
I NEVER said people that are feeling sick should go to work. This is just more Fake News and disinformation put out by the Democrats in particular MSDNC. Comcast covers the CoronaVirus situation horribly only looking to do harm to the incredible &amp; successful effort being made!
A great and important day at the United Nations.Met with leaders of many nations who agree with much (or all) of what I stated in my speech!
In the spirit of transparency Obama should immediately release the 9.11 tape of Tyrone Woods pleading for military support in Benghazi.
Bob Beckel a commentator for FOX is bad for the @FoxNews brand:  @BobBeckel is close to incompetent.
John Kasich despite being Governor of Ohio is losing to me in the Ohio polls. Pathetic!
“New York Governor Cuomo says President Trump has been “very helpful.” @foxandfriends  Thank you everybody is working very hard!
Let’s all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
I would invite Edward Snowden to be a judge at the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow but would be concerned that he would sell results early!
There is only one fix for ObamaCare - REPEAL &amp; REPLACE with a free market oriented alternative!
Sorry I will miss the CPAC gathering in Orlando--there in spirit--Obama must go.
Great night for Republicans! Congratulations to John Cox on a really big number in California. He can win. Even Fake News CNN said the Trump impact was really big much bigger than they ever thought possible. So much for the big Blue Wave it may be a big Red Wave. Working hard!
Resolve never to quit never to give up no matter what the situation. -- Jack Nicklaus
Looking forward to helping New York City and Governor @andrewcuomo complete the long anticipated and partially built Second Avenue Subway. Would be extended to East 125th Street in Harlem. Long in the making they now have the team that can get it done!

Big ratings getter @seanhannity and Apprentice Champion John Rich are right now going on stage in Las Vegas for #VegasStrong. Great Show!
Shahira Knight has done a wonderful job as my Legislative Affairs Director at the White House. She was outstanding for us and for our Country - will be a tremendous success in the private sector!
...Remember this. Throughout the ages some things NEVER get better and NEVER change. You have Walls and you have Wheels. It was ALWAYS that way and it will ALWAYS be that way! Please explain to the Democrats that there can NEVER be a replacement for a good old fashioned WALL!
Michele Bachmann got less than 1200 more votes in the Caucus than she did in the Ames Straw Poll. Very sad for her--a nice woman!
93% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 52% Approval Rating overall! Not bad considering I get the most unfair (BAD) press in the history of presidential politics! And don’t forget the Witch Hunt!
Via @NYDailyNews by Rich Schapiro: "Donald Trump slams Mitt Romney Jeb Bush" 
Brett McGurk who I do not know was appointed by President Obama in 2015. Was supposed to leave in February but he just resigned prior to leaving. Grandstander? The Fake News is making such a big deal about this nothing event!
After watching the disgraceful way that a wonderful man @BrettKavanaugh was treated by the Democrats and now seeing first hand how these same Radical Left Do Nothing Dems are treating the whole Impeachment Hoax I understand why so many Dems are voting Republican!
Approval Rating in Republican Party = 95% a Record! Overall Approval Rating = 51%. Think of where I’d be without the never ending 24 hour a day phony Witch Hunt that started 3 years ago!
I picked seven Super Bowl winners in a row &amp; would have been right last night had the refs thrown the flag.
I hope Arnold S. does well with the Apprentice because he is a nice guy and also because I get a big percentage of the profits!
.@GolfMagazine is great thanks!
Entrepreneurs: Whatever happens you're responsible. If it doesn't happen you're responsible.
All the governors are already backing off of the Ebola quarantines. Bad decision that will lead to more mayhem.
Congrats to Congress on their 112 'gold tier' healthcare plans  Why should they suffer like regular Americans?
Walker Stapleton is running as the highly respected Republican Candidate for Governor of the Great State of Colorado. His credentials and talents are impeccable. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
.@SenJohnBarrasso has a Primary on August 21st. He doesn’t need any help because he is absolutely outstanding in every way but I hope the great people of Wyoming will go out and show their support anyway. John is absolutely top of the line &amp; has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement!
Why doesn’t the Fake News Media state that the Trump Administration’s Anti-Trust Division has been and is opposed to the AT&amp;T purchase of Time Warner in a currently ongoing Trial. Such a disgrace in reporting!
Every American needs to say 2 simple words to every Vet they meet: THANK YOU! John Wayne Walding 
In addition to great incompetence and corruption The Smollett case in Chicago is also about a Hate Crime. Remember “MAGA COUNTRY DID IT!” That turned out to be a total lie had nothing to do with “MAGA COUNTRY.” Serious stuff and not even an apology to millions of people!
Why does @Greta have a fired Bushy like dummy John Sununu on- spewing false info? I will beat Hillary by a lot she wants no part of Trump.
Thanks for all the nice comments about the @Late_Show last night. I enjoyed it and David enjoyed the ratings.  
I hope we never find life on other planets because there's no doubt that the U.S. Government will start sending them money!
The Republicans have now won 8 out of 9 House Seats yet if you listen to the Fake News Media you would think we are being clobbered. Why can’t they play it straight so unfair to the Republican Party and in particular your favorite President!
Listen to an interview with Donald Trump discussing his new book Think Like A Champion: 
Speaker @johnboehner seems to have gained strength in house—a good thing!
Art Laffer just said that he doesn't know how a Democrat could vote against the big tax cut/reform bill and live with themselves!  @FoxNews
I'm a former chief of police in a border town. I'm Hispanic I'm proud to be Hispanic and I'm 100% behind Trump.
We pray for our fallen heroes who died while serving our country in the @USNavy aboard the  #USSJohnSMcCain and their families. 
Thank you Kenansville North Carolina! Remember- on November 8th that special interest gravy train is coming to a… 
We're stuck with the worst mayor in the United States. Too bad but New York City will survive!
Last night William Shatner had more airtime than any winner. It should have been called the William Shatner show...
....victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you
of jobs and companies lost. If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting.
There is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country. This was a big part of my campaign. Study the world!
Congrats to Obama &amp; Democrats. CBO has just announced that ObamaCare missed its uninsured target by half &amp; program costs extra $700B+.
A 60% increase in Texas Blue Cross/Blue Shield through ObamaCare. I told you so there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode!
Join me in California for a Roundtable on Immigration and Border Security! 
Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA - NO DEALS NO LOANS NO NOTHING!

I am thrilled to share that the Trump Home furniture collection by @doryainteriors just opened a new… 
ObamaCare premiums rising 13.2% in 2015  Elections have consequences!
Congratulations to @LenaEpstein of Michigan on a job well done. Also thanks for your great support!
What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians? Also is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look?
The Democrats must end the loopholes on immigration. So easy to solve!
My thoughts and prayers are with Pastor Brunson and we hope to have him safely back home soon!
.@yuSiddiqui @piersmorgan @rustyrockets  I got much better—no contest—I got Melania!
DESPERATE- @BarackObama is already asking supporters to 'find dirt' on @MittRomney's VP picks   Dirty tactics.
Question: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration right up to January 20th why aren’t they the subject of the investigation? Why didn’t Obama do something about the meddling? Why aren’t Dem crimes under investigation? Ask Jeff Session!
.@MittRomney will make us energy independent by 2020  @BarackObama will keep wasting money on Solyndra projects.
We have agreed to a very large Phase One Deal with China. They have agreed to many structural changes and massive purchases of Agricultural Product Energy and Manufactured Goods plus much more. The 25% Tariffs will remain as is with 7 1/2% put on much of the remainder....
..Because of Tariffs we will be able to start paying down large amounts of the $21 Trillion in debt that has been accumulated much by the Obama Administration while at the same time reducing taxes for our people. At minimum we will make much better Trade Deals for our country!
Foreigners slashed the purchase of US debt late last year--the first time in over 2years. We must control spending. 
Must read article in @washtimes: "@RealSheriffJoe probe could dwarf Watergate" 
IPSOS/REUTERS POLLThank you! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Congratulations to JUDGE LAWRENCE VANDYKE on being confirmed to the Ninth Circuit. Great job!
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 

“Precisely the same program that the Democrats are trying to  Impeach President Trump for supposedly slow walking tomorrow right here in the Senate they (the Dems) say they’re going to filibuster for the exact same program.” @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell. Do Nothing Democrats!
Hmmm...can you imagine me speaking at the RNC Convention in Tampa?  That's a speech everyone would watch.
....are GREAT but the politicians are incompetent or corrupt. Puerto Rico got far more money than Texas &amp; Florida combined yet their government can’t do anything right the place is a mess - nothing works. FEMA &amp; the Military worked emergency miracles but politicians like.....
Thank you to President Moon of South Korea for hosting the American Delegation and me immediately following the very successful G-20 in Japan. While there it was great to call on Chairman Kim of North Korea to have our very well covered meeting. Good things can happen for all!
Congrats @TrumpDoral for being named one of the Most Notable Openings of 2014 from @BizBash: 

Hillary Clinton spokesperson admitted that their was no ISIS video of me. Therefore Hillary LIED at the debate last night. SAD!
Dummy @Clare_OC from failing @Forbes magazine: NASCAR deal was 1 nite ballroom ESPN was small golf outing...
Happy Father's Day to all! I had a wonderful and loving father. 
My Administration is fighting hard to end the Opioid Crisis. Join with us by disposing unused or expired prescription medications at over 4000 locations across this great Country. Find a location TODAY from 10am-2pm at  #TakeBackDay 
If Vera Coking had taken my millions of $’s like she should have she would have lived for many years in Palm Beach Florida.
With Mexico being one of the highest crime Nations in the world we must have THE WALL. Mexico will pay for it through reimbursement/other.
It never ends. The Do Nothing Dems are terrible! 
See Lyin' Ted even the @DailyBeast (no fan of mine) says this story came from Rubio not Trump! 
AMAZING - @BarackObama has actually found a government program he can cut in half - the Defense Department...bad (cont) 
Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is even better.

ICYMI The ALS #IceBucketChallenge that Trumps them all-  @MissUSA @MissUniverse @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump
.@DonaldJTrumpJr’s @CNBC interview discussing the starving demand that is fueling high-end luxury 
Will be going out in 10 minutes for the press conference.
The tragedy in Newtown really makes you understand how life is so fragile. Must appreciate every minute!
New Fox Poll shows a “40% Approval Rating by African Americans for President Trump a record for Republicans.” Thank you a great honor!
I'm leaving for Iowa now - will be great!
The polls are close so Crooked Hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow.Why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails?
A review of @MikeTyson's show great press on Trump International Golf Links Scotland and more in today's #trumpvlog- 
If the Democrats want to win Supreme Court and other Court picks don’t Obstruct and Resist but rather do it the good ol’ fashioned way WIN ELECTIONS!
“This President has done more for African Americans in this Country than any President since Lincoln.” @LouDobbs
Television ratings for @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live just came out and they were great - the best since 2011. Very few protesters!
Governor Alejandro García Padilla said presidential hopeful Sen. Marco Rubio “is no friend of Puerto Rico." 
“It’s political season and the election is around the corner. They want to continue to push that racist narrative.” @ainsleyearhardt @foxandfriends  And I am the least racist person. Black Hispanic and Asian Unemployment is the lowest (BEST) in the history of the United States!
I wonder what the work atmosphere is like @VanityFair. It must be hard working at a dying institution.
Just landed in Panama City Beach Florida for a rally beginning at 8:00 P.M. Eastern. Will be live on @FoxNews! #MAGA @tuckercarlson @seanhannity
Lyin' Ted Cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with The National Enq.were caused by me. I had NOTHING to do with story!
The Caravans are made up of some very tough fighters and people. Fought back hard and viciously against Mexico at Northern Border before breaking through. Mexican soldiers hurt were unable or unwilling to stop Caravan. Should stop them before they reach our Border but won’t!
Do your homework. Wasting other people’s time due to poor planning and thoughtlessness will only leave a bad impression.
ELECTION INTERFERENCE!
Via @fitsnews: "The Donald Trump Show Is Returning To SC: BILLIONAIRE MOGUL HEADS BACK TO PALMETTO STATE" 
Stop the flights! 
groveling when he totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad. Just more very dishonest media!
I hope the Mexican judge is more honest than the Mexican businessmen who used the court system to avoid paying me the money they owe me.
Thank you to Rasmussen for the honest polling. Just hit 50% which is higher than Cheatin’ Obama at the same time in his Administration.
...Yes I am currently suing various people for violating their confidentiality agreements. Disgusting and foul mouthed Omarosa is one. I gave her every break despite the fact that she was despised by everyone and she went for some cheap money from a book. Numerous others also!
.@thehill discussing my @foxandfriends interview: "Trump: 'Clamor for @MittRomney's tax returns has died down'" 
If Obama doesn't accept my offer to be fully transparent what will he say?
Just read the best Maureen Dowd column in the New York Times EVER (although she treated me great before politics) but it was written by her brother Kevin. Someone in the News Media should hire her wonderful talented and very smart brother! 
For those that constantly say that “global warming” is now “climate change”—they changed the name. The name global warming wasn’t working
Dying @GQMagazine just named me to a list. Too bad GQ is no longer relevant—won’t be around long!
Just finished speaking in Jacksonville Florida. Incredible crowd fantastic people. Thank you!
It's sad to see once decent newspapers like @USAToday failing so badly. I just don't know if they can be saved.
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
Anytime you hear a Democrat saying that you can have good Border Security without a Wall write them off as just another politician following the party line. Time for us to save billions of dollars a year and have at the same time far greater safety and control!
The radar defense shipping and civil aviation problems will stop the ugly windfarm. #EOWDC
Watch @ FoxNews’ @ShannonBream @LisWiehl &amp; former prosecutor Doug Burns destroy ridiculous lawsuit 
Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one. Be open to change--it's another word for innovation.
Via @CBNNews by @TheBrodyFile: “Donald Trump: 'We Must Make America Great Again'”  
Wind Power is proving to be very costly and unsightly.
Ellen is sadly having a hard time with her lines. #Oscars
If everything seems under control you're not going fast enough. -- Mario Andretti"
People love gossip. It's the biggest thing that keeps the entertainment industry going. -- @TheEllenShow
I have just instructed the Secretary of the Treasury to substantially increase Sanctions on the country of Iran!
I’ve employed thousands of Electrical Workers. They will be voting for me!
Ray Kelly is the best Police Commissioner in NYC history. Keeping NYC safe thru vigilance. @RayKelly
Entrepreneurs: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Part 1 of my @jimmyfallon interview discussing my $5M offer to Obama #TRUMP Tower atrium my tweets &amp; 57th st. crane 
Tonight in his SOTU @BarackObama won't talk about Keystone. He will continue to dissemble about his record and play class warfare.
Will be doing a big interview tonight with Bret Baier at 6:00 P.M. on Fox. Don't miss it!

.@marcorubio what do you say to the family of Kathryn Steinle in CA who was viciously killed b/c we can't secure our border? Stand up for US
The Fake News Media was fixated on the fact that I properly said at the beginnings of Hurricane Dorian that in addition to Florida &amp; other states Alabama may also be grazed or hit. They went Crazy hoping against hope that I made a mistake (which I didn’t). Check out maps.....
The young leaders here today (@TPUSA) are part of a movement unlike anything in the history of our nation. It is a movement about reclaiming YOUR future rebuilding YOUR Country restoring YOUR destiny and renewing the values that are the true source of American GREATNESS! 
With Spies or “Informants” as the Democrats like to call them because it sounds less sinister (but it’s not) all over my campaign even from a very early date why didn’t the crooked highest levels of the FBI or “Justice” contact me to tell me of the  phony Russia problem?
Via HT Politics 
Just leaving Akron Ohio after a packed rally. Amazing people! Going now to Texas.
Remember that Bill Clinton was brought in to help Hillary against Obama in 2008. He was terrible failed badly and was called a racist!
Will be covering President Obama's speech at 9.00 on Twitter-you are all so lucky!
Just hit a million on Facebook- 
Nice conflict. Brown dropped out of presidential race FAST. Polled at ZERO! 
#HappyIndependenceDay #USA🇺🇸 
I will be landing in Las Vegas shortly to pay my respects with @FLOTUS Melania. Everyone remains in our thoughts and prayers.
Russians are playing @CNN and @NBCNews for such fools - funny to watch they don't have a clue! @FoxNews totally gets it!
....proportionate to shooting down an unmanned drone. I am in no hurry our Military is rebuilt new  and ready to go by far the best in the world. Sanctions are biting &amp; more added last night. Iran can NEVER have Nuclear Weapons not against the USA and not against the WORLD!
The Republicans must get Virgil Goode out of the race in Virginia. He will take votes away from @MittRomney.
Key Obamacare premiums to jump 25% next year:
....Should Federal Election Commission and/or FCC look into this? There must be Collusion with the Democrats and of course Russia! Such one sided media coverage most of it Fake News. Hard to believe I won and am winning. Approval Rating 52% 93% with Republicans. Sorry!  #MAGA
Congrats everyone--we topped 4 million today on Twitter--and heading up fast!
“This was an illegal coup attempt on the President of the United States.” Dan Bongino on @foxandfriends  True!
Thank you @greta. #ImWithYou 
Massive record setting  snowstorm and freezing temperatures in U.S. Smart that GLOBAL WARMING hoaxsters changed name to CLIMATE CHANGE! $$$$
My Campaign for President was conclusively spied on. Nothing like this has ever happened in American Politics. A really bad situation. TREASON means long jail sentences and this was TREASON!
I really enjoyed the debate tonight even though the @FoxNews trio especially @megynkelly was not very good or professional!
....Today’s action will help ensure that all Americans learn the truth about the events that occurred and the actions that were taken during the last Presidential election and will restore confidence in our public institutions.” @PressSec
Want jobs? Slash corporate tax rate.  Tax incentives for companies that create jobs in US.  America will boom.
Only two weeks until we start shooting @CelebApprentice. We really have something amazing for the fans this year.
The local politicians who run Washington D.C. (poorly) know a windfall when they see it. When asked to give us a price for holding a great celebratory military parade they wanted a number so ridiculously high that I cancelled it. Never let someone hold you up! I will instead...
Wow what a day. So many foolish people that refuse to acknowledge the tremendous  danger and uncertainty of certain people coming into U.S.
Must see video--Obama's criticism of @MittRomney is identical to Carter's on Reagan 
I will be on @foxandfriends  tomorrow morning at 7.00. Will be talking about sleazebag Jonathan Gruber ("Americans are stupid") &amp; exec order
.@RepDebDingell who called me tears flowing to thank me for rolling out the maximum “Red Carpet” for the funeral of her husband then voted against me on the partisan Impeachmen Hoax said “everybody (Dems) wants to get out of town. This has been in my whole career one of...
Hillary Clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. TIME FOR A CHANGE I WILL SOLVE - AND FAST!
Just won big Supreme Court decision on Voting! Great News!
“Mueller has spoken. He found No Collusion between the Trump Campaign and the Russians. The bottom line is what the Democrat House is doing is trying to destroy the Trump Presidency (which has been a tremendous success) and I can assure you that we’re done with the Mueller......
Congresswoman Lesko a great American! 
As a stockholder in Apple they should get on with a larger screen iPhone as a supplement—immediately.
Great respect for the fact that President Xi &amp; his Representatives want “calm resolution.” So impressed that they are willing to come out &amp; state the facts so accurately. This is why he is a great leader &amp; representing a great country. Talks are continuing!
.@MittRomney should not give any other further information until @BarackObama releases the things that everyone wants to see----
The so-called "A" list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration but look what they did for Hillary NOTHING. I want the PEOPLE!
Wow the ObamaCare website which President Obama said would be working TODAY is a total mess with many functions not even thought about!
The Democrats are “Border Deniers.” They refuse to see or acknowledge the Death Crime Drugs and Human Trafficking at our Southern Border!
Russia is on the move in the Ukraine Iran is nuking up &amp; Libya is run by Al Qaeda yet Obama is busy issuing ‘climate change” warnings.

How is ABC Television allowed to have a show entitled "Blackish"? Can you imagine the furor of a show "Whiteish"! Racism at highest level?
We have just built this powerful Wall in New Mexico. Completed on January 30 2019 – 47 days ahead of schedule! Many miles more now under construction! #FinishTheWall 
READ THE TRANSCRIPT!
In real estate all locations can be enhanced through good marketing. Be smart!
Rupert Murdoch is a great guy who likes me much better as a very successful candidate than he ever did as a very successful developer!
Big protests in Iran. The people are finally getting wise as to how their money and wealth is being stolen and squandered on terrorism. Looks like they will not take it any longer. The USA is watching very closely for human rights violations!
Iran was violating the 150 Billion Dollar (plus 1.8 Billion Dollar in CASH) Nuclear Deal with the United States and others who paid NOTHING long before I became President - and they have now breached their stockpile limit. Not good!
Not his 'per se'? A Friday document dump shows @BarackObama all-hands-on-deck as Solyndra collapsed   @BarackObama lies.
Failing @nytimes which has been calling me wrong for two years just got caught in a big lie concerning New England Patriots visit to W.H.
....healthcare (Obamacare) to stay in place when it would have been replaced by something far better shows how incredibly important our upcoming 2020 Election is. I have long heard that the appointment of Supreme Court Justices is a President’s most important decision. SO TRUE!
“Generals don't panic; then the troops never panic.” - @SHAQ
Newsmax is a great news organization and its pres debate in IA on Dec 27 will be fair balanced and informative. @ralphreed
Trump Tower Punta Del Este features the Trump Organization's signature superior quality detail &amp; perfection 
'U.S. Murders Increased 10.8% in 2015' via @WSJ: 
Congressman Peter King of New York is a hardworking gem. Loves his Country and his State. Get out and VOTE for Peter!
Set high standards and meet them. The proof is in the doing: learn by doing and taking risks.
Trump Chicago was featured in Transformers 3.  Trump Tower was featured in Dark Knight Rises. Both are summer blockbusters. #MidasTouch
I’m really saddened to see that @Cher was voted “the 4th ugliest celebrity” according to @listverse....
Hillary Clinton just had her 47% moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans!
How can the Rigged Witch Hunt proceed when it was started influenced and worked on for an extended period of time by former FBI Agent/Lover Peter Strzok? Read his hate filled and totally biased Emails and the answer is clear!
A big POLL will be announced this morning on @CBSNews  Face The Nation. I wonder if I do well if the press will report the results? Doubt it
Even more @BarackObama crony capitalism &amp; corruption. We are guaranteeing a $105M loan to another Obama donor 
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary. Let's Make America Great Again! 
So so so important - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Democrats could solve the Shutdown problem in a very short period of time. All they have to do is approve REAL Border Security (including a Wall) something which everyone other than drug dealers human traffickers and criminals want very badly! This would be so easy to do!
The city of Buffalo is struggling. Moving the @buffalobills would be catastrophic. The Bills belong in Buffalo!
Donald Trump song is up to almost 60 million hits---- crazy!
Michelle @FischbachMN7 is running for Congress in Minnesota. Nicole is Strong on Crime and Borders Cutting Taxes your #2A Loves our Military Vets and will stand with our Great Farmers. Michelle has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 

Thank you Senator @MarshaBlackburn for fighting obstructionist Democrats led by Cryin' Chuck Schumer. Democrats continue to look for a do-over on the Mueller Report and will stop at nothing to distract the American people from the great accomplishments of this Administration!
Congratulations to legislators in New Jersey for not passing taxes that would have driven large numbers of high end taxpayers out of the state. Many were planning to leave &amp; will now be staying. New York &amp; others should start changing their thought process on taxes fast!
I hope @Official1MCD is recuperating well in LA.  Get better!  @OMAROSA
The Do Nothing Democrats are working hard to make everyone forget the Best Economy Ever the monumental weekend raid Tax Cuts the Rebuilding of our Military etc. The Impeachment Hoax is a disgrace. Read the transcript!
Today at The Villages in Florida it was my great honor to sign an Executive Order on protecting and improving Medicare for our Nation’s Seniors. Today’s action is only the latest of many important steps we are taking to dramatically improve healthcare for the American People! 
Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace will be re-broadcast on @FoxNews  at 6:00 P.M.
Today's #trumpvlog answers your tweets about my thoughts on the Republican candidates... 
We
Nancy can’t fix it. The Do Nothing Dems have done great harm to our Country! 
Why should I have the stigma of Impeachment attached to my name when I did nothing wrong. Read the Transcripts! Hose Republicans voted 195-0 plus we got three Dems. Very unfair to tens of millions of voters!
..It has been a scam right from the beginning with the illegally started Mueller Report FISA the leaking lying &amp; more. Schiff should not have access to Intelligence he is a corrupt pol. “Amazing that they went to Bernie Sanders but not to President Trump.” @marthamaccallum
See you tonight at 7:00 P.M. Eastern Montoursville Pennsylvania! #MAGA 
It's a plain fact: free trade requires having fair rules that apply to everyone. (cont) 
General Kelly is doing a great job at the border. Numbers are way down. Many are not even trying to come in anymore.
I have built so many great &amp; complicated projects– creating tens of thousands of jobs-video:  
The next generation of luxury @TrumpVancouver will be the icon of the Vancouver skyline 
Entrepreneurs: Money is not always the bottom line: it can be a score card not the final score.
I will be interviewed Sunday morning on @FaceTheNation and prior to the Super Bowl on @CBS at 3:30 P.M. Enjoy!
Negotiation is a true talent. It is an art. And our politicians are killing our country b/c they don't have it. - @SRQRepublicans speech
I look forward to meeting @joniernst today in New Jersey. She has done a great job as Senator of Iowa!
Great afternoon in Ohio &amp; a great evening in Pennsylvania - departing now. See you tomorrow Virginia! 
The Ebola nurse should NEVER have been allowed to fly to Cleveland and (amazing) back again. Nothing works in our once great country anymore
After two days of very productive talks Prime Minister Abe is heading back to Japan. L
When will the Fake News Media start asking Democrats if they are OK with the hiring of Christopher Steele a foreign agent paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC to dig up “dirt” and write a phony Dossier against the Presidential Candidate of the opposing party.........
Making Daylight Saving Time permanent is O.K. with me!
Wow my poll numbers have just been announced and have gone through the roof!
All this from a guy who lectured Americans about tightening their belts: @BarackObama bashes rich people an… (cont) 
Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries. I will stop this fast!
My thoughts and prayers are with the @KissimmeePolice and their loved ones. We are with you!#LESM
Donald Trump Partners with TV1 on New Reality Series Entitled Omarosa's Ultimate Merger: 
Texas Rep Roger Williams (@RepRWilliams) has done an incredible job representing the Great State of Texas. Roger is tough on Crime Strong on the Border &amp; Illegal Immigration. He loves our Military &amp; our Vets and protects our #2A. Roger has my Total &amp; Complete Endorsement!
Hillary Clinton will use American tax dollars to provide amnesty for thousands of illegals. I will put… 
“Obamacare Data Mismatch Could Leave Thousands Uninsured”  ObamaCare is not working and has missed all targets.
Has AG Schneiderman been extorting his targets and their lawyers for contributions? We will find out.
.@VanityFair Magazine is doing really poorly. It has gotten worse and worse over the years and has lost almost all of it's former allure!
The losing team is now back in boardroom. I can't discuss the team members or what's going on or what happens from here on out.
Once again @RickSantorum proves he can't run a professional campaign. He is ineligible in large section of (cont) 
Weather looking good clearing rapidly and temperatures going down fast. See you in 45 minutes 6:30 to 7:00 P.M. at Lincoln Memorial!
Looks like Bob Mueller’s team of 13 Trump Haters &amp; Angry Democrats are illegally leaking information to the press while the Fake News Media make up their own stories with or without sources - sources no longer matter to our corrupt &amp; dishonest Mainstream Media they are a Joke!
THANK YOU @CPAC! #CPAC2020 
The Economy is soooo good perhaps the best in our country’s history (remember it’s the economy stupid!) that the Democrats are flailing &amp; lying like CRAZY! Phony books articles and T.V. “hits” like no other pol has had to endure-and they are losing big. Very dishonest people!
Well it happened again. Amy Klobuchar announced that she is running for President talking proudly of fighting global warming while standing in a virtual blizzard of snow ice and freezing temperatures. Bad timing. By the end of her speech she looked like a Snowman(woman)!
I will be on The Situation Room with @wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est on CNN
I will not be going to Florida because of the Shutdown - Staying in the White House!  #MAGA
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing the GOP primary gas prices the Doral purchase and my outlook on the economy. 
We join families of Kevin King &amp; Tim Weeks in celebrating their release from Taliban captivity. Thanks to President Ghani for his courageous support. Let’s hope this leads to more good things on the peace front like a ceasefire that will help end this long war. Proud of my team!
Cryin’ Chuck Schumer fully understands especially after his humiliating defeat that if there is no Wall there is no DACA. We must have safety and security together with a strong Military for our great people!
Events in Pittsburgh are far more devastating than originally thought. Spoke with Mayor and Governor to inform them that the Federal Government has been and will be with them all the way. I will speak to the media shortly and make further statement at Future Farmers of America.
We are rebuilding other countries while our own country is going to HELL. Time to rebuild the U.S.A.! Tell our stupid politicians ENOUGH
.@oreillyfactor why don't you have some knowledgeable talking heads on your show for a change instead of the same old Trump haters. Boring!
While Obama is obsessed with green collar jobs" blue collar workers aren't buying it." (cont) 
The🇺🇸has great strength &amp; patience but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies we will have no choice but to totally destroy #NoKo. 
Thank you @JesseBWatters could not have said it any better myself! 
Unemployment is now 7.9%.  Four years and $6.5T later that is really bad!
A Great Guy! 
Day after day we are exposing the depravity dishonesty and sickness of the corrupt Washington establishment — and with your help we are going to complete the mission and DRAIN THE SWAMP! #KAG2020 
They changed the name from “global warming” to “climate change” after the term global warming just wasn’t working (it was too cold)!
Just returning from Orlando and Doral (Miami) Florida and heading to the Oval Office where I will present the great Economist Dr. Arthur Laffer with the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
....of the DOJ &amp; FBI are completely out to lunch in terms of exposing and holding those accountable who are responsible for that corruption.” @TomFitton @JudicialWatch
Even if we get 100% Republican votes in the Senate we need 10 Democrat votes to get a much needed Immigration Bill - &amp; the Dems are Obstructionists who won’t give votes for political reasons &amp; because they don’t care about Crime coming from Border! So we need to elect more R’s!
Here are Hillary Clinton's "accomplishments" at the State Department.#Debates2016 #RattledHillary 
If Cuban Troops and Militia do not immediately CEASE military and other operations for the purpose of causing death and destruction to the Constitution of Venezuela a full and complete....
Looking over New York City with luxurious 5 Star hotel rooms @TrumpNewYork  top dining &amp; amenities 
Thank you for inviting me to the Western Conservative Summit in Colorado! #ImWithYou #WCS16  
Hagel's performance yesterday was the worst I have ever seen before a committee of any kind!
Interesting -- studies show that wind farms have a warming effect on the climate
Such False and Inaccurate reporting thus far on the G-7. The Fake News knows this but they can’t help themselves! Leaving now to have breakfast with Boris J.
THe Westminster Dog Show asked if I'd be interested in meeting Hickory a Scottish Deerhound who won Best in Show. She came to visit today!
To aspiring entrepreneurs always remember that if your enemies aren’t talking about you then you aren’t doing well...and must work harder!
The reason that Ted Cruz lost the Evangelicals in S.C. is because he is a world class LIAR and Evangelicals do not like liars!
North Korea is behaving very badly. They have been "playing" the United States for years. China has done little to help!
Bobby Jindal did not make the debate stage and therefore I have never met him….
I have never seen the Republican Party as Strong and as Unified as it is right now. Thank you!
Great job to Missy Franklin. She's got a smile that can take over the world. She's also a major talent. Great going Missy!
Peyton Manning should have passed on 3rd down!
The PGA tour just extended my Trump Doral contract for WGC for ten years.
....Because of me these countries have agreed to pay ONE HUNDRED BILLION DOLLARS more - but still way short of what they should pay for the incredible military protection provided. Sorry!
Isn’t it sad that Weiner’s first press conference with wife Huma was yesterday admitting to a sext he made post-resignation &amp; apology!
Two months in jail for a Swamp Creature yet 9 years recommended for Roger Stone (who was not even working for the Trump Campaign). Gee that sounds very fair! Rogue prosecutors maybe? The Swamp! @foxandfriends @TuckerCarlson
....Coyotes and Illegal Immigrants which they can do very easily or our many companies and jobs that have been foolishly allowed to move South of the Border will be brought back into the United States through taxation (Tariffs). America has had enough!
We enjoy hosting tourists in @TrumpTowerNY. They come from all over the world to see the Atrium a NYC landmark. 
Listen to my interview with @gretawire tonight at 10PM ET on @FoxNews.
If Scotland doesn’t stop insane policy of obsolete bird killing wind turbines country will be destroyed. @AlexSalmond @AberdeenCC
Turkey fully understands not to fire on the Kurds as they leave what will be known as the Safe Zone for other fairly nearby areas. I don’t have to repeat that large scale Sanctions will be imposed for violations. Going well! ISIS secured by Kurds with Turkey ready as backup.....
Adopt the Arts campaign at @fundanything ensures that an underfunded public school has music and arts programs 
Army training slide lists Hillary Clinton as insider threat: 
While @BarackObama continues to defend ObamaCare in the courts he is also granting companies waivers. Eve… (cont) 
Not believable that Manti Te’o was in love for one year with a girl he never met- she then died. He is either very stupid....
....I have just been notified that some European Nations are now willing for the first time to take the ISIS Fighters that came from their nations. This is good news but should have been done after WE captured them. Anyway big progress being made!!!!
I wonder what the answer is on @BarackObama's college application to the question: place of birth? Maybe the (cont) 
Getting ready to go to Las Vegas (Freedom Fest) - great crowd. Then on to amazing Phoenix - that will be a total happening! Love America.
These Islamists chop Americans’ heads off and want to destroy us. We should be applauding the CIA not persecuting them.
I requested that Mitch M &amp; Paul R tie the Debt Ceiling legislation into the popular V.A. Bill (which just passed) for easy approval. They...
Tweet me back if u think we should start a petition to fire @hardball_chris for his  comments on Sandy &amp; the death &amp; destruction it caused.
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 -  Enjoy!
...Bad decisions can be devastating.
It’s incredible how Democrats can all use their ridiculous sound bite and say that a Wall doesn’t work. It does and properly built almost 100%! They say it’s old technology - but so is the wheel. They now say it is immoral- but it is far more immoral for people to be dying!
I will be in California this weekend making a speech for Clint Eastwood. Then to Arizona and Vegas. Big crowds. Discussing illegals &amp; more!

.@SeanHannity is having a DEEP STATE SHOW tonight on Fox News at 9:00 PM (E) exposing the tremendous abuse of power that has been uncovered. Tremendous guests a must see – Enjoy!
Hope he won't spend too much time ripping apart the 2nd. Amendment!
It's Friday how many advertisers dropped @HuffPost today?
ObamaCare does indeed ration care. Seniors are now restricted to "comfort care" instead of brain surgery. Repeal now! 
I will be interviewed LIVE tonight by @seanhannity on @FoxNews  9 P.M. Enjoy!
I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton! Democrat Primaries are rigged e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on!
My thoughts on Anthony Weiner in today's #trumpvlog... 
Mrs. Goldberg who filed the Chicago case many years ago is a vicious and conniving woman--loved beating her.
I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto of Mexico and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow.
Republicans want to fix DACA far more than the Democrats do. The Dems had all three branches of government back in 2008-2011 and they decided not to do anything about DACA. They only want to use it as a campaign issue. Vote Republican!
Crazy Nancy Pelosi’s Impeachment Hoax has lifted Republican Congressional Polls (she lost the House once before!) and my Polls WAY UP which was expected but it has had a great effect on Republican Senate races including North Carolina Kentucky Colorado and Arizona. Thanks!
Paul Begala the dopey @CNN flunky and head of the Pro-Hillary Clinton Super PAC has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad against me.
Senator Richard Burr The Chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee just announced that after almost two years more than two hundred interviews and thousands of documents they have found NO COLLUSION BETWEEN TRUMP AND RUSSIA! Is anybody really surprised by this?
Don't forget to enter the "Think Like A Champion" signed book and keychain contest: 
If @HillaryClinton is president she’ll be all talk and nothing will get done. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
.....why President Trump has to deal with North Korea the way it is now. He had to figure out what to do with the Korea mess. I think this is why the President deserves a lot of credit.” Harry Kazianis Center for the National Interest. Thank you!
A really nice article about the Blue Monster from “The Street.”      
WEST VIRGINIA #VoteTrump TODAY!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #
So many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money I raised/gave! It was my great honor - they do an amazing job.
Rep. Jim Jordan Delivers Knockout Blow to Schiff’s Reputation 
Good Morning America is thrilled @Rosie is working for the @todayshow--that means almost guaranteed success for @GMA
Just watched Senator John Barrasso on @FoxNews - He was great! Thank you John.
If you listened to the flawed advice of @paulkrugman at the @nytimes a newspaper that was going broke until I came along you would have entirely missed the RECORD BREAKING Stock Market (and other) numbers produced since Election Day 2016. Sorry those are the FACTS....
By the way when the helicopter couldn’t fly to the first cemetery in France because of almost zero visibility I suggested driving. Secret Service said NO too far from airport &amp; big Paris shutdown. Speech next day at American Cemetery in pouring rain! Little reported-Fake News!
This number based on the Economy &amp; how well our Country is doing would potentially be 75% if not for the Fake News &amp; Phony Witch Hunt. 95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party! 
“Dow closes at another All-Time High!” @cvpayne @FoxBusiness
I will be interviewed on @TODAYshow and Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M.
I hope all of the many thousands of people who are asking me to give up so much and RUN FOR PRESIDENT will   fight hard for victory if I do!
Liberals can hardly belileve it--they can't understand how health care costs could have risen so much when (cont)  16:41:06,71,10,false,185406237461057536TwitLonger Beta,The House Republicans and Democrats are finally unanimous! Yesterday they voted down @BarackObama's $3.6T budget (cont)  16:26:00,113,6,false,185402437975285761Twitter Web Client,Fans like winners. They come to watch stars--great exciting players who do great exciting things." #TheArtofTheDeal
House just passed the 19.1 Billion Dollar Disaster Aid Bill. Great now we will get it done in the Senate! Farmers Puerto Rico and all will be very happy.
Remember how badly Iran was behaving with the Iran Deal in place. They were trying to take over the Middle East by whatever means necessary. Now that will not happen!
The DC press corps is obsessed with my @CPACnews speech which is scheduled  tomorrow 8:45AM in the Potomac Ballroom. Can't blame them.
Thank you to @RandPaul for your YES on a future great Justice of the Supreme Court Brett Kavanaugh. Your vote means a lot to me and to everyone who loves our Country!
$6 gas is coming sooner than later. America must become energy independent with our own resources and fast.Also (cont) 
Fantastic crowd and great people yesterday in Key West Florida. Thank you! 
China is cooking up conspiracy theories that the Olympics are rigged.    They don't understand why they can't cheat.
Get out and vote Nebraska we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
THE WEST WILL NEVER BE BROKEN. Our values will PREVAIL. Our people will THRIVE and our civilization will TRIUMPH! 
After being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election the FAKE NEWS @nytimes is still lost!
Thank you for your support of my candidacy! #MAGA #ImWithYou 
NO COLLUSION NO OBSTRUCTION. Besides how can you have Obstruction when not only was there No Collusion (by Trump) but the bad actions were done by the “other” side? The greatest con-job in the history of American Politics!
Mini Mike is getting slammed. His debates were perhaps the worst in presidential debating history. A total phony who disavowed “Stop &amp; Frisk” after swearing by it for years and even recently. He horribly overused it &amp; then dropped when running as a Dem. A total phony!
Anthony Scaramucci is a highly unstable “nut job” who was with other candidates in the primary who got shellaced and then unfortunately wheedled his way into my campaign. I barely knew him until his 11 days of gross incompetence-made a fool of himself bad on TV. Abused staff..
I am honored that Texas supporters have filed papers in Texas to create "Make America Great" Party on my behalf. 
READ THE TRANSCRIPTS! The Impeachment Hoax is the greatest con job in the history of American politics! The Fake News Media and their partner the Democrat Party are working overtime to make life for the United Republican Party and all it stands for as difficult as possible!
Just got recent Poll - much higher than President O at same time....Well much more has been accomplished!
Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be I won the State of Louisiana and get less delegates than Cruz-Lawsuit coming
Goofy Elizabeth Warren lied when she says I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage. See media—asking for increase!
Getting ready to leave for Poland after which I will travel to Germany for the G-20. Will be back on Saturday.
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone. We will together MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Looking forward to addressing @TheEconomicClub on December 15th at the Marriot Marquis Washington DC.
Hey @Rosie--how is your recovery going? I hope you are doing well so we can start fighting again soon!
Congratulations to @FoxNews you left @CNN &amp; @MSNBC in the dust (that’s because the don’t tell the truth!). 
Obamacare will bankrupt our country and lead to socialized medicine. We must all focus now on electing @MittRomney this November.
....companies to come to the USA and to get companies that have left us for other lands to COME BACK HOME. We  stupidly lost 30% of our auto business to Mexico. If the Tariffs went on at the higher level they would all come back and fast. But very happy with the deal I made...
The new e-mail release is a disaster for Hillary Clinton. At a minimum how can someone with such bad judgement be our next president?
Thank you Newt! 
Fact – all the countries complaining about us spying on them spy on us. They just don't get caught--stupid!
I meet and talk to “foreign governments” every day. I just met with the Queen of England (U.K.) the Prince of Whales the P.M. of the United Kingdom the P.M. of Ireland the President of France and the President of Poland. We talked about “Everything!” Should I immediately.....
#IACaucus • 2/1/2016 • 6:30pm#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!Iowa caucus finder:  #GOPDebate 
We can't destroy the competitiveness of our factories in order to prepare for nonexistent global warming. China is thrilled with us!

Dealing with @LindseyGrahamSC and many members of Congress including Democrats about imposing powerful Sanctions on Turkey. Treasury is ready to go additional legislation may be sought. There is great consensus on this. Turkey has asked that it not be done. Stay tuned!
....The only problem is that they know I am going to win (best economy &amp; employment numbers in U.S. history &amp; much more) and the deal will become far worse for them if it has to be negotiated in my second term. Would be wise for them to act now but love collecting BIG TARIFFS!
USMC Andrew Tahmooressi should be freed immediately. He never should have been jailed in the first place. Weak leaders. #FreeOurMarine
Golf match? I've won 18 Club Championships including this weekend. @mcuban swings like a little girl with no power or talent. Mark's a loser
My @foxandfriends interview from Monday discussing Obama’s tone going over the curb and Republican debt ceiling card 
We will always ENFORCE our laws PROTECT our borders and SUPPORT our police! #LESMHarrisburg Pennsylvania #FlashbackFriday #MS13 
Randy Moss should not be bragging about himself—I’m the only one who is allowed to do that!
This Saturday the eyes of history are looking at the people of Louisiana. If you want to defend your values your jobs and your freedom then you need to REPLACE Radical Liberal John Bel Edwards with a true Louisiana Patriot: @EddieRispone! #GeauxVote 

The U.S. economy is looking very good in my opinion even better than anticipated. Companies are pouring back into our country reversing the long term trend of leaving. The unemployment numbers are looking great and Regulations &amp; Taxes have been massively Cut! JOBS JOBS JOBS
IF OUR FORMALLY TARGETED FARMERS NEED ADDITIONAL AID UNTIL SUCH TIME AS THE TRADE DEALS WITH CHINA MEXICO CANADA AND OTHERS FULLY KICK IN THAT AID WILL BE PROVIDED BY THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT PAID FOR OUT OF THE MASSIVE TARIFF MONEY COMING INTO THE USA!
It’s Thursday.  How much time did Washington waste today trying to find a solution on the so-called fiscal cliff?
BIG CPAC STRAW POLL RESULTS: 93% APPROVE OF THE JOB PRESIDENT TRUMP IS DOING (Thank you!). 50% say President Trump should Tweet MORE or SAME (funny!). 79% say Republicans in Congress should do a better job of working with President Trump (starting to happen).
The Republican Party must get tougher and smarter and fast or it will go down to a very big defeat - just like the last two times!
Late last night our deadline we reached a wonderful new Trade Deal with Canada to be added into the deal already reached with Mexico. The new name will be The United States Mexico Canada Agreement or USMCA. It is a great deal for all three countries solves the many......
My Approval Rating in the Republican Party = 95% a record! Big Iowa win. Approval Rating overall = 53% a new high. With our great Economy and other major successes would be 20 points higher without the phony Witch Hunts and Hoaxes???
Great thanks. 
Thank you- Appleton Wisconsin!#WIPrimary #Trump2016  
The heroes who rest in these hallowed fields in cemeteries battlefields and burial grounds near and far are drawn the full tapestry of American life. They came from every generation from towering cities and wind swept prairies from privilege and from poverty... 
Today we come together as one Nation to salute the Veterans of the United States Armed Forces – the greatest warriors ever to walk on the face of the Earth. Our Veterans risked everything for us. Now it is our duty to serve and protect THEM every day of our lives! 
Watch the latest From The Desk Of Donald Trump at  and read this article 
Go to the website for the Judge's full decision re Trump University:  
...and the fraudulent and dishonest statements he made on Wednesday. No way it’s time to stop this corrupt and illegally brought Witch Hunt. Time to start looking at the other side where real crimes were committed. Republicans have been abused long enough. Must end now!
Employees of @NYMag should have their resumes updated. It is very boring &amp; will die in the near future. How much are they losing now?
The National Institutes of Health is home to some of the greatest doctors scientists and researchers in the world. Thank you for all your doing @NIH keep up the great work!  
I'll be signing copies of my new book "Time To Get Tough" tomorrow in Trump Tower--11 am to 2 pm. Hope to see you there.
Such Fake reporting by the @nytimes @washingtonpost @CNN &amp; others. They use a small portion of a sentence out of a full paragraph in order to demean. They really are corrupt and disgusting. No wonder the media is according to polls record setting low &amp; untrusted.  #MAGA
A reader just sent me the following: "I wanted to share with you something rather startling. On page 103 of (cont) 
“If thinking that James Comey is not a good FBI Director is tantamount to being an agent of Russia than just list all the people that are agents of Russia - Chuck Schumer Nancy Pelosi Rod Rosenstein who wrote the memo to get rid of Comey the Inspector General....” Trey Gowdy
Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they don't go to a 51 vote majority NOW. They look like fools and are just wasting time......
Obama Care stole more then $500M from Medicare.
Thank you Council Bluffs Iowa! Will be back soon. Remember- everything you need to know about Hillary -- just… 
ENJOY! 
Billions of dollars are and will be coming into United States coffers because of Tariffs. Great also for negotiations - if a country won’t give us a fair Trade Deal we will institute Tariffs on them. Used or not jobs and businesses will be created. U.S. respected again!
“I thought a very revealing poll was done by The New York Times. By about a 10 point margin those in battleground states polled are against impeaching the President and if Nancy Pelosi doesn’t take note of that maybe she is the third rate politician.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends
Flashback: "Donald Trump: $200M plan for Doral"  via @ESPNGolf. Trump Doral's @cadillacchamp is one week away!
...And it will get as I have always said much better from even here! 
A world-famous testament to architectural excellence @TrumpTowerNY features a 60-ft waterfall 
Just Introduced at #NCGOPcon as the country's highest paid speaker. Told the record crowd of 650 I am to be speaking here for free!
Entrepreneurs: Be cautiously optimistic.  Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
Will be interviewed tonight by Laura @IngrahamAngle at 10pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Congrats to @msnbc for firing Martin Bashir—don’t feel badly he didn’t get ratings anyway. @SarahPalinUSA
So sad to see what is happening in New York where Governor Cuomo and Mayor DeBlasio are letting out 900 Criminals some hardened and bad onto the sidewalks of our rapidly declining because of them city. The Radical Left Dems are killing our cities. NYPD Chief is resigning!
Thank you America - great #CommanderInChiefForum polls! 
President Donald J. Trump and @FLOTUS Melania Participate in the Pardoning of the National Thanksgiving Turkey at the White House. 
In the latest poll Danger-Weiner’s numbers have sunk. I wonder how Carlos handled the stress? He is one whacko sicko sexter.
Thank you for the support as we MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
When somebody challenges you unfairly fight back - be brutal be tough - don't take it. It is always important to WIN!
As I head out to a very important NATO meeting I see that FBI Lover/Agent Lisa Page is dodging a Subpoena &amp; is refusing to show up and testify. What can she possibly say about her statements and lies. So much corruption on the other side. Where is the Attorney General? @FoxNews
There have been 17 shutdowns since 1976 14 under Reagan and Bush with Democrat Congresses who wanted more spending.
Good morning America! Thank you for all of your support in the latest Drudge poll!  
Bad lawyer and fraudster Michael Cohen said under sworn testimony that he never asked for a Pardon. His lawyers totally contradicted him. He lied! Additionally he directly asked me for a pardon. I said NO. He lied again! He also badly wanted to work at the White House. He lied!
#SuperBowl Vote for me and @CENTURY21-- 
Why does@ Bill O'Reilly keep putting Karl Rove on his show-a total waste of time. Rove spent $400 000 000 and didn't win a race-pathetic!
Some of you were asking about the All-Star line-up for Celebrity Apprentice 
On International Women's Day join me in honoring the critical role of women here in America &amp; around the world.
“Why doesn’t the press apologize to President Trump for the Russian Collusion Delusion?” @marklevinshow  @JudgeJeanine  How about the Dems also?
Sugar @Lord_Sugar—you should say thank you Donald like a good little boy... ...
....Also talked about their Border with Syria the eradication of terrorism the ending of hostilities with the Kurds and many other topics. Look forward to seeing President Erdogan next Wednesday November 13th at the @WhiteHouse!
.....China does not want Tariffs!
Brian Williams was never a smart guy but always passes himself off as such. People will learn the truth! @NBCNightlyNews
With almost no inflation our Country is needlessly being forced to pay a MUCH higher interest rate than other countries only because of a very misguided Federal Reserve. In addition Quantitative Tightening is continuing making it harder for our Country to compete. As good.....
. @OMAROSA is smart and strategic. People should cut her some slack and respect the way she works on @ApprenticeNBC.
Stay confident even when something bad happens. It is just a bump in the road. It will pass. - Think Big
100% Correct! 
'Why Trump' 
The NFL has just barred ball carriers from using helmet as contact.  What is happening to the sport? The beginning of the end.
Thank you to all Americans who participated in Nat'l Rx Drug Take Back Day. A record amount of drugs collected &amp; disposed. We can do this!
No matter how far down a path you go if it's the wrong path turn around and go back home - before it is too late.
Eight Syrians were just caught on the southern border trying to get into the U.S. ISIS maybe? I told you so. WE NEED A BIG &amp; BEAUTIFUL WALL!
Via @CBNNews’ @TheBrodyFile: “Poll: Donald Trump in GOP Top Tier for President” 
COMING UP @GenFlynn @newtgingrich on @foxandfriends
.@TIME Magazine should definitely pick David Pecker to run things over there - he'd make it exciting and win awards!
Pictures of @melaniatrump and me from the Men In Black III premiere in New York City  We loved the movie!
هذا ما قد تبدو عليه دولة فلسطين المستقبلية بعاصمة في أجزاء من القدس الشرقية. 
This chart from AEI's @JimPethokoukis shows how terrible @BarackObama's 'recovery' really is:    Disaster.
House Democrats want to negotiate a $2 TRILLION spending increase but can’t even pass their own plan. We can’t afford it anyway and it’s not happening!
People who lost money when the Stock Market went down 350 points based on the False and Dishonest reporting of Brian Ross of @ABC News (he has been suspended) should consider hiring a lawyer and suing ABC for the damages this bad reporting has caused - many millions of dollars!
I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds but the media refuses to show or discuss them. Something very big is happening!
Is Jon Stewart a racist? See video---  @thedailyshow
“They (Do Nothing Dems) are trying to nullify an election...” Joe diGenova 
We will all stick together and WIN! Thank you Franklin. 
See you later! 
Getting ready to leave for one of my favorite places the Florida Panhandle where we’ve given and are giving billions of $$$ for the devastation caused by Hurricane Michael. Even though the Dems are totally in our way (they don’t want money to go there) we’re getting it done!
Today on Long Island we were all moved to be joined by families who have suffered unthinkable heartbreak at the hands of MS-13. I was truly honored to be joined again by the courageous families who were my guests at the State of the Union... 
Captured or not all our soldiers are heroes!
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! 
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake NBC News said it’s time for the Press to stop complaining and to start fighting back. Actually Chuck they’ve been doing that from the day I announced for President. They’ve gone all out and I WON and now they’re going CRAZY!
Join us Saturday night- for the South Carolina Primary Watch Party!#SCPrimary #Trump2016 
Great being in Cincinnati Ohio last night- thank you! Off to Washington D.C. now. #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst 
Did you know Donald Trump is on Facebook?  - Become a fan today!
Very proud of the U.S. Senate for voting “YES” to advance the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh!
“Op-Ed praises Trump Administrations efforts at the Border.” @FoxNews  The  Washington Examiner States “Finally the government has taken steps to stop releasing unaccompanied minors to criminals and traffickers.” This was done by the Obama Administration!
Isn’t it interesting that now that I’m #1 in the polls the networks show polls that are a month old!
Shoplifting is a very big deal in China as it should be (5-10 years in jail) but not to father LaVar. Should have gotten his son out during my next trip to China instead. China told them why they were released. Very ungrateful!
The NFL has all sorts of rules and regulations. The only way out for them is to set a rule that you can't kneel during our National Anthem!
.@FoxNewsSunday
Pay attention to global news and developments--in today's world that is a requirement not an elective.
Will be doing a live Thanksgiving Video Teleconference with Members of the Military at 9:00 A.M.  Afghanistan Iraq USS Monterey Turkey &amp; Bahrain. Then going to Coast Guard Quarters Florida.
The Great @LouDobbs: “People know after 3 years of this President the most historic President in our Country’s history that there is no one who can touch what he’s done in 3 years foreign policy domestic policy you name it it’s amazing. Just to have the guts not to be.....
Here's what I told @Gretawire on @FOX when it comes to singer @Cher's inappropriate attacks on @MittRomney 
We launched a new series of #Trump2016 videos via Facebook. A new topic everyday! Watch:  
If you voted for Obama in 2008 to prove you were not a racist then vote for Romney in 2012 to prove you are not stupid. Thanks Walter D!
Chicago is a shooting disaster-they should immediately go to STOP AND FRISK. They have no choice hundreds of lives would be saved!
Congrats to @FLGovScott on today's inauguration and having done a great job!
.....”It is a cesspool of corruption and the people who did this need to be brought to justice.”  @GreggJarrett
Less than 48 hours before start of the Impeachment Hearing Hoax on Monday the No Due Process Do Nothing Democrats are believe it or not changing the Impeachment Guidelines because the facts are not on their side. When you can’t win the game change the rules!
The world is at war with a hidden enemy. WE WILL WIN!
Today I am working on my 'big surprise' for the @RNC convention. Everyone will love it.
Will be going to Detroit Michigan (love) today for a big meeting on bringing back car production to State &amp; U.S. Already happening!
Ron Paul is right that we are wasting trillions of dollars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Why aren't the lawyers looking at and using the Federal Court decision in Boston which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision?
The Republican Party has NEVER been so united! This Impeachment Scam is just a continuation of the 3 year Witch Hunt but it is only bringing us even closer together!
The Fake News Media is going Crazy! They are suffering a major “breakdown” have ZERO credibility or respect &amp; must be thinking about going legit. I have learned to live with Fake News which has never been more corrupt than it is right now. Someday I will tell you the secret!
If US Air &amp; American Airlines are allowed to merge ticket prices will skyrocket—there will  be no competition.
Iraq is falling apart fast - two trillion dollars and so many deaths - Bush got us in and Obama took far too long to get us out!
Republicans have never been more unified than they are right now! The Dems are a mess under the corrupt leadership of Nervous Nancy Pelosi and Shifty Adam Schiff!
3.4 million jobs created since our great Election Victory - far greater than ever anticipated and only getting better as new and greatly improved Trade Deals start coming to fruition!
Gas prices are going up big league—I told you so—payback to OPEC!
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. Without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Republicans and @MittRomney must get tough very soon.
..North Korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to China which is trying to help but with little success.
US Gov't is on the hook for more than a third of the world's entire debt &amp; we wonder why China &amp; OPEC are laughing all the way to the bank!
Just out: 3.7% Unemployment is the lowest number since 1969!
When will we stop wasting our money on rebuilding Afghanistan? We must rebuild our country first.
The Economy is great. The only thing adding to “uncertainty” is the Fake News!
I think it was terrible that Tim Cook of Apple apologized to China. What the hell is he apologizing for? Steve Jobs wouldn’t.


“There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty.” – The Iron Lady Margaret Thatcher
Entrepreneurs: Be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
Bob Tyrrell @AmSpec—Thank you--and also for the great work you do.
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
While all agree the U. S. President has the complete power to pardon why think of that when only crime so far is LEAKS against us.FAKE NEWS
I am pleased to announce that Jovita Carranza will be nominated as the new @SBAgov Administrator. She will be replacing Linda McMahon who has done an outstanding job. Jovita was a great Treasurer of the United States – and I look forward to her joining my Cabinet!
Our relationship with Russia is worse now than it has ever been and that includes the Cold War. There is no reason for this. Russia needs us to help with their economy something that would be very easy to do and we need all nations to work together. Stop the arms race?
“Keep a good attitude and do the right thing even when it's hard. When you do that you are passing the test.” - @JoelOsteen
Amazing that Ted Cruz can't even get a Senator like @BenSasse who is easy to endorse him. Not one Senator  is endorsing Canada Ted!
.@ARealSuperMan #asktrump 
I got to know @johnboehner very well—he is a great guy who will do the right thing for the country!
You have to feel bad for the Democrat Senators.  They don’t want Hagel either.  Just following Obama’s orders.
A big salute to Jerry Jones owner of the Dallas Cowboys who will BENCH players who disrespect our Flag."Stand for Anthem or sit for game!"
Nice meeting with Mark Zuckerberg of @Facebook in the Oval Office today.  
The Governor of California @GavinNewsom has done a terrible job of forest management. I told him from the first day we met that he must “clean” his forest floors regardless of what his bosses the environmentalists DEMAND of him. Must also do burns and cut fire stoppers.....
Those who refuse to draw red line to Iran don't have the moral right to put a red line to @Israel. -- @IsraeliPM @netanyahu
Joe Biden is a reclamation project. Some things are just not salvageable. China and other countries that ripped us off for years are begging for him. He deserted our military our law enforcement and our healthcare. Added more debt than all other Presidents combined. Won’t win!
Making great progress in @Davos. Tremendous numbers of companies will be coming or returning to the USA. Hottest Economy! JOBS JOBS JOBS!
Thank you General Mattis book is boring &amp; untrue! 
....that were not hit – and that are in good condition. Any cruise ship companies willing to act as stationary housing etc. I am sure would be appreciated!
Thank you to @GaryVanSickle &amp; Sports Illustrated @SInow  for the really nice piece about me. March 17 2014 issue  
Negotiation tip #1:  The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.
Looking forward to tonight's Ayrshire Chamber of Commerce Annual Dinner 2015  @AyrshireChamber
I have been fully briefed on the terrible shooting in California. Law Enforcement and First Responders together with the FBI are on scene. 13 people at this time have been reported dead. Likewise the shooter is dead along with the first police officer to enter the bar....
Why is the @GOP being asked to do a debate that is so much longer than the just-aired and very boring #DemDebate?
The Whistleblower got it sooo wrong that HE must come forward. The Fake News Media knows who he is but being an arm of the Democrat Party don’t want to reveal him because there would be hell to pay.  Reveal the Whistleblower and end the Impeachment Hoax!
In all my years in business and participating in politics I've never seen the country as divided as it is right (cont)  17:35:33,105,16,false,160415176754081792TwitLonger Beta,We have a president who has a vendetta against businesspeople and considers them the enemy." #TimeToGetTough  (cont) 
خطاب به رهبران ايران: معترضان خود را نكشيد. هزاران تن تاكنون به دست شما كشته يا زنداني شده اند، و جهان نظاره گر است. مهمتر از ان، ايالات متحده نظاره گر است. اينترنت را دوباره وصل كنيد و به خبرنگاران اجازه دهيد ازادانه حركت كنند! كشتار مردم بزرگ ايران را متوقف كنيد! 
Re: Success-- Don't put blinders on and do not limit yourself; reach out seek and explore. Think big at all times.
Thank you New Jersey! # 
Crooked Hillary Clinton- discussing the #SecondAmendment at a private event. #2A cc: @NRA 
Hope all House Republicans and honest House Democrats will vote to CENSURE Rep. Adam Schiff tomorrow for his brazen and unlawful act of fabricating (making up) a totally phony conversation with the Ukraine President and U.S. President me. Most have never seen such a thing!
If Republicans don't Repeal and Replace the disastrous ObamaCare the repercussions will be far greater than any of them understand!
Congratulations to the Washington Capitals on their GREAT play and winning the Stanley Cup Championship. Alex Ovechkin the team captain was spectacular - a true Superstar! D.C. is popping in many ways. What a time!
.@MittRomney and I are working out a great dinner for someone- I hope it's you! 
With all of the Crooked Hillary Clinton's foreign policy experience she has made so many mistakes - and I mean real monsters! No more HRC.
Report: “ANTI-TRUMP FBI AGENT LED CLINTON EMAIL PROBE”  Now it all starts to make sense!
Entrepreneurs: Ask yourself: What am I pretending not to see? There may be some great opportunities right around you.
Glad to hear @GovChristie will be delivering the Keynote for the @RNC convention. He will deliver a strong message.
Michelle Nunn will be a solid vote for  Obama. She supports ObamaCare &amp; opposes 2nd Amendment. Vote for  @Perduesenate to change things!
President Bashar al-Assad of Syria must not recklessly attack Idlib Province. The Russians and Iranians would be making a grave humanitarian mistake to take part in this potential human tragedy. Hundreds of thousands of people could be killed. Don’t let that happen!
Everyone should watch the documentary ‘Windfall’ on @netflix. See an upstate NY town ruined by environmentalists &amp; windfarms.
We as a country either have borders or we don't. IF WE DON'T HAVE BORDERS WE DON'T HAVE A COUNTRY!
Will be on @jimmykimmel in 20 minutes on @ABC. #Kimmel #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
In order to be successful especially to be very successful you must have the ability to be able to handle pressure!
The New York Times will be out of business soon after I leave office hopefully in 6 years. They have Zero credibility and are losing a fortune even now especially after their massive unfunded liability. I’m fairly certain they’ll endorse me just to keep it all going!
We know who did the hoax of James Gandolfini and ObamaCare. Be careful Mister.
The noble people of Iran—who love America—deserve a government that's more interested in helping them achieve their dreams than killing them for demanding respect. Instead of leading Iran toward ruin its leaders should abandon terror and Make Iran Great Again! 
....My only question is who is our bigger enemy Jay Powel or Chairman Xi?
With taxes set to go up and Obama about to cut the mortgage deduction now is the time to buy a house if you can.  Can get a great deal.
Campaigning to win the Electoral College is much more difficult &amp; sophisticated than the popular vote. Hillary focused on the wrong states!
Not only did the $1B ObamaCare website not work it can’t even protect your personal information  A disaster.
.@IsraeliPM @netanyahu delivered an excellent speech yesterday at the UN. Too bad @AmbassadorRice wasn't there.
Join me in Carmel Indiana- tomorrow at 4pm! #INPrimary  
Congratulations to @arsenioofficial on his new late night show! He will do really well. (It pays to win #CelebrityApprentice)
For decades the @CDCgov looked at and studied  its testing system but did nothing about it. It would always be inadequate and slow for a large scale pandemic but a pandemic would never happen they hoped. President Obama made changes that only complicated things further.....
China's business interests reach far and wide---even domestically within our borders. We need to reassess our relationship.
Thanks to our pro-worker pro-American economic policies unemployment is at the lowest level in more than 50 years. We have created over 7 MILLION new JOBS. More Americans are working today than EVER before. We have the hottest ECONOMY on earth! 
Taken during the Obama Administration (despite $150 Billion gift) returned during the Trump Administration. Thank you to Iran on a very fair negotiation. See we can make a deal together! 
Insurance companies are fleeing ObamaCare - it is dead. Our healthcare plan will lower premiums &amp; deductibles - and be great healthcare!
Will be heading to one of my favorite places South Carolina to fight for one of my original “fighters” Governor Henry McMaster. Speaking at 7:00 P.M.
My Administration will continue to work around the clock with Governor @RicardoRossello &amp; his team. Great progress being made! #PRStrong🇵🇷 
Incompetent @RichLowry lost it tonight on @FoxNews. He should not be allowed on TV and the FCC should fine him!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING your Country is starting to do really well. Jobs coming back highest Stock Market EVER Military getting really strong we will build the WALL V.A. taking care of our Vets great Supreme Court Justice RECORD CUT IN REGS lowest unemployment in 17 years....!
I just cannot state strongly enough how totally dishonest much of the Media is. Truth doesn’t matter to them they only have their hatred &amp; agenda. This includes fake books which come out about me all the time always anonymous sources and are pure fiction. Enemy of the People!
Iran’s nuclear program must be stopped – by any and all means necessary.
We must end the Opioid Crisis. Do your part today by participating in prescription drug #TakeBackDay at over 4000 locations across the Country!  
#TrumpVlog @Rosie needs to rest and relax. It's not working. 
GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.! #
One of the reasons that Fake News has become so prevalent &amp; far reaching is the fact that corrupt “journalists” base their stories on SOURCES that they make up in order to totally distort a narrative or story. When you see “five sources say” don’t believe the story it is....
Autism rates through the roof--why doesn't the Obama administration do something about doctor-inflicted autism. We lose nothing to try.
There is a Revolution going on in California. Soooo many Sanctuary areas want OUT of this ridiculous crime infested &amp; breeding concept. Jerry Brown is trying to back out of the National Guard at the Border but the people of the State are not happy. Want Security &amp; Safety NOW!
The four hospitals that we (FEMA) are building in NYC at the Javits Convention Center are moving along very well ahead of schedule. Many additional ventilators also delivered. Good conversation with Governor Cuomo!

ISIS is advancing even against Obama’s airstrikes. Obama is disengaged and making the Middle East even more dangerous.
I am in Iowa watching all of these phony T.V. ads by the other candidates. All bull politicians are all talk and no action-it won't happen!
Thank you to @OANN for the absolutely incredible Special Report narrated by @PearsonSharp. Seldom do the American people get to see journalistic work of this quality. Now it would be great if the legitimate sections of law enforcement would study your SMEARS SPIES AND LIES....
I was just told by one of the top @PGATOUR players that my golf courses are the most elite in the country. Very nice compliment--I agree.
Pleased to report that the American tourist and tour guide that were abducted in Uganda have been released. God bless them and their families!
Russia vows to shoot down any and all missiles fired at Syria. Get ready Russia  because they will be coming nice and new and “smart!” You shouldn’t be partners with a Gas Killing Animal who kills his people and enjoys it!
Thank you Tennessee - I love you! 
One of the reasons I am no fan of John McCain is that our Vets are being treated so badly by him and the politicians. I will fix VA quickly.
“Learn know and show. It’s a proven formula. Put it to use starting today.” – Think Like a Champion
“This ridiculous Impeachment is a travesty it’s not an inquiry. Just read the transcript.” @LouDobbs
He @MittRomney wrote a great piece on China  @JonHuntsman criticized him  (cont) 
Obama thinks he can just laugh off the fact that he refuses to release his records to the American public. He can't.
Does anyone really believe that President Obama found out about Petraeus immediately after the election?
Dow S&amp;P 500 and Nasdaq all finished the day at new RECORD HIGHS! 
If Jeb Bush were more competent he could not have lost the skirmish with Marco in the debate. BAD facts for Marco if properly delivered!
President Obama please take the $5M check for charity tomorrow. It is so easy and could do so much good!
Only the Fake News Media and Trump enemies want me to stop using Social Media (110 million people). Only way for me to get the truth out!
Our deficits are caused by runaway spending not inadequate taxing. Washington does not have a revenue problem.
GREAT progress on the Border Wall! 
Will be on @ABC News tonight at 6:30. Interviewed by the legendary @BarbaraJWalters! Enjoy
I did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again?
Congress was elected last November to reign Obama in not to give him ‘fast track’ authority for bad trade deals for the American worker!
One of the most expensive projects ever in Miami @TrumpDoral’s $200M of renovations are right on schedule. When completed will be elite!
Texas &amp; Louisiana: We are w/ you today we are w/ you tomorrow &amp; we will be w/ you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER to restore recover &amp; REBUILD! 
Another false story this time in the Failing @nytimes that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day - Wrong!  Also I seldom if ever watch CNN or MSNBC both of which I consider Fake News. I never watch Don Lemon who I once called the “dumbest man on television!” Bad Reporting.
“Go for the jugular so that people watching will not want to mess with you.” – Think Big
Louisiana 3 hours left get out and Vote for @EddieRispone for Governor. Lower taxes and much more!
.@Cher attacked @MittRomney. She is an average talent who is out of touch with reality. Like @Rosie O'Donnell a total loser!
Thank you John! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street lobbyists and special interests. She will sell our country down the tubes!
We had a GREAT year @Macys with ties shirts and suits thanks!  New selections just arrived - they are amazing!
My @foxandfriends interview discussing @newsday’s endorsement of @MittRomney tomorrow's election and Sandy's victims 
Obama sadly has no business or private sector background---and it shows.
In the ultimate act of moral cowardice not one Democrat Candidate for president - not a single one - has stood up to defend the incredible men and women of ICE and Border Patrol. They don’t have the character the virtue or the spine! #Trump2020 
I will be interviewed on @megynkelly's The Kelly File tonight. Be sure to watch on  @FoxNews!
Do you notice that the polling establishment doesn't put me in polls but put in folks who hardly register. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you to the BRAVE servicemen &amp; women who have served and continue to serve the United States- our true HEROES… 
Thank you Jonathan. Greatly appreciated! 
The Democrats are doing nothing on the Border to address the Humanitarian and National Security Crisis! Could be fixed so easily if they would vote with Republicans to fix the loopholes.
Don Lemon the dumbest man on television (with terrible ratings!). 
Congratulations to @FLGovScott on winning access to federal database   He is making FL a safe &amp; legal election for 2012
The failing @nytimes wrote yet another hit piece on me. All are impressed with how nicely I have treated women they found nothing. A joke!
The Republican Party had a great night. Tremendous voter energy and excitement and all candidates are those who have a great chance of winning in November. The Economy is sooo strong and with Nancy Pelosi wanting to end the big Tax Cuts and Raise Taxes why wouldn’t we win?
“Don’t let the fear of striking out hold you back.” – Babe Ruth
Achievers go for the challenge so the next deal is what they're thinking about. They have an obligation to best themselves.
Wow a really great review of my golf club in Scotland @TrumpScotland in todaysgolferco.uk. Thank you! 
....This was a real compromise in order to give another big victory to our Great Military and Vets!
The Eric Trump Foundation Golf Invitational benefiting St. Jude Children's Research Hospital is today--and i… (cont) 
Another solar company @BarackObama funded with our money has filed for bankruptcy   One (cont) 
Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Vancouver will be a fantastic addition to a spectacular city. 
My @extratv interview discussing @Rosie's new baby my acceptance of @billmaher's $5M offer &amp; hiring @_KatherineWebb 
Me voting--- it really is my hair! 
Also tomorrow night I will be going to Boone and Ames. Really look forward to seeing all of my friends in Iowa.
“The longer you play the better chance the better player has of winning.” - @jacknicklaus
Snowden if you’re such a hero then come back home and face justice.  In reality you are just another wiseguy traitor.
Henry Ford would be very disappointed if he saw his modern-day descendants wanting to build a much more expensive car that is far less safe and doesn’t work as well because execs don’t want to fight California regulators. Car companies should know....
Even Barbara Bush agrees with me- 
Think BIG! You are going to be thinking anyway so you might as well  think BIG!
. @BarbaraJWalters made a great decision in firing @JoyVBehar from @theviewtv. The show will be better without her!
I hope the Republicans are happy.  Just as I predicted that stupid deal they voted for only whetted Obama’s appetite for more taxes.
A wonderful story on Iowa voters by @arappeport of the @NYTimes. 
CNBC poll: Trump won #GOPDebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016  
“All they do is bring up witnesses who didn’t witness anything.” @KatrinaPierson @SteveHiltonx  Nothing matters except the two transcripts of the presidential calls and the statement of no pressure put out by Ukraine!
Get ready for some excitement--the live finale of the Celebrity Apprentice is on this Sunday night --don't miss it!  
The Impeachment Witch Hunt should be over with the statement made last night by the President and Foreign Minister of Ukraine. Nervous Nancy Pelosi who should be home cleaning up the dangerous &amp; disgusting Slum she is making of her District in San Francisco where even the......
Thank you Dr. Hahn &amp; the FDA for your fast approval of this respected Ohio company recommended by Governor @MikeDeWine. Great potential! 
Mitt did the right thing—not because he had to-- but because he never would have been given a second chance after his first fiasco
I will be on @LateNightJimmy tonight.  Always have a good time with @jimmyfallon.  Now we know he will get high ratings tonight.
So much Fake News. Never been more voluminous or more inaccurate. But through it all our country is doing great!
CONGRATULATIONS to @EricTrump and @LaraLeaTrump on the great news. So proud!
We are going to make our country so strong again so great again. No more ripping off the United States. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Departing for Texas and Louisiana with @FLOTUS Melania right now @JBA_NAFW. We will see you soon. America is with you! 
You don’t hand matches to an arsonist and you don’t give power to an angry left-wing mob. Democrats have become too EXTREME and TOO DANGEROUS to govern. Republicans believe in the rule of law - not the rule of the mob. VOTE REPUBLICAN!
“Anti-Trump Network @CNN doing whatever it can to stoke a national Coronavirus panic. The far left Network pretty much ignoring anyone who they interview who doesn’t blame President Trump.” @trish_regan @FoxNews Media refuses to discuss the great job our professionals are doing!
.@MarkBurnettTV called to say that there are NO TAPES of the Apprentice where I used such a terrible and disgusting word as attributed by Wacky and Deranged Omarosa. I don’t have that word in my vocabulary and never have. She made it up. Look at her MANY recent quotes saying....
Remember this Sunday I am also featured on @datelinenbc at 8PM right before the premiere of All-Star @CelebApprentice @nbc likes me!
I don't care what people say I like Tom Cruise. He works his ass off and never ever quits. He's one of the few true movie stars.
I thought I was being nice to somebody re their parents. I guess this teaches you not to be nice or trusting. Sad!
Remember I was the one who said attack the oil (ISIS source of wealth) a long time ago. Everyone scoffed now they're attacking the oil.
Thank you Kanye very cool! 
I've realized that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less.
Once again @Cher tweets nonsense about @MittRomney. She needs to stop tweeting &amp; start worrying about some of her many problems.
.@RepMcClintock  Thank you Tom. Great interview on @TeamCavuto! @FoxNews
....They want ZERO transparency thinking the world will not find out the death and tragedy that the Iranian Regime is causing!
Via @limbaugh: “Trump Doubled Down -- and It Worked” 
This is a very important time in our country. Due Process Fairness and Common Sense are now on trial!
.@FoxNews is at it again. So different from what they used to be during the 2016 Primaries &amp; before - Proud Warriors! Now new Fox Polls which have always been terrible to me (they had me losing BIG to Crooked Hillary) have me down to Sleepy Joe. Even considering.....
Join me Monday in Columbus Ohio &amp; Harrisburg Pennsylvania! #MAGA3pm in OH:  in PA: 
Yesterday in Iowa was amazing - two speeches in front of two great sold out crowds. They love that I am the only candidate self-funding!
“In 22 years of patrolling our Southern Border I have never seen Mexico act like a true Border Security Partner until President Trump got involved and now they are stepping up to the plate and doing what they need to do.” Brandon Judd National Border Patrol
...considerable aid including money fuel fertilizer and various other commodities. This is not helpful! Nonetheless the President believes that his relationship with Kim Jong Un is a very good and warm one and there is no reason at this time to be spending large amounts...

“Remember that fear can be conquered. Go full throttle and the odds will be on your side.” – Trump Never Give Up
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7. Will be discussing basic stupidity and incompetence of which our "leaders" have plenty!
Wow a blowout JOBS number just out adjusted for revisions and the General Motors strike 303000. This is far greater than expectations. USA ROCKS!
Big response to my Tea Party statement-remember they were never fully energized by Romney campaign and will have far more power with time.
“Former FBI Director James Comey under fire for his testimony acknowledging he knew that the Democrats paid for that phony Trump Dossier.” @LouDobbs  Details on Tuesday night.
Definitely watch @Carl_C_Icahn ‘s ‘Danger Ahead’. Very insightful particularly on how corp inversions hurt America: 
This will be a very interesting day for HealthCare.The Dems are obstructionists but the Republicans can have a great victory for the people!
.@AS_ScienceGuy                     "@realDonaldTrump Thank you for all your support of @autismspeaks Great new breakthroughs." Fantastic!
For the people that are now out of work because of the important and necessary containment policies for instance the shutting down of hotels bars and restaurants money will soon be coming to you. The onslaught of the Chinese Virus is not your fault! Will be stronger than ever!
As I have long been saying South Africa is a total - and very dangerous - mess. Just watch the evening news (when not talking weather).
The outer boroughs of Manhattan are still devasted by Sandy. How would the press cover this if a Republican was President.
GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.! 
Looks to me like it’s going to be SleepyCreepy Joe over Crazy Bernie. Everyone else is fading fast!
Replay of Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Big statement made by Chris!
....Knowing all of this is anybody dumb enough to believe that I would say something inappropriate with a foreign leader while on such a potentially “heavily populated” call. I would only do what is right anyway and only do good for the USA!
The Trump Economy is booming with help of House and Senate GOP. #FarmBill with SNAP work  requirements will bolster farmers and get America back to work. Pass the Farm Bill with SNAP work requirements!
It’s amazing how people can talk about me but I’m not allowed to talk about them.
If the person placed very early into my campaign wasn’t a SPY put there by the previous Administration for political purposes how come such a seemingly massive amount of money was paid for services rendered - many times higher than normal...
“U.S. acted on the Coronavirus very very quickly.” Gordon Chang  @IngrahamAngle
Entrepreneurs: Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. Don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities.
Do you think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal? If she can't win Kentucky she should drop out of race. System rigged!
We’ve just set a new goal: raise $4 million from our grassroots supporters by MIDNIGHT!  
Your higher self is in direct opposition to your comfort zone. --Donald J. Trump 
The homeless situation in Los Angeles San Francisco and many other Democrat Party run cities throughout the Nation is a state and local problem not a federal problem....
I am on @foxandfriends now! Tune in!
#ICYMI: Announcement of Air Traffic Control Initiative Watch➡️
...called “The Case Against Impeaching Trump” which I would encourage all people with Trump Derangement Syndrome to read!
It has been incorrectly reported that Rudy Giuliani and others will not be doing a counter to the Mueller Report. That is Fake News. Already 87 pages done but obviously cannot complete until we see the final Witch Hunt Report.
Bill O'Reilly doing a major special on @OreillyFactor tonight- @FoxNews at 8pmE. Watch it should be good! #Trump2016
Via @BreitbartNews’ @biggovt: “WAR! TRUMP LEVIN PUMMEL ROVE AS CONSERVATIVE BATTLE ESCALATES” 
That said the rich Arab countries should get involved with the Syrian mess not us.We should start rebuilding our own country &amp; military.
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character.-- Albert Einstein
...But most importantly @CNN is bad for the USA. Their International Division spews bad information &amp; Fake News all over the globe. This is why foreign leaders are always asking me “Why does the Media hate the U.S. sooo much?” It is a fraudulent shame &amp; all comes from the top!
Do as I say not as I do.The politicians who passed ObamaCare are now exempting themselves from the monstrosity 
It’s important to listen to what people say. “Horrible” and “disgusting” are the words I used in response to Sterling’s comments.
Here is the video “A Story of Opportunity” that I shared with Kim Jong-un at the #SingaporeSummit➡️ 
Feels good to be home after seven months but the White House is very special there is no place like it... and the U.S. is really my home!
A GREAT DAY IN WISCONSIN!Thank you #Racine &amp; #Wausau! Just arrived in #EauClaire! #Trump2016#WIPrimary #TrumpTrain 
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO EVERYONE INCLUDING THE HATERS AND THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA! 2019 WILL BE A FANTASTIC YEAR FOR THOSE NOT SUFFERING FROM TRUMP DERANGEMENT SYNDROME. JUST CALM DOWN AND ENJOY THE RIDE GREAT THINGS ARE HAPPENING FOR OUR COUNTRY!
My @foxandfriends interview where I discuss @Rosie being canceled yet again and how she just can't make it on TV  
Why are people upset w/ me over Pres Obama’s birth certificate?I got him to release it or whatever it was when nobody else could!
Nobody but Donald Trump will save Israel. You are wasting your time with these politicians and political clowns. Best! #SheldonAdelson
Ted Cruz is falling in the polls. He is nervous. People are worried about his place of birth and his failure to report his loans from banks!
Our Border Laws are very weak while those of Mexico &amp; Canada are very strong. Congress must change these Obama era and other laws NOW! The Democrats stand in our way - they want people to pour into our country unchecked....CRIME! We will be taking strong action today.
Visited some very beautiful golf courses this weekend...this is one...
Former Obama White House economic adviser @Austan_Goolsbee gave his old boss a 'C' on the economy   Pretty generous!
How can Crooked Hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical Islam which horribly oppresses women?
... Time for the Republicans to find someone new—and better.
Congrats to @rushlimbaugh on the release of his new book “Rush Revere and the Brave Pilgrims.” #1 on @amazon and @bnbooks. Must read!
People are loving the new line of Trump ties and shirts at Macy's. Check them out!
.@politico has no power  but so dishonest!
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party A Record. Thank You!
Just arrived in West Virginia for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally in Huntington at 7:00pmE. Massive crowd expected - tune in! #MAGA🇺🇸
...very common among celebrities and people of wealth. In this case it is in full force and effect and will be used in Arbitration for damages against Ms. Clifford (Daniels). The agreement was used to stop the false and extortionist accusations made by her about an affair......
Wow NFL first game ratings are way down over an already really bad last year comparison. Viewership declined 13% the lowest in over a decade. If the players stood proudly for our Flag and Anthem and it is all shown on broadcast maybe ratings could come back? Otherwise worse!
Thank you to Congressman Tom Reed of New York for your wonderful comments on our great new Trade Deal with Mexico and Canada the USMCA. I have long ago given you my Full Endorsement and for good reason. Keep up the Great Work! @Varneyco
Remember--the worst thing you can do in a negotiation is seem desperate to make the deal.
My @SquawkCNBC interview from this morning discussing the price of oil windfarmsDoral Hotel & Country Club and more...
I can't wait to read this...RT @Newsmax_Media: SEAL Book Explodes Obama Furious 
It's amazing how different all of the polling results are--not an exact science.
We continue to monitor the terrible events at Saugus High School in Santa Clarita California through our ongoing communications with Local State and Federal Authorities....
Our great Congressman Gohmert is a TRUE patriot fighting back against people that must hate our Country! 
of position." Then separately she stated "He said something truly horrifying ... he refused to say that he would respect the results of --
Obama projected a 2012 budget deficit of $557B.  It is actually double that at $1.1T   We can't afford four more years.
The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic. We must come together to make America safe again.
CRIPPLED AMERICA is perfect gift for friends &amp; family. Order signed copy &amp; join me tonite live streaming 7:30     
THANK YOU @MayorGimenez for following the RULE OF LAW! Sanctuary cities make our country LESS SAFE! Full remarks:  
I got George Zimmerman right- watch- 
.@60Minutes “forgot” to report that we are helping the great farmers of the USA to the tune of 28 Billion Dollars for the last two years paid for out of Tariffs paid to the United States by China for targeting the farmer. They devalued their currency therefore paying the cost!
Thanks Ari! 
In politics and in life ignorance is not a virtue. This is a primary reason that President Obama is the worst president in U.S. history!
Early on Ted Cruz said that if he didn't win South Carolina it's over. He didn't win- and lost to me in a landslide!
“Give Up Trump-Haters” 
Miss Universe 2012 Pageant will be airing live on @nbc &amp; @Telemundo december 19th. Open invite stands for Robert Pattinson.
Product integration is very important. #CelebApprentice
Don’t miss our GREAT @FLOTUS Melania on @ABC @ABC2020 tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy!
Check out the last webisode in our 3 part series featuring me with Serta. Which one was your favorite?  www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta
My speech at @AmSpec Bartlet Gala Dinner where I received @boonepickens Entrepreneur Award 
Thank you @foxandfriends and @RepMarkMeadows. Great interview!
Develop your gut instincts and act on them. You will have your biggest successes when you go with your gut--but be very smart &amp; careful.
Thank you very much. Working hard! 
My daughter Ivanka did great tonight in New Hampshire. The sold out crowd loved her and she loved them. Thanks Ivanka!
.@FoxNews has been treating me very unfairly &amp; I have therefore decided that I won't be doing any more Fox shows for the foreseeable future.
We have many problems in our house (country!) and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.....would order a new trial I’m not so sure about Judge Jackson I don’t know.” @Judgenap (Andrew Napolitano) @foxandfriends
More on Benghazi cover up: “ATTORNEY FOR WHISTLEBLOWER: 400 U.S. MISSILES STOLEN IN BENGHAZI”   Really bad.
My meeting in Argentina with President Xi of China was an extraordinary one. Relations with China have taken a BIG leap forward! Very good things will happen. We are dealing from great strength but China likewise has much to gain if and when a deal is completed. Level the field!
Too busy playing golf? @BarackObama sends form letters with an electronic  signature to the parents of fallen SEALs   
Our spa @TrumpSoHo gets a nice write-up in @DETAILS: #gotmilk
I am increasingly concerned with the UN's ploy against @Israel this coming week and will monitor all events closely from Australia.
Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!
.@EricTrump- unbelievable job on #FoxNews with @greta. That was better than I could do! #Trump2016
SHOCK - @BarackObama's people are sending paid political organizers to heckle at @MittRomney events 
100% Republican Vote. That’s what people are talking about. The Republicans are united like never before!
The Federal deficit crossed $15Trillion 100% of our GDP. Yet the Super Committee can't find $1.2Trillion i… (cont) 
What will happen to Omarosa tonight? One of our all time great episodes!
We have today informed the countries of Honduras Guatemala and El Salvador that if they allow their citizens or others to journey through their borders and up to the United States with the intention of entering our country illegally all payments made to them will STOP (END)!
I am impressed with how clearly @PaulRyanVP explains the challenges we face and the solutions @MittRomney will bring as President.
I know President Xi of China very well. He is a great leader who very much has the respect of his people. He is also a good man in a “tough business.” I have ZERO doubt that if President Xi wants to quickly and humanely solve the Hong Kong problem he can do it. Personal meeting?
In the “old days” if you were President and you had a good economy you were basically immune from criticism. Remember “It’s the economy stupid.” Today I have as President perhaps the greatest economy in history...and to the Mainstream Media it means NOTHING. But it will!
Seems totally ridiculous that our government and indeed Country cannot ask a basic question of Citizenship in a very expensive detailed and important Census in this case for 2020. I have asked the lawyers if they can delay the Census no matter how long until the.....
A great honor to visit the 9/11 Memorial Museum with my wife @MELANIATRUMP today. #NewYorkValues 
Not only does Obama spy on German leaders he criticizes their trade surplus  We should have a trade surplus!
Tariffs are the greatest! Either a country which has treated the United States unfairly on Trade negotiates a fair deal or it gets hit with Tariffs. It’s as simple as that - and everybody’s talking! Remember we are the “piggy bank” that’s being robbed. All will be Great!
Steyer is a major loser. Just doesn’t get it. This is second time with Bernie! 
The Amazon Washington Post has gone crazy against me ever since they lost the Internet Tax Case in the U.S. Supreme Court two months ago. Next up is the U.S. Post Office which they use at a fraction of real cost as their “delivery boy” for a BIG percentage of their packages....
Entrepreneurs:  Have your own vision and stick with it. Don’t be afraid to be unique. Don’t tread water--get out there and go for it.
Amtrak crash near Philadelphia train derails -many hurt some badly. Our country has horrible infrastructure problems. Pols can't solve!
Petraeus is already negotiating a book deal.    Smart.  Always negotiate when you are a hot commodity!
Correct! 
SEE YOU IN COURT THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!
“Apparently the DOJ put a Spy in the Trump Campaign. This has never been done before and by any means necessary they are out to frame Donald Trump for crimes he didn’t commit.”  David Asman  @LouDobbs @GreggJarrett   Really bad stuff!
Thank you Lara and Jessie Jane! 
Avenatti is a third rate lawyer who is good at making false accusations like he did on me and like he is now doing on Judge Brett Kavanaugh. He is just looking for attention and doesn’t want people to look at his past record and relationships - a total low-life!
I have accepted the resignation of Scott Pruitt as the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. Within the Agency Scott has done an outstanding job and I will always be thankful to him for this. The Senate confirmed Deputy at EPA Andrew Wheeler will...
Whose artwork was your favorite— and what team do you think will win? #CelebApprentice
Crooked Hillary's V.P. pick said this morning that I was not aware that Russia took over Crimea. A total lie - and taken over during O term!
Great day of meetings with Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan! 
Good--@marcorubio is trying to eliminate the tax on Olympic medals   Our athletes should not be taxed on their wins.
Scotland is beautiful and Trump Internatonal Golf Links-Scotland is progressing beautifully as well.  
....product and goods to China and other countries. That’s what trade is all about. We don’t want to make it impossible to do business with us. That will only mean that orders will go to someplace else. As an example I want China to buy our jet engines the best in the World....
HAPPY PRESIDENT’S DAY!
Is corrupt Bloomberg News going to say what a pathetic debater Mini Mike is that he doesn’t respect our great farmers or that he has violated campaign finance laws at the highest and most sinister level with “payoffs” all over the place?
No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes.
.@RepCummings — your district! 
Mobile Alabama today at 3:00 P.M. Last rally of the year - "THANK YOU ALABAMA AND THE SOUTH" Biggest of all crowds expected see you there!
The New York Times and a third rate reporter named Maggie Haberman known as a Crooked H flunkie who I don’t speak to and have nothing to do with are going out of their way to destroy Michael Cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will “flip.” They use....
I was sorry to decline headlining the Reagan Dinner last Saturday due to a prior business commitment. Pres. Reagan was one of the greats.
As I have always said let ObamaCare fail and then come together and do a great healthcare plan. Stay tuned!
I will be interviewed on @seanhannity at 9:00 PM.  In 5 minutes - Enjoy!
Did China ask us if it was OK to devalue their currency (making it hard for our companies to compete) heavily tax our products going into..
By the way folks @billmaher is not a smart guy (just look at his past)—he just pretends he is!
'Majority in Leading EU Nations Support Trump-Style Travel Ban' Poll of more than 10000 people in 10 countries...
Jeb is spending millions of dollars on “hit” ads funded by lobbyists &amp; special interests. Bad system.
Trump International Golf Links and Hotel Ireland is located on the Atlantic Ocean in County Clare. Spectacular! 
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT MIKE PENCE “DOMINATING” THE DEBATE: #VPDebate
The Fed should not bail out the EU.  Europe's financial mess is their problem not our problem!
.@mcuban When Apprentice became the #1 show on tv you tried copying me with The Benefactor- a complete and total ratings disaster for @ABC.
Crazy @megynkelly supposedly had lyin' Ted Cruz on her show last night. Ted is desperate and his lying is getting worse. Ted can't win!
If the Fed had done its job properly which it has not the Stock Market would have been up 5000 to 10000 additional points and GDP would have been well  over 4% instead of 3%...with almost no inflation. Quantitative tightening was a killer should have done the exact opposite!
Afghanistan leaders want the U.S. to keep 20 000 troops there for many more years fully paid for by the U.S. but first they want apology.
Sadly I will no longer be doing @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. on Mondays. This is because I am running for president and law prohibits. LOVE!
If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words I say I would be beating Hillary by 20%
I am in Indiana where we just had a great rally. Fantastic people! Staying at a Holiday Inn Express - new and clean not bad!
I don’t like bullies.  I am not going to stand around and watch @KarlRove target the Tea Party.  Karl Rove gave us Barack Obama. Loser.
We should immediately pass Voter ID @Voteridplease to insure the safety and sanctity of our voting system. Also Paper Ballots as backup (old fashioned but true!). Thank you!
Top suspect in Paris massacre Salah Abdeslam who also knew of the Brussels attack is no longer talking. Weak leaders ridiculous laws!
The great Democrat disgrace. But we are winning! 

Congratulations to Andrew Gillum on having run a really tough and competitive race for Governor of the Great State of Florida. He will be a strong Democrat warrior long into the future - a force to reckon with!
At the request of many- I will be doing live tweets during the next presidential debate.
I am in Iowa today great STATE fantastic PEOPLE! Many speeches big crowds - all sold out! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I never said anything bad about Andrew McCabe’s wife other than she (they) should not have taken large amounts of campaign money from a Crooked Hillary source when Clinton was under investigation by the FBI. I never called his wife a loser to him (another McCabe made up lie)!
Where’s the Fake Whistleblower?
...buy agricultural product from the U.S. in large quantities but did not do so. Additionally my friend President Xi said that he would stop the sale of Fentanyl to the United States – this never happened and many Americans continue to die! Trade talks are continuing and...
Adam Moss editor in chief of @NYMag is quickly losing his reputation in that @NYMag has become so boring and so irrelevant.
I am the only one who can fix this. Very sad. Will not happen under my watch! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
....rid of Donald J. Trump - And the Democrats don’t care if they burn down and destroy this nation in the process. I have never seen the Evangelical Christians more angry over any issue than this attempt to illegitimately remove this President from office overturn the 2016....
People are always asking me about the very special word CONFIDENCE. The fact is there is (almost) nothing like it. Is derived from winning!
The country of Georgia is a small wonder. Performing well economically under the leadership of @SaakashviliM. A great American ally.
Cryin Chuck told his favorite lie when he used his standard sound bite that I “slammed the table &amp; walked out of the room. He had a temper tantrum.” Because I knew he would say that and after Nancy said no to proper Border Security I politely said bye-bye and left no slamming!
The White House has just admitted Al Qaeda was involved in Benghazi  What about the video tape?
Pres. Obama’s steady support of @Israel throughout this crisis helped stop the war.  He did a good job.
Trump approval rebounds to 45% surges among Hispanics union homes men 
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
Wow I am ahead of the field with Evangelicals (am so proud of this) and virtually every other group and Ben Carson just took a swipe at me
Joe Biden called America "the Problem" vis a vis Iran   He never wastes an opportunity to say something stupid.@JoeBiden
Great meeting with CEOs of leading U.S. health insurance companies who provide great healthcare to the American peo… 
Take the time to be thorough in whatever you undertake. Remain open to new ideas. Remain fluid not fixed in your expectations.
Great @foxbusiness interview with @EricTrump on @TeamCavuto discussing the real estate economy &amp; 2016 
Former President Vicente Fox who is railing against my visit to Mexico today also invited me when he apologized for using the "f bomb."
The so-called bipartisan DACA deal presented yesterday to myself and a group of Republican Senators and Congressmen was a big step backwards. Wall was not properly funded Chain &amp; Lottery were made worse and USA would be forced to take large numbers of people from high crime.....
GOPers eye Donald Trump for governor run  via @nypost by @fud31
.@EWErickson got fired like a dog from RedStateand now he is the one leading opposition against me.
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something sometime in your life. --  Winston Churchill
This is one of the COLDEST WINTERS ever freezing all over the country for long periods of time! So much for GLOBAL WARMING.
President Xi of China has stated that he is upping the sanctions against #NoKo. Said he wants them to denuclearize. Progress is being made.
If ObamaCare is so amazing then why is Obama delaying significant parts of the bill before the election? #MakeDCListen
I had an excellent telephone conversation with Andrés Manuel López Obrador President of Mexico talking about Southern Border Security and various other things of mutual interest for the people of our respective countries....
Censure (at least) Corrupt Adam Schiff! After what he got caught doing any pol who does not so vote cannot be honest....are you listening Dems?
President Obama was terrible on @60Minutes tonight. He said CLIMATE CHANGE is the most important thing not all of the current disasters!
Big story. Hope Fake News covers it! 
“If you have a crisis whether on a ship or wherever there are heroes who rise above it.” - Jerry Bruckheimer
“Based on the things I’ve seen the Democrats have no case or a weak case at best. I don’t think there are or will be well founded articles of Impeachment here.” Robert Wray respected former prosecutor. It is a phony scam by the Do Nothing Dems! @foxandfriends
Senator Luther Strange has gone up a lot in the polls since I endorsed him a month ago. Now a close runoff. He will be great in D.C.
My honor. 
Crude is at $85 right now – isn’t even worth half that. OPEC is ripping us off.
Thank you Vermont! #VoteTrumpVT 
A-Rod is now being investigated for continued doping  @yankees have a great opportunity to dump him now.  Go for it!
The Iranians are sure happy with Obama’s nomination of Hagel.  Already praising Hagel as ‘Anti-Israel’ 
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. -- Albert Einstein
Just landed in Pennsylvania. Looking forward to making a speech on energy. So important!
“Bruce Ohr of DOJ is in legal jeopardy it’s astonishingthat he’s still employed. Bruce &amp; Nelly Ohr’s bank account is getting fatter &amp; fatter because of the Dossier that they are both peddling. He doesn’t disclose it under Fed Regs. Using your Federal office for personal.......
expensive mistake! THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS
.@FoxNews treats me so badly. Using old Quinnipiac Poll where I have a much smaller lead than the just out @CNN Poll. All negative!
We are not in a trade war with China that war was lost many years ago by the foolish or incompetent people who represented the U.S. Now we have a Trade Deficit of $500 Billion a year with Intellectual Property Theft of another $300 Billion. We cannot let this continue!
Congrats to Team USA &amp; Capt. @AllenWronowski for retaining the PGA Cup! Well done and well deserved!
.@BarackObama economic gloom: jobless claims have surged  while factory activity is (cont) 
To every action there is always opposed an equal reaction. --Isaac Newton

“TRUMP HITS BACK AT CHRIS MATTHEWS’ BIRTHER RANT: ‘HE USED TO BE A MUCH MORE INTELLIGENT MAN’"   @MadeleineBlaze
...differences they will be resolved in time by President Trump and China’s great President Xi Jinping. Their relationship and bond remain very strong.
As long as we open our eyes to God’s grace - and open our hearts to God’s love - then America will forever be the land of the free the home of the brave and a light unto all nations. #NationalPrayerBreakfast 
Thank you for such a beautiful welcome Hawaii. My great honor to visit @PacificCommand upon arrival. Heading to Pearl Harbor w/ @FLOTUS now. 
So @donnabrazile gives Crooked Hillary the Questions and now she’s on @FoxNews!
Former Navy SEAL Questions @BarackObama's 
I’ve sent a 10-wheeler filled with 358 master cases of food and supplies to my hometown of Queens today #TrumpCares
Donald Trump Returns For 'All-Star Celebrity Apprentice'  via @HuffPostTV
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families and loved ones of the brave troops lost in the helicopter crash on the Iraq-Syria border yesterday. Their sacrifice in service to our country will never be forgotten.
I hear this moron @billmaher said nasty things about me (hair etc—boring) on the terminated @jayleno show. Stupid guy/bad ratings!
DRAIN THE SWAMP! 
The polling numbers show a close race. @MittRomney needs all of our support.
Doing really well! 
Heading to Jamestown Virginia. Word is the Democrats will make it as uncomfortable as possible but that’s ok because today is not about them!
Sleepy Joe Biden was in charge of the H1N1 Swine Flu epidemic which killed thousands of people. The response was one of the worst on record. Our response is one of the best with fast action of border closings &amp; a 78% Approval Rating the highest on record. His was lowest!
A great day in both Spencer &amp; Davenport Iowa! THANK YOU for the support! #Trump2016 #FITN #IAPolitics 
Thank you Nevada! #AmericaFirst#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
I will make our Military so big powerful &amp; strong that no one will mess with us. #Trump2016  
He is out of real solutions--@BarackObama's job bill is nothing more than a tax increase.
Congratulations to @foxandfriends on its unbelievable ratings hike.
After 5 SB victories since 2002 it was my honor to give Bob Kraft Coach Belichick and the players their first to… 
Now a small country like Sudan tells Obama he can't send any more Marines    We are a laughing stock.
I am in Virginia @RegentU Presidential forum with Dr. Pat Robertson- beginning now! Watch here: 
Fake @NBCNews made up a story that I wanted a "tenfold" increase in our U.S. nuclear arsenal. Pure fiction made up to demean. NBC = CNN!
Check @billmaher’s background &amp; you will find he is not a smart guy—he just wants people to think he is--just call him dummy.
I want talented people to come into this country—to work hard and to become citizens. Silicon Valley needs engineers etc.
If Alison Grimes can’t admit she voted for Obama even if she is embarrassed then you can’t trust her! Vote @Team_Mitch!
Former FBI top lawyer James Baker just admitted involvement in FISA Warrant and further admitted there  were IRREGULARITIES in the way the Russia probe was handled. They relied heavily on the unverified Trump “Dossier” paid for by the DNC &amp; Clinton Campaign &amp; funded through a...
Bob Hugin successful all of his life would be a Great Senator from New Jersey. He has my complete and total Endorsement! Get out and Vote for Bob.
FoxNewsInsider with comments on my speech at CPAC in Washington DC 
Entrepreneurs:  Be totally focused. Know everything you can about what you're doing. Give your work 100% of your concentrated effort.
When I took the Oath of Office.... 
A day after @BarackObama released a trillion dollar budget deficit he is hosting China's future leader VP XiJinping. America's new reality.
I am working hard even on Thanksgiving trying to get Carrier A.C. Company to stay in the U.S. (Indiana). MAKING PROGRESS - Will know soon!
Good news is Melania's speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press!
...Looks to be a Cat. 3 which is even more intense than Florence. Good news is the folks in the Pan Handle can take care of anything. @FEMA and First Responders are ready - be prepared! #HurricaneMichael
Very good meeting on the Middle East the Military and Trade. Heading back to The Southern White House (Mar-a-Lago!). Updates throughout the day.
“Nancy Pelosi should not be out there doing the kinds of things she is doing. She will diminish herself and her membership. She cannot put a subject with a predicate in the same sentence. What’s going on?”  Ed Rollins  @GreggJarrett  @LouDobbs
America First!
Only reason the hacking of the poorly defended DNC is discussed is that the loss by the Dems was so big that they are totally embarrassed!
Ask yourself: "What can I learn today that I didn't know before?" Always be a student always be open to new ideas.
Wow a really nice lead in New Hampshire--- an increase since my last poll! 
At some point the Fake News will be forced to discuss our great jobs numbers strong economy success with ISIS the border &amp; so much else!
Nobody is watching @Morning_Joe anymore. Gone off the deep end - bad ratings. You won't believe what I am watching now!
Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs.
Looking forward to attending the GREAT Rev. @BillyGraham’s birthday party tonight--there's nobody like him!
Some dope said I deleted a tweet about James G. There was no tweet and there was no delete-a totally fabricated story (nobody saw tweet).
Today our entire nation pauses to REMEMBER PEARL HARBOR—and the brave warriors who on that day stood tall and fought for America. God Bless our HEROES who wear the uniform and God Bless the United States of America. #PearlHarborRemembranceDay🇺🇸 
My friend @eminofficial was fantastic on the @TODAYshow this morning—a star!
For all of the morons who have been complaining about my comment on sexual assault &amp; rape in the military (cont) 
Thank you @elvisduran for dedicating your birthday today to the @EricTrumpFdn for @StJude! Click here to donate: 
We must immediately stop all air traffic coming from the Ebola infected areas of Africa—before it is too late.
Bayer AG has pledged to add U.S. jobs and investments after meeting with President-elect Donald Trump the latest in a string... @WSJ
A lot of very good people were taken down by a small group of Dirty (Filthy) Cops politicians government officials and an investigation that was illegally started &amp; that SPIED on my campaign. The Witch Hunt is sputtering badly but still going on (Ukraine Hoax!). If this....
See dummy Danny Zuker who I never heard until this started something that he couldn't finish-gutless and unwilling to take my bet!
New The Next Generation videos @donaldjtrumpjr-  @ivankatrump-  @erictrump- 
Sure--@BarackObama's literary agent claims the 1991 booklet was a 'mistake'  Pretty convenient.
A $1.5B website that can only handle 50K users at a time is sad but no surprise!
To put on your calendar for May: Miss USA 2010 live from Las Vegas on May 16th 7 p.m. ET on NBC. I'll be there--tune in for a great show!
Plans to build wind farm near Trump Turnberry in Scotland have been dropped. GREAT! @GolfDigest  @GolfweekMag @GolfChannel @ESPNGolf
“This President is the most patriotic President I’ve seen in many years. He is going to do what is good for Americans.”  Congressman Brian Babin Texas. Thank you Brian!
Maybe some of the dead voters who helped get President Obama elected can be brought back to life after signing up for ObamaCare.
Tweet me your questions for the next #trumpvlog....
Higher Taxes kill job creation---cut wild government spending and waste.
Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now!  
Today we celebrate the lives and achievements of Americans with Down Syndrome. @VP and I will always stand with these wonderful families and together we will always stand for LIFE! #WorldDownSyndromeDay 
We have appointed 220 Federal Judges and two Supreme Court Justices. PROMISES MADE PROMISES KEPT! 

Via @DMRegister by @AP: “Donald Trump talks economy with Republicans in Davenport” 
Great new book by wonderful and very street smart author Dan Bongino EXONERATED THE FAILED TAKEDOWN OF PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP BY THE SWAMP. Dan hits all of the crooked points of the greatest Witch Hunt in political history. Nevertheless the Scam continues!
Why does @BarackObama continue to defend radical Islam? He is calling the Ft. Hood massacre "workplace violence."
Our big Kentucky Rally on Monday night had a massive impact on all of the races. The increase in Governors race was at least 15 points and maybe 20! Will be in Louisiana for @EddieRispone on Wednesday night. Big Rally!
Drew Peterson a real sleaze just convicted of killing wife. Change the law so he gets death penalty.
.@realDonaldTrump on ISIS&amp;OIL FIELDS! Saying it for years! @AndersonCooper you should acknowledge this! #Trump2016 
A Total Scam by the Do Nothing Democrats. For the good of the Country this Wirch Hunt should end now! 
Time is on your side; things do not continue downward forever. - Think Big
Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Maryland! #VoteTrump 
See you at 7:00 P.M. tonight Phoenix Arizona! #MAGA🇺🇸Tickets:  
....misleading in that I personally spent only a small fraction of that time doing interviews. I do have a few other things to do you know!). Think I will do many more Network Interviews as I did in 2016 in order to get the word out that no President has done what I have in...
Watching @CNN and consider @secupp to be one of the least talented people on television. Boring and biased!
See my picks at @Fund_Anything at   and giving away money!!! #FundAnything
Why does a failed magazine like @Forbes constantly seek out trivial nonsense? Their circulation way down. @Clare_OC
To aspiring entrepreneurs:  Trust your instincts. They are there for a reason.
Read Donald Trump's Top Ten Tips for Success: 
We agree @POTUS-"SHE'LL (Hillary Clinton) SAY ANYTHING &amp; CHANGE NOTHING. IT'S TIME TO TURN THE PAGE" -President Obama
I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted no energy left!
New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies and got caught
It is time to take care of OUR COUNTRY to rebuild OUR COMMUNITIES and to protect our GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS! #TaxReform 
Democrats working with Republicans in Congress can fix the Asylum and other loopholes quickly. We have a major National Emergency at our Border. GET IT DONE NOW!
With the record high February gas prices hurting the economy even more reason to start fracking.  Will create jobs &amp; lower prices.
Why has @BarackObama allowed the Muslim Brotherhood to visit the @whitehouse? What Hope &amp; Change!
Big Night In Texas!!!!
Republican Party Favorability is the highest it has been in 7 years - 3 points higher than Democrats!  Gallup
China has been taking out massive amounts of money &amp; wealth from the U.S. in totally one-sided trade but won't help with North Korea. Nice!
True! 
If you're going to be thinking you may as well think big.
....And it will get even better with Tax Cuts! 
Will be making a decision soon on the appointment of new Chief Economic Advisor. Many people wanting the job - will choose wisely!
The Impeachment Hoax just a continuation of the Witch Hunt which started even before I won the Election must end quickly. Read the Transcripts see the Ukrainian President’s strong statement NO PRESSURE - get this done. It is a con game by the Dems to help with the Election!
....trampled on our Constitution and they have done irreparable harm to our Republic. The American people are going to speak up and speak out about this. I think this guarantees Trump’s re-election in 2020.” @Jason_Meister
.@HillaryClinton - ITS CALLED EXTREME VETTING! #Debates2016 
“He who defends everywhere defends nowhere.” – Sun Tzu
To the brave men and women past and present in our armed services- best wishes on Veterans Day.
In November I think the people of Ohio will remember that the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of going to another state. Jobs!
It was recently reported that 3rd rate $ losing @Politico is a foil for the Clintons. Questions given to Clinton in advance. No credibility.
Today is the day to vote for Brian Kemp. Will be great for Georgia full Endorsement! 
Very little reporting about the GREAT GDP numbers announced yesterday (3.0 despite the big hurricane hits). Best consecutive Q's in years!
About to begin a rally here in Henderson Nevada. New Reuters poll just out- thank you! Join the MOVEMENT:… 
Congratulations to General John Kelly. Today we celebrate his first full year as @WhiteHouse Chief of Staff! 
“$3 billion payoff: 101 utilities cut rates credit GOP tax cuts” 
But maybe my biggest beef with Obama is his view that there's nothing special or exceptional about America. #TimeToGetTough
Fantastic numbers on consumer spending released on Friday. Stock Market hits all time high!
So many stories about me in the @washingtonpost are Fake News. They are as bad as ratings challenged @CNN. Lobbyist for Amazon and taxes?
Remember when Obama promised “you can keep your health care plan?” Not in these 10 states.  Another lie.
Also the more desperate you are to close a deal the less likely it will happen. Stay calm and focused on your ultimate goals. Be smart!
....the health and well-being of American families FIRST. Look forward to signing the final Bill ASAP!
Ted Cruz was born in Canada and was a Canadian citizen until 15 months ago. Lawsuits have just been filed with more to follow. I told you so
.@evaemery Thanks--you sound great!
Spoke to Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe of Sri Lanka this morning to inform him that the United States stands by him and his country in the fight against terrorism. Also expressed condolences on behalf of myself and the People of the United States!
.@BarackObama's dismal job record is reason alone that he must be defeated this November.
So why aren't the Committees and investigators and of course our beleaguered A.G. looking into Crooked Hillarys crimes &amp; Russia relations?
Big decision will soon be made on our next Justice of the Supreme Court!
Americans already believe that @PaulRyanVP is better qualified to serve as  President over @JoeBiden     No surprise.
It takes "guts" to win!
If it were up to goofy Elizabeth Warren we’d have no jobs in America—she doesn’t have a clue.
Steve is one of the very best in the Senate. He is competing against a failed Democrat Presidential candidate who never got close to 1% and was sent packing. Had to be talked into this run by Schumer. Bad for 2nd A! I strongly Endorse @SteveDaines! 
Just had a very good call with @SwedishPM Stefan Löfven who assured me that American citizen A$AP Rocky will be treated fairly. Likewise I assured him that A$AP was not a flight risk and offered to personally vouch for his bail or an alternative....
...If Alabama does not elect a Republican to the Senate in 2020 many of the incredible gains that we have made during my Presidency may be lost including our Pro-Life victories. Roy Moore cannot win and the consequences will be devastating....Judges and Supreme Court Justices!
A woman is suing one of my businesses despite the fact that she loved her classes. Our legal system is a mess. Watch- 
Our leaders are terrible. The government spends over $50B a day.  It can’t find cuts for less than 2 days of spending?! Sad!
In High Tax High Crime California be sure to get out and vote for Republican John Cox for Governor. He will make a BIG difference!
Statesman of the Year in Sarasota FL on Sunday night--will be terrific--a total sellout.
THIS IS WHY WE NEED BORDERS!
The new reality China and Japan are warning us not to default   Reckless government spending has made us weak.
The media is so after me on women  Wow this is a tough business. Nobody has more respect for women than Donald Trump!
As a candidate I pledged that if elected I would use every lawful tool to combat unfair trade protect American workers and defend our national security.  Today we took another critical step to fulfill that commitment.  
“Don't find fault find a remedy.” -- Henry Ford
Congratulations to Brian Kemp on your very big win in Georgia last night. Wow 69-30 those are big numbers. Now go win against the open border crime loving opponent that the Democrats have given you. She is weak on Vets the Military and the 2nd Amendment. Win!
Re: Decisions:  Cover your bases then ask yourself this question: "What am I pretending not to see?" This can save a lot of time &amp; trouble.
Coach W to his basketball players - BE QUICK BUT DON'T HURRY!
The storied success of Bain in private entrepreneurship and equity is one reason @MittRomney will be a great POTUS.
Tell ‘Top Scot’ Michael Forbes to clean up his property—it is an embarrassment to Scotland.
...and job losses. American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives.
I have been much tougher on Russia than Obama just look at the facts. Total Fake News!
House GOP wants to cut Medicare Obama took $500 billion from Medicare for Obamacare. Both Wrong!
Thank you! 
Adrian also gives autographs if you stop by the lobby of @TrumpTowerNY. #CelebApprentice
Congratulations to @jdickerson of Face the Nation on his highest ratings in 15 years. 4.6 million people watched my interview! Thank you!
....The conversation with the new and very good Ukraine President who told the Fake News at the United Nations that HE WAS NOT PRESSURED BY ME IN ANY WAY SHAPE OR FORM should by and of itself bring an end to the new and most recent Witch Hunt. Others ended in ashes!
It was my great honor to address the International Association of Chiefs of Police Annual Convention in Orlando Florida. Thank you! #IACP2018 #LESM 
.@DonaldJTrumpJr &amp; his wife @MrsVanessaTrump attended the #SnowflakeGardenBrunch- here w/ Governor @TerryBranstad. 
Obama opposes sanctions on Iran  They are laughing at Kerry &amp; Obama!
America will THINK BIG once again. We will inspire millions of children to carry on the proud tradition of American… 
The Democrats are turning down services and security for citizens in favor of services and security for non-citizens. Not good!
The new Congress must restore military spending &amp; stop Obama budget cuts. Also hold Obama accountable on the VA.
The YouTube of the 2012 Miss USA contestants @GiulianaRancic and me singing "Call Me Maybe"     has over 2M views.
Via @MiamiHerald: "Donald Trump aims to bring luxury to Doral Golf Resort &amp; Spa"  @DoralResort
The #MissUniverse women totally blow away the Victoria’s Secret women!
Heading to Baton Rouge Louisiana for a speech. Expecting a very large crowd! See you soon. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
“NBC FIRES TRUMP KEEPS SHARPTON: The bigots of the NBC executive suite look the other way”  via @AmSpec by @JeffJlpa1
New Economic Records being set on a daily basis - and it is not by accident!
We have become a far greater Economic Power than ever before and we are using that power for WORLD PEACE!
“The @nytimes is trying to make someone (Justice Kavanaugh) into an evil person when they don’t have the information to back it up. It is a false hoax.” @MZHemingway @MediaBuzzFNC  Zero people were fired at the Times. Why?
Guatemala which has been forming Caravans and sending large numbers of people some with criminal records to the United States has decided to break the deal they had with us on signing a necessary Safe Third Agreement. We were ready to go. Now we are looking at the “BAN”....
The Celebrity Apprentice Sunday night at 9 PM on NBC. Another great episode!
Photos from the @ApprenticeNBC press conference-  Premieres January 4th on @NBC.
Yesterday I was thrilled to be with so many WONDERFUL friends in Utah’s MAGNIFICENT Capitol.It was my honor to sign two Presidential Proclamations that will modify the national monuments designations of both Bears Ears and Grand Staircase Escalante... 
....Alex was a great Secretary of Labor and his service is truly appreciated. He will be replaced on an acting basis by Pat Pizzella the current Deputy Secretary.
... and many others. Drop to your knees Sugar and say thank you Mr. Trump.
...that it was hard not to end up rooting for Trump..."

Congratulations @SecPompeo! 
I will be in South Carolina all week. Saturday is BIG BIG BIG! Get out and vote - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
On my way to Cedar Falls Iowa now. Will be great--I love the people of Iowa!
Via @TMZ_Sports: “Donald Trump: Don't Mess Up @terrellowens' Name. 'I've Seen Him Go Crazy At People'”  
Nancy has allowed her District to go down more than any other in the USA! Hardly even recognizable. 
Have you ever seen our country look weaker or more pathetic: Snowden ObamaCare VA Russia jobs decimated military debt and so much more
Obama lied when he said “you can keep your plan” so why would anyone believe his bogus ObamaCare enrollment numbers?!
Here’s a great stat - since January 2017 the number of people forced to use food stamps is down 1.9 million. The American people are finally back to work!
Retail sales are at record numbers. We’ve got the economy going better than anyone ever dreamt - and you haven’t seen anything yet!
“Donald Trump Takes on Apple @CPACnews”  via @kmbznews
Great morning at the Pentagon yesterday. Congratulations to our new Defense Secretary Mark @EsperDoD! 
.@SteveScalese blew the nasty &amp; obnoxious Chris Wallace (will never be his father Mike!) away on Chris’s lowest rated (unless I’m on) morning show. This kind of dumb and unfair interview would never have happened in the @FoxNews past. Great job Steve!
Typical--@BarackObama's Press Secretary deflects any criticism of Obama's constant celebrity visits by attacking me. My great honor.
Today Judge St. Eve ruled in my favor on the two remaining claims brought by Goldberg in Chicago.  The case is now officially over…
.@oreillyfactor @KarlRove- as per the show an even more serious Cruz charge is the fraudulent voter violation certificate sent to everyone.
.@cher should spend more time focusing on her family and dying career!
Time magazine should name David Pecker of American Media to be its top guy...but they are not smart enough to do that!
....Don't the Europeans have a lot of responsibility?” @KatiePavlich Thank you Katie I offered ISIS prisoners to the European countries from where they came and was rejected on numerous occasions. They probably figured that the U.S. would bear the tremendous cost as always!
'America must decide between failed policies or fresh perspective a corrupt system or an outsider'
On 800 pristine Miami acres @TrumpDoral boasts luxurious accommodations world-class dining &amp; championship golf 
#VoteTrumpMS! #
Happy National Vietnam War Veterans Day to all of our Vietnam era Veterans. You have earned our gratitude and thanks by your actions years ago and what you have done since returning home. The Nation thanks you and your families for your service and sacrifice. We love you! 
What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. I called it and asked for the ban. Must be tough
The Euro put in place to hurt the U.S. is done! -- will have less negative impact than most think.
Entrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
“If it’s worth doing it’s worth fighting for. You’ll have lots of people &amp; obstacles in your way. Fight to get beyond them.”–Midas Touch
If only the illegals were Tea Party members then Obama would get them out of the country immediately.
The Dems have tried every trick in the playbook-call me everything under the sun. But if I’m all of those terrible things how come I beat them so badly 306-223? Maybe they’re just not very good! The fact is they are going CRAZY only because they know they can’t beat me in 2020!
Obama:“I will destroy ISIS” = Obama: “If you like your healthcare plan you can keep your plan.”
Plus never did anything wrong. Read the Transcripts. A Democrat Hoax! 
Address to the NationFull Video &amp; Transcript: 
Good Morning Have A Great Day!
Had failed presidential candidate @MittRomney devoted the same energy and anger to defeating a faltering Barack Obama as he sanctimoniously does to me he could have won the election. Read the Transcripts!
I was invited by Caroline Wozniacki to sit with her family in her special box during her match at the U.S. Open yesterday. She's fantastic!
Congress must protect our borders first. Amnesty should be done only if the border is secure and illegal immigration has stopped.
#AskTrump Send me your questions to answer live from @TwitterNYC later this afternoon.
More than 70M people watched the Presidential Debate.  A new record.  See what happens when I am so prominently mentioned (just kidding)!
Great news that an activist investor is now involved with AT&amp;T. As the owner of VERY LOW RATINGS @CNN perhaps they will now put a stop to all of the Fake News emanating from its non-credible “anchors.” Also I hear that because of its bad ratings it is losing a fortune.....
The DOW S&amp;P 500 and NASDAQ all close the week at a new record high! 
.@hardball_chris must have the lowest IQ on television—now telling people that domestic terrorists are from the right.
The great boxing promoter Don King just endorsed me. Nice!
My interview with @BarbaraJWalters in her @ABC special 'Most Fascinating People of 2011' 
Congressman Jeff Van Drew is very popular in our great and very united Republican Party. It was a tribute to him that he was able to win his heavily Republican district as a Democrat. People like that are not easily replaceable!
As #HurricaneHarvey intensifies - remember to #PlanAhead. ☑️ ☑️ 
Can't believe we are less than three weeks away from the election. Time certainly flies!
It was my Great Honor to attend the 120th Army-Navy game today in Philadelphia Pennsylvania! @NavyFB @ArmyWP_Football @ArmyNavyGame 
....and advanced aircraft anywhere in the World. Perhaps even Air Force One will do a low &amp; loud sprint over the crowd. That will start at 6:00P.M. but be there early. Then at 9:00 P.M. a great (to put it mildly) fireworks display. I will speak on behalf of our great Country!
Without passion you don't have energy without energy you have nothing. Find work that you love and the energy will be there.
“Donald Trump to headline SC Tea Party Convention”  via @wyffnews4
It was my great honor to be back in South Carolina tonight with thousands of hardworking American Patriots who believe in Faith Family God and Country. Thank you for a beautiful evening! #KAG2020 
Red line statement was a disaster for President Obama.
“America: the Cleanest Air in the World - BY FAR!” 
Great story on @TrumpToronto in @globeandmail about our new Sky and Wellness Suites: 
Honest reporters stated that the Prayer Breakfast was going on during my CPAC speech and security was very slow to let people in-long lines!
What a great couple... Katherine Webb and AJ McCarron. They are both winners!
“Life is difficult no matter what but hard work and perseverance make it a lot easier.” – Think Like a Billionaire
Paul Ryan is far from my first choice but a very nice guy. The Republicans should go for tough and (very) smart this time - no games!
For a country like China being able to steal our military designs represents hundreds of billions in savings (cont)  20:46:41,66,7,false,173146855046258688TwitLonger Beta,While @BarackObama is obsessed with 'green collar jobs' blue collar workers aren't buying it." (cont) 
...realize the economy is the best it’s ever been with employment being at an all time high and many companies pouring back into our country. Wake up Punchy!
Thank you Toledo Ohio! It is so important for you to get out and VOTE on November 8 2016! Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE… 
I would like to offer Vice President Biden my warmest condolences on the loss of his wonderful son Beau. Met him once great guy!
... ...Do your research before donating this holiday season!
Despite the Greatest Presidential Harassment of all time by people that are very dishonest and want to destroy our Country we are doing great in the Polls even better than in 2016 and will be packed at the Tuesday Announcement Rally in Orlando Florida. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
A Clinton economy = more taxes and more spending! #DebateNight 
“U.S. Economy Grows 3.2% in Q1 Smashing Expectations” 
Stock Market up 548 points today. Also GREAT jobs numbers!
Congratulations to @MittRomney on getting the @DMRegister @NewYorkPost @NewYorkObserver &amp; @NashuaTelegraph endorsements!
Great bilateral meeting with President @Alain_Berset of the Swiss Confederation - as we continue to strengthen our great friendship. Such an honor to be in Switzerland! #WEF18 
Ignorance is inexcusable; it’s the surest way to fail. No acceptable reason exists for not being well informed.
Congratulations to all of our Mexican friends on National Independence Day. We will be doing great things together!
But the Witch Hunt continues. After 3 years of relentless attacks against the Republican Party &amp; me the Do Nothing Dems are losers for America! 
Obama just bought the Afghan Police $288M in ammo   Make no mistake  some of these will be shot at our troops.
“The Great Revolt” by Salena Zito and Brad Todd does much to tell the story of our great Election victory. The Forgotten Men &amp; Women are forgotten no longer!
MY PRO-GROWTH Econ Plan:✅Eliminate excessive regulations! ✅Lean government!✅Lower taxes!#Debates … 
Good advice from my mother: "Trust in God and be true to yourself." -- Mary Trump
For the sake of New York City all recent sexting victims of Anthony ‘Carlos Danger’ Weiner should come forward.
.@ArsenioHall - How quickly people forget but not me! You told me that without The Apprentice you could never have gotten your show - Sad!
Immigration reform really changes the voting scales for the Republicans—for the worse!
U.S. Embassy opening in Jerusalem will be covered live on @FoxNews &amp; @FoxBusiness. Lead up to 9:00 A.M. (eastern) event has already begun. A great day for Israel!
Thank you to everyone who came out &amp; joined us @TrumpTurnberry yesterday! @EricTrump @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr 
Almost every T.V. show is asking me to go on--especially the @Late_Show. It's simple--I get the ratings!
Today I spoke with American physicians and nurses to thank them for their tireless work. Doctors and nurses are at the front lines of this war and are true American HEROES! With their help America will WIN.
We are TRYING to fight ISIS and now our own people are killing our police. Our country is divided and out of control. The world is watching
.....Melania and I send our warmest condolences to Vanessa and the wonderful Bryant family. May God be with you all!
“Democrats wrote to the Ukrainian government in May 2018 urging it to continue investigations into President Donald Trump’s alleged collusion with Russia in the 2016 presidential campaign — collusion later found NOT TO EXIST.” 
“According to the Center for Immigration Studies the $18 billion wall will pay for itself by curbing the importation of crime drugs and illegal immigrants who tend to go on the federal dole...” 
I will unveil my first campaign ads on @Morning_Joe at 6:30am tomorrow. Enjoy! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@youngmman "@realDonaldTrump Conrad Hilton was a great man but Barron Hilton is a dope." Wrong on Barron!
Lyin' Ted Cruz denied that he had anything to do with the G.Q. model photo post of Melania. That's why we call him Lyin' Ted!
.....China had agreed to start “immediately” buying U.S. products.” @business
Why doesn't the media want to report that on the two "Big Thursdays" when Crooked Hillary and I made our speeches - Republican's won ratings
Hagel committee vote has been postponed as Hagel refuses to disclose all his finances 
The ONLY reason we were able to get our great USMCA Trade Deal approved was because the Do Nothing Democrats wanted to show that they could approve  something productive in light of the fact that all they even think about is impeachment. She knows nothing about the USMCA Deal!
Traitor Snowden has requested asylum in Russia.  Why would Russia grant it?  Snowden already gave them all the intel he stole!
Thank you so much to  for naming me the 2015 Man of the Year. This is indeed a great honor for me!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
.@Gracematters Thank you a very wise bet! Best wishes.
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd is not at the top of his game! Thank you. 
The United States has been spending Billions of Dollars a year on Illegal Immigration. This will not continue. Democrats must give us the votes to pass strong (but fair) laws. If not we will be forced to play a much tougher hand.
....hundreds of people closely involved with my campaign who never met saw or spoke to a Russian during this period? So many campaign workers people inside from the beginning ask me why they have not been called (they want to be). There was NO Collusion &amp; Mueller knows it!
So true! “Mr. Trump remains the single most popular figure in the Republican Party whose fealty has helped buoy candidates in competitive Republican primaries and remains a hot commodity among general election candidates.”  Nicholas Fandos @nytimes
Got to do something about these missing chidlren grabbed by the perverts. Too many incidents--fast trial death penalty.
If our healthcare plan is approved you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down. ObamaCare is in a death spiral!
Who wants the endorsement of a guy (@EricCantor) who lost in perhaps the greatest upset in the history of Congress?
It’s been stated that dopey NY @AGSchneiderman used cocaine while he was a state senator.  
We are helping Apple all of the time on TRADE and so many other issues and yet they refuse to unlock phones used by killers drug dealers  and other violent criminal elements. They will have to step up to the plate and help our great Country NOW! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS! 
Thank you New York I will never forget!
Should never happen to another President! 
I've dealt w/politicians throughout the world. My deals are multi-faceted  transactions which involve many issues. I know the process &amp; win!
.@IvankaTrump will lead the U.S. delegation to India this fall supporting women’s entrepreneurship globally.#GES2017 @narendramodi
The United States of America was not involved in the catastrophic accident during final launch preparations for the Safir SLV Launch at Semnan Launch Site One in Iran. I wish Iran best wishes and good luck in determining what happened at Site One. 

My condolences and prayers to the victims of the terrorist attack in Paris.
I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to better than you ever thought you could be. - Ken Venturi
The FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes @CNN @NBCNews and many more)    is not my enemy it is the enemy of the American people. SICK!
On Bill O'Reilly in 5 minutes!
Resolve never to quit never to give up no matter what the situation. -- Jack Nicklaus
Both Barack and @MittRomney were excellent at the Al Smith dinner last night!
Crooked Hillary says we must call on Saudi Arabia and other countries to stop funding hate. I am calling on- cont'd: 
Join me tomorrow night at 7pmE in Wilkes-Barre Township Pennsylvania for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY! Tickets:  
The Washington Post and CNN have typically written false stories about our trade negotiations with China. Nothing has happened with ZTE except as it pertains to the larger trade deal. Our country has been losing hundreds of billions of dollars a year with China...
If US Air and American Airlines are allowed to merge we are back to the days of “monopoly.”
....including capturing thousands of ISIS fighters mostly from Europe. But Europe did not want them back they said you keep them USA! I said “NO we did you a great favor and now you want us to hold them in U.S. prisons at tremendous cost. They are yours for trials.” They.....
Obama once again just missed a self-imposed deadline with Iran. Our leadership is weak &amp; ineffective. Double the sanctions!
He (or she) who hesitates is lost: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Republicans shouldn’t vote for H.R. 312 a special interest casino Bill backed by Elizabeth (Pocahontas) Warren. It is unfair and doesn’t treat Native Americans equally!

“The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said.” - Peter Drucker
Robin Williams was a truly wonderful actor &amp; comedian. One of the few people who could make me laugh. Very tragic.
Mexican gov doesn't want me talking about terrible border situation &amp; horrible trade deals. Forcing Univision to get me to stop- no way!
Thank you to former campaign adviser Michael Caputo for saying so powerfully that there was no Russian collusion in our winning campaign.
Wrong never even discussed this with Kellyanne Conway ot Steve Mnuchin. Just more Fake News! 
The crisis of illegal activity at our Southern Border is real and will not stop until we build a great Steel Barrier or Wall. Let work begin!
If Russia or some other entity was hacking why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?
Under President @BarackObama China has experienced unusually fast gains and America unusually fast losses. #TimeToGetTough
Bruce Willis wearing my hat on @FallonTonight last Friday- 
Nick Sandmann and the students of Covington have become symbols of Fake News and how evil it can be. They have captivated the attention of the world and I know they will use it for the good - maybe even to bring people together. It started off unpleasant but can end in a dream!
Somebody please inform Jay-Z that because of my policies Black Unemployment has just been reported to be at the LOWEST RATE EVER RECORDED!
No president ever worked harder than me (cleaning up the mess I inherited)!
I look forward to watching @megynkelly tonight 8 PM ET. It will be interesting to see how she treats me—I think she will be very fair.
Put big game trophy decision on hold until such time as I review all conservation facts. Under study for years. Will update soon with Secretary Zinke. Thank you!
Retired Four Star General Jack Keane will receive the PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM next week!
Last night's live show was so much fun. Congrats to the entire cast they are all winners!  From beginning over $13 million for charity.
Americans are the strongest and most resilient people on earth...We will remove or eliminate every obstacle necessary to deliver our people the care that they need and that they are entitled to. No resource will be spared. 
....stated that I did nothing wrong with respect to campaign finance laws if they even apply because this was not campaign finance. Cohen was guilty on many charges unrelated to me but he plead to two campaign charges which were not criminal and of which he probably was not...
If you want to kill any idea in the world get a committee working on it. -- Charles Kettering
Awarded 5 Stars by @ForbesInspector @TrumpChicago’s @SixteenChicago offers   Executive Chef @cheflents’s new menu 
Republican Approval Rating just hit 93%. Sorry Haters! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
SUN newspaper/Scotland reports that "Tourism jump is thanks to Trump." 8000 visitors in one month from 20 countries 
This is a tragedy. The real unemployment rate is 14.8% with over 23.2 million unemployed Americans. We can do much better.
Soaring 92 stories @TrumpChicago boasts a @ForbesInspector 5 Star rating for both its hotel &amp; restaurant 
Someone please explain to Nancy Pelosi who was recently called racist by those in her own party that there is nothing wrong with bringing out the very obvious fact that Congressman Elijah Cummings has done a very poor job for his district and the City of Baltimore. Just take...
.@brandonhardest  Love what you do and work hard.
Someone just wrote that “you predicted every single major event that’s now happening—and they knock you instead of giving you credit.”
Last year was the best year for American Manufacturing job growth since 1997 or 21 years. The previous administration said manufacturing will not come back to the U.S. “you would need a magic wand.” I guess I found the MAGIC WAND - and it is only getting better!

Thanks Dave! 
The thing I like best about Rex Tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign governments.
I will be going to Green Bay Wisconsin for a really big Rally on Saturday Evening. Big crowd expected much to talk about. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
via Bloomberg: Fox News Couldn't Kill Trump's Momentum Made Him Stronger @FoxNews @business  
Nobody fights harder for Montana than @SteveDaines. Steve is a close friend of mine a STRONG Conservative and a tremendous supporter of our #MAGA Agenda. He is strong on Crime &amp; Borders GREAT for our Military &amp; Vets &amp; will protect your #2A. Steve has my Complete Endorsement!
Just left Columbus rally of 14000 people --- a far bigger crowd than even I expected! Unbelievable evening incredible spirit in the arena!
....all deliveries of Fentanyl from China (or anywhere else!). Fentanyl kills 100000 Americans a year. President Xi said this would stop - it didn’t. Our Economy because of our gains in the last 2 1/2 years is MUCH larger than that of China. We will keep it that way!
Just arrived in Calexico California! 
....I don’t want to Win for myself I only want to Win for the people. The New @FoxNews is letting millions of GREAT people down! We have to start looking for a new News Outlet. Fox isn’t working for us anymore!
The CPAC speech went really well this morning--- first speaker--- standing ovation. I really enjoyed it.
Great read:  “How New York's Veterans Day Parade Became 'America's Parade'” 
“....(The Witch Hunt) in time likely will become recognized as the greatest scandal in American political history marking the first occasion in which the U.S. government bureaucrats sought to overturn an election (presidential)!” Victor Davis Hanson  And got caught! @FoxNews
On the ten-year anniversary of the Mumbai terror attack the U.S. stands with the people of India in their quest for justice. The attack killed 166 innocents including six Americans. We will never let terrorists win or even come close to winning!
I fully support the @NYPD @MayorBloomberg and @CommissionerKelly. They should all be honored for protecting us since 9/11---not demonized.
Met @newtgingrich at Trump Tower today. He's a big thinker.
....in a very long time. The FBI has had some dark day in its past but nothing like this. This was VERY SERIOUS MISCONDUCT ON THE PART OF THE FBI.” @brithume @BretBaier  Are you listening Comey McCabe lovers Lisa &amp; Peter the beautiful Ohr family Brennan Clapper &amp; many more?
It’s sad that the WH is punishing children from across the country by closing all tours. Doesn’t have to be.  WH should take my offer.
Join me in Washington Michigan on Saturday April 28 2018 at 7:00pm! #MAGA Tickets:  
Thank you to all of the incredible law enforcement officers and firefighters in Bethpage New York. Keep up the great work! 
It is about time that Connecticut had a real and talented Governor. Bob Stefanowski is the person needed to do the job. Tough on crime Bob is also a big cutter of Taxes. He will win in November and make a Great Governor a major difference maker. Bob has my total Endorsement!
Democrats it is time to come together and put the SAFETY of the AMERICAN PEOPLE before POLITICS. Border security must become a #1 priority! 
This is happening all over our country—great people being disenfranchised bypoliticians. Repub party is in trouble! 
The Spa @TrumpWaikiki offers unique treatments that use traditional Hawaiian botanicals &amp; healing techniques 
THANK YOU- Baton Rouge Louisiana! WE will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016 
“Trade Deals Drive Stocks To Record Highs.” @FoxNews
The Huffington Post is such a loser--it will die just as AOL is dying What a stupid deal AOL made to buy it!
....... I disagree but it's still cool.
Success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
The only way to spread economic growth is to lower taxes and end unfriendly regulatory practices.
Republicans and Democrats have both created our economic problems.
The golden era of American energy is now underway! 

Where is the outrage for this Disney book? Is this the 'Star of David' also? Dishonest media! #Frozen 
NO COLLUSION - RIGGED WITCH HUNT!
“The President has accomplished some absolutely historic things during this past year.” Thank you Charlie Kirk of Turning Points USA. Sadly the Fake Mainstream Media will NEVER talk about our accomplishments in their end of year reviews. We are compiling a long &amp; beautiful list.
As a show of support for our Armed Forces I will be going to The Army-Navy Game today. Looking forward to it should be fun!
Today is the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action! #TrumpTrain #MAGA… 
The U.S. under my administration is completely rebuilding its military and they're spending hundreds of billions of dollars to the newest and finest military equipment anywhere in the world being built right now. I want peace through strength! 
What kind of a lawyer would tape a client? So sad! Is this a first never heard of it before? Why was the tape so abruptly terminated (cut) while I was presumably saying positive things? I hear there are other clients and many reporters that are taped - can this be so? Too bad!
I am pleased to inform you that I will Address the Nation on the Humanitarian and National Security crisis on our Southern Border. Tuesday night at 9:00 P.M. Eastern.
Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesn't even look presidential!
The Justice Department's investigation into the national security leaks is not independent. This is a very grave situation.
Together our task is to strengthen our families to build up our communities to serve our citizens and to celebrate AMERICAN GREATNESS as a shining example to the world.... 
Just for a little change of pace! 
If @amazon ever had to pay fair taxes its stock would crash and it would crumble like a paper bag. The @washingtonpost scam is saving it!
Hurricane Dorian looks like it will be hitting Florida late Sunday night. Be prepared and please follow State and Federal instructions it will be a very big Hurricane perhaps one of the biggest!
A good friend: @SarahPalinUSA. More importantly she is a tremendous voice for policies that would put America on (cont) 
How can Jeb Bush expect to deal with China Russia + Iran if he gets caught doing a “plant” during my speech yesterday in NH?
I thought Chris was Fredo also. The truth hurts. Totally lost it! Low ratings @CNN 
The joint statement released with President Bolsonaro in March makes absolutely clear that I support Brazil beginning the process for full OECD membership. The United States stands by that statement and stands by  @jairbolsonaro. This article is FAKE NEWS! 
Laura--Massive crowd had to move to Phoenix Convention Center. 
.@ScottWalker despite your coming to my office to give me an award your very dumb fundraiser hit me very hard--- not smart!
For those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o'clock in the morning at least you know I will be there awake to answer the call!
I am glad that my friend @EmmanuelMacron and the protestors in Paris have agreed with the conclusion I reached two years ago. The Paris Agreement is fatally flawed because it raises the price of energy for responsible countries while whitewashing some of the worst polluters....
We need a President who isn't a laughing stock to the entire World. We need a truly great leader a genius at strategy and winning. Respect!
“Look the House is supposed to do all of this work on witnesses and documents BEFORE they send the articles over to the Senate not to call in new witnesses go through new documents - that work is supposed to be done in the House.” @KatiePavlich @foxandfriends
“It has been 3 years and Donald Trump hasn’t done anything wrong. Donald Trump hasn’t done a single thing of which he has been accused.” @RushLimbaughEIB  @seanhannity  A Witch Hunt like no other!
More Fake News! 
Guests are raving about our exclusive hotel mattress and so we’ve made it available for purchase!  
James Comey is a proven LEAKER &amp; LIAR. Virtually everyone in Washington thought he should be fired for the terrible job he did-until he was in fact fired. He leaked CLASSIFIED information for which he should be prosecuted. He lied to Congress under OATH. He is a weak and.....
Since my election many trillions of dollars of worth has been created for our Country and the Stock Market is up over 50%. If you followed the advice of the Failing New York Times columnist Paul Krugman you’d be doing VERY poorly - you’d be angry and hurt. He never got it!
.@FLOTUS Melania and I join millions of people around the world in mourning the passing of Billy Graham. Our prayers are with his children grandchildren great-grandchildren and all who worked closely with Reverend Graham in his lifelong ministry. 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
.@FrankLuntz works really hard but is a guy who just doesn't have it - a total loser!
What's the primary ingredient for success? Passion. You have to love what you're doing or you won't get too far.
Mark it on your calendar: Comedy Central Roast March 15th at 10:30 pm for the Roast of Trump   
#NeverTrump is never more. They were crushed last night in Cleveland at Rules Committee by a vote of 87-12. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
....to testify. Are they looking for a redo because they hated seeing the strong NO COLLUSION conclusion? There was no crime except on the other side (incredibly not covered in the Report) and NO OBSTRUCTION. Bob Mueller should not testify. No redos for the Dems!

Looking forward to being the guest of honor at @ralphreed's @FaithandFreedom Patriot's Award Gala Dinner in Washington DC
Thank you Eric! 
Great progress on healthcare. Improvements being made - Republicans coming together!
Great to see Tony La Russa manage one last game last night. Congratulations to the National League on winning the @MLB All-Star Game.
Right now we have a president and a Treasury secretary who shrug while China tears away hundreds of thousands (cont)  21:13:37,58,13,false,172066467926380545TwitLonger Beta,Our President should stop trying to be an economist to the world and start fighting for our economy. Instead (cont) 
While Derek Jeter is training every day in the off season reports come out that A-Rod is partying all over the country. Go Derek. @Yankees
Donald Trump Hands Bill O’Reilly Cable TV Viewership Win- @deadline-
If Americans understood just how many hidden government fees and taxes are absorbed into the prices of the (cont)  17:59:54,89,16,false,154985489852678144TwitLonger Beta,Beyond simple justice and beyond reducing our national debt another advanage of taking the oil is that it (cont) 
Audience chanting "RUN TRUMP RUN!" during my my @SRQRepublicans speech! They are going to be very happy...
Really bad shooting in Orlando. Police investigating possible terrorism. Many people dead and wounded.
A former classmate Roy Eaton has published a great book “Makers Shakers &amp; Takers” – check it out  
Jerry Finkelstein passed away last night--a great New York mover &amp; shaker &amp; a really great guy!
It is a joke the amount of time that network news spends talking about the weather. No wonder their ratings are way down! Enough already.
Please don’t pay attention to all of those phony tweets that mention my twitter handle relative to “diet” -- it is a total scam.
I have founded and run one of the largest real estate empires in the world. I employ thousands of people. Why am I the enemy?
Heading to Missouri to be with many of my great friends. VFW here we come!
Remain open to new ideas. That's where innovation begins.
To all young (and old) entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself talk yourself up! Energize yourself and you'll energize others.
“Very concerned about Comey’s firing afraid they will be exposed” said Bruce Ohr. DOJ’s Emails &amp; Notes show Bruce Ohr’s connection to (phony &amp; discredited) Trump Dossier. A creep thinking he would get caught in a dishonest act. Rigged Witch Hunt!
The Iranians are having 'difficulties' with their nuclear program   But no thanks to us!
Kern County CA has secured $1.2B for windfarms  They also just secured more eagle deaths &amp; low property values.
So true thank you! 
.@Omarosa admitting she’s a threat in the boardroom- that’s not revelation knowledge. #CelebApprentice
Pastor Scott a great guy - and tough! 
Rising over Bay Street @TrumpTO brings opulent luxury along with our famous world-class amenities to the Queen City 
Via @kmovnewsfeed: "Photos: Tour Donald Trump's NC golf club" 
Why isn't @chucktodd using the much newer @CNN Poll when discussing how well I am doing instead of the older Q Poll? CNN even better!
China is advocating on behalf of Iran's nuclear program -- the Chinese oppose both sanctions and any militar… (cont) 
CPAC Today!
Join me tomorrow! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
New @RNC report calls for embracing “comprehensive immigration reform.”  Does the @RNC have a death wish?
.@foxandfriends we are in record territory in all things having to do with our economy! 
Big crowd expected tomorrow night in Iowa. It will be interesting and fun - great people!
How bad has our "leader" made us look on Syria. Stay out of Syria we don't have the leadership to win wars or even strategize.
“Money may not grow on trees but it does grow from talent hard work and brains.” – Think Like a Billionaire
We are making tremendous progress with the V. A. There has never been so much done so quickly and we have just started. We love our VETS!
Our debt is about to reach $17T. Iraq has $20T in oil reserves. Interesting.
“Trump stock market rally is far outpacing past US presidents” 
Do you believe that @UnionLeader in NH was demanding ads? Look at enclosed letter from them just received: 
Consumer Confidence number very good. Housing sales in September up nicely. Economy Rocks!
... The NY Daily Snooze totally lied and never even called my kids!
I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing it.
Why doesn't OPEC lower the price of crude to help avert the European crisis? Crude keeps rising during the dow… (cont) 
The people of Puerto Rico are wonderful but the inept politicians are trying to use the massive and ridiculously high amounts of hurricane/disaster funding to pay off other obligations. The U.S. will NOT  bail out long outstanding &amp; unpaid obligations with hurricane relief money!
Not seen in many years America’s steelworkers get a hard-earned raise because of my Administration’s policies to help bring back the U.S. steel industry which is critical to our National Security. I will always protect America and its workers!
Any and all weather events are used by the GLOBAL WARMING HOAXSTERS to justify higher taxes to save our planet! They don't believe it $$$$!
News conference live from the @WhiteHouse today. 5:30 P.M. Eastern!
I love you Missouri! Under Republican leadership America is BOOMING America is THRIVING and America is WINNING - because we are finally putting AMERICA FIRST. Get out and VOTE Josh @HawleyMO for the United States Senate! #MAGA🇺🇸 
Expect the best from people. They will rise to the challenge and  it's important to inspire confidence.
No matter what happens in the election @davidaxelrod deserves a lot of credit. He has kept Obama in it even with his terrible record.
Moderator: Hillary plan calls for more regulation and more government spending. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Miss USA pageant had a 4 to 1 vote in favor but it won't be in Miami Doral in 2014-- Mayor Boria voted against it. I want total support!
The first General killed in a combat zone since Vietnam it is a travesty that Obama did not attend Major General Harold Greene’s funeral
So interesting to read and see all of the free and interesting advice I am getting on China from people who have tried to handle it before and failed miserably - In fact they got taken to the cleaners. We are doing very well with China. This has never happened to them before!
China gets 91% of its Oil from the Straight Japan 62% &amp; many other countries likewise. So why are we protecting the shipping lanes for other countries (many years) for zero compensation. All of these countries should be protecting their own ships on what has always been....
ALL SAFE IN ORANGE COUNTY NORTH CAROLINA. With you all the way will never forget. Now we have to win. Proud of you all!  @NCGOP
Great interview this morning by @foxandfriends with some of the fantastic people who attended the big Rally last night in Toledo Ohio. Thank you. Such amazing energy!
The fact is right now and for the foreseeable future the planet runs on oil--and that means we need to get (cont)  15:44:13,100,17,false,195176395364761600Twitter Web Client,Demand by China continues to raise the price of oil  We must become energy independent through our vast resources.,04-24-2012 18:46:56,84,17,false,194859987573538816Twitter Web Client,Majority of Independents want Obamacare overturned   The best way to do it is by voting out @BarackObama,04-24-2012 17:54:26,101,9,false,194846776744873986Twitter Web Client,Congratulations to the @NYRangers on bringing the series home last night.,04-24-2012 16:40:43,72,9,false,194828224222601217Twitter Web Client,Made in America? @BarackObama argues that his long form birth certificate is irrelevant in court. 16:35:48,125,21,false,194826987787911168Twitter Web Client,The Government spends 30% more than it admits   @BarackObama is out of control with his deficit spending.,04-24-2012 14:21:15,165,22,false,194793127062667264TwitLonger Beta,You can take the smartest kid at Wharton the one who gets straight A's and has a 170 IQ and if he doesn't (cont) 
Prime Minister @Netanyahu and @PresidentRuvi- on behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself thank you for the invitation… 
प्रथम महिला और मैं इस देश के हर नागरिक को एक सन्देश देने के लिए दुनिया का 8000 मील का चक्कर लगा कर यहां आये हैं l अमेरिका भारत को  प्रेम करता है - अमेरिका भारत का सम्मान करता है - और अमरीका के लोग हमेशा भारत के लोगों के सच्चे और निष्ठावान दोस्त रहेंगे l 
Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa Caucus either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified.
“The decision not to prosecute Andy McCabe is utterly inexplicable.” @Judgenap  @HARRISFAULKNER @FoxNews

.@mike_pence and I will defeat #ISIS. #VPDebate
“James Comey has been rebuked at the highest level with much more to come. An IG Report doesn’t get any stronger calling him dangerous insubordinate. THANK GOODNESS THAT DONALD TRUMP WAS ELECTED BECAUSE IF HE WASN’T ELECTED THESE PEOPLE WOULD STILL BE IN POWER. Two more.....
DONALD TRUMP BLASTS THE OSCARS  via @theblaze
....It will be beautiful and at the same time give our Country the security that our citizens deserve. It will go up fast and save us BILLIONS of dollars a month once completed!
On Saturday a great man Elie Wiesel passed away.The world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil!
Living in denial--only 15% of Democrats think that recent economic news is poor 
After years of rebuilding OTHER NATIONS we are finally rebuilding OUR NATION. In everything we do we are putting AMERICA FIRST! #KAG2020 
Action speaks louder than words but not nearly as often.--Mark Twain
...Corker dropped out of the race in Tennesse when I refused to endorse him and now is only negative on anything Trump. Look at his record!
.@TPNNtweets "Donald Trump Tells A Fascinating Inside Story About His Dealings w/ The Obama WH"  @johnhawkinsrwn
The language used by me at the DACA meeting was tough but this was not the language used. What was really tough was the outlandish proposal made - a big setback for DACA!
I'm very proud of my new crystal collection. Here's a sneak peak of my favorite collection Elmsford  … (cont) 
Anybody (especially  Fake News media) who thinks that Repeal &amp; Replace of ObamaCare is dead does not know the love and strength in R Party!
Does anyone remember this @BillMaher clip when he got fired from ABC- in fact fired like a dog! 
....extraordinary growth economic success and riches under the leadership of Chairman Kim. I look forward to the day which could be soon when Nuclear Weapons and Sanctions can be removed and then watching North Korea become one of the most successful nations of the World!
Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!
We have accomplished an economic turnaround of HISTORIC proportions! 
The Democrats who know Steel Slats (Wall) are necessary for Border Security are putting politics over Country. What they are just beginning to realize is that I will not sign any of their legislation including infrastructure unless it has perfect Border Security. U.S.A. WINS!
The only @Forbes Five-Star &amp; @fivediamond hotel in NYC @TrumpNewYork is the definition of luxury   The Best!
Leaking and even illegal classified leaking has been a big problem in Washington for years. Failing @nytimes (and others) must apologize!
Just returned from France where much was accomplished in my meetings with World Leaders. Never easy bringing up the fact that the U.S. must be treated fairly which it hasn’t on both Military and Trade. We pay for LARGE portions of other countries military protection........
BTW The Miss USA pageant was the highest rated non-sports telecast on the Big 4 networks. Congrats to our newly crowned @Nia_Sanchez_!
Via @usweekly: “Donald Trump Sounds Off on Joan Rivers' Death: ‘I Think The Doctors Made a Terrible Mistake’” 
Unbelievable support in Florida last night - thank you! #MAGA 
When we rip down and totally replace a badly broken and dilapidated Barrier on the Southern Border something which cannot do the job the Fake News Media gives us zero credit for building a new Wall. We have replaced many miles of old Barrier with powerful new Walls!
Looking forward to speaking at the @NHGOP #FITN Republican Leadership Summit on Saturday at 12PM! Let’s Make America Great Again!
#TrumpVine Where is the money @MacMiller? 
....they made this whole thing up. Impeachment is also a pre-emptive strike for what they think is coming on the Obama Administration’s handling of the 2016 Election.” Jim McLaughlin highly respected pollster. @WashTimes @FoxNews
If anybody but Donald Trump did what I did in Syria which was an ISIS loaded mess when I became President they would be a national hero. ISIS is mostly gone we’re slowly sending our troops back home to be with their families while at the same time fighting ISIS remnants......
Just finished my second speech. 20K in Dayton &amp; 25K in Cleveland- perfectly behaved crowd. Thanks- I love you Ohio! 
A gallon of gas is $3.523 today and has never before risen so high early in the year  The @BarackObama policy realized!
Looking forward to a speedy recovery for George and Barbara Bush both hospitalized. Thank you for your wonderful letter!
Just briefed by Attorney General Barr about the shootings in Texas. FBI and Law Enforcement is fully engaged. More to follow.
....looking for trouble. They are enjoying ruining people’s lives and REFUSE to look at the real corruption on the Democrat side - the lies the firings the deleted Emails and soooo much more! Mueller’s Angry Dems are looking to impact the election. They are a National Disgrace!
My @gretawire interview discussing my @MittRomney fundraiser in Trump Int'l Hotel Las Vegas and the state of the (cont) 
President Obama wants to change the name of Mt. McKinley to Denali after more than 100 years. Great insult to Ohio. I will change back!
Via The Hindu @businessline: "Realty brand Donald Trump’s India venture to sport desi tag" 
The Fed’s pumping is great news in the short term but it can’t last forever.  Be prudent in your market investing.
The United States under President Obama has truly become the "gang that couldn't shoot straight." Everything he touches turns to garbage!
The real outsourcer - @BarackObama is funding German automakers with the GM bailout money   How does that help us?
The Wall Street Journal has reported that Obama's food stamp policies are ushering in a massive 'food stamp crime wave.' #TimeToGet Tough
The U.S. Border is SECURE! 
It's amazing how celebrities such as @Cher can say horrible untrue things about Republican politicians and it's (cont) 
KEEP AMERICA GREAT! 
Distressed real estate opportunities can make great investments. You need the foresight and instincts to know the property's true potential.
Just signed Bill. Our Military will now be stronger than ever before. We love and need our Military and gave them everything — and more. First time this has happened in a long time. Also means JOBS JOBS JOBS!
Jens Stoltenberg NATO Secretary General just stated that because of me NATO has been able to raise far more money than ever before from its members after many years of decline. It’s called burden sharing. Also more united. Dems &amp; Fake News like to portray the opposite!
Trump Tees Up Another 'Hole in One' in Scotland  
After decades of lies and scandal Crooked Hillary's corruption is closing in. #DrainTheSwamp! 
Melania and I offer our deepest condolences to the family of Otto Warmbier. Full statement:  
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Will be talking about many things including The Apprentice!
Happy Birthday to my wonderful daughter @IvankaTrump.
China’s stock market rose yesterday after 4 consecutive days of losses  Their market gains the day we are hit by storm
Great story. Thank you to Mr. Young of Jonesboro Arkansas! 
Stock Market just hit another record high! Jobs looking very good.
.@WestwoodLee Great going this weekend. You are a true champion!
Today it was my great honor to address the @MjrCitiesChiefs Association and @MCSheriffs Conference in Washington D.C. We will never forget your service and we will never ever let you down! We love you and we thank God for you each and every day. 
.@Ynberg: Long term goal &gt;&gt;&gt; to be the black @realDonaldTrump 4real.Great Dean and you will make it!
Hillary Clinton made a speech today using the biggest teleprompter I have ever seen. In fact it wasn't even see through glass it was black
...when they have no environmental restrictions! America' s workers need us." 
Crazy Maureen Dowd the wacky columnist for the failing @nytimes pretends she knows me well--wrong!
Great earnings coming out of Stock Market. Too bad Media doesn’t devote much time to this!
Just heard that Sean Spicer will be on “Dancing with the Stars.” He will do great. A terrific person who loves our Country dearly!
Watch my latest video blog.... 
My appearance on The View...  and 
....for the more traditional but not very bright Sleepy Joe Biden. Here we go again Bernie but this time please show a little more anger and indignation when you get screwed!
I had a great time answering your questions in the latest #AskTheDonald. Watch and see if your question made it in- 


Wow NATO's top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must PAY THEIR BILLS. This is a general I will like!
Women’s soccer player @mPinoe just stated that she is “not going to the F...ing White House if we win.” Other than the NBA which now refuses to call owners owners (please explain that I just got Criminal Justice Reform passed Black unemployment is at the lowest level...
Hillary Clinton reaches new low. #TrumpVlog 
Any deal completed before the fiscal curb must have tangible cuts on expenditures in baseline spending so we can get our credit back.
I don't know how much longer I can take this bullshit - so terrible! #Oscars
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo was never given or shown a Transcript or Video of the Saudi Consulate event. FAKE NEWS!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Dopey @Lord_Sugar  People are calling in saying you are being beaten badly w/ the tweets...
Busy day planned in New York. Will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government!
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. -- Albert Einstein
This has to stop! @BarackObama loves accruing American debt--he missed his budget deficit goal by over $500 billion. 
Some dope tweeted my message to my friend Bill Belichick incorrectly--they called him Bob. Sorry Bill!  @Patriots
We just had the worst jobs report since 2010.
“Ukraine Foreign Minister disputes reports of any pressure from Trump. This conversation was long friendly and it touched on many questions.” @NBCNews  Correct. If your looking for something done wrong just look at the tape of Sleepy Joe. He is being protected by the Media!
Why would smart voters want to put Democrats in Congress in 2018 Election when their policies will totally kill the great wealth created during the months since the Election. People are much better off now not to mention ISIS VA Judges Strong Border 2nd A Tax Cuts &amp; more?
Deportations are now at a record low. Obama manipulated the numbers to lie to the public that they were at a record high. Secure the border!
The Mayor of Tijuana Mexico just stated that “the City is ill-prepared to handle this many migrants the backlog could last 6 months.” Likewise the U.S. is ill-prepared for this invasion and will not stand for it. They are causing crime and big problems in Mexico. Go home!
THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN (We will never forget)!
Watch this video of my wonderful golf club @TrumpNationalCN in beautiful Colts NeckNJ- 
WE ARE BUILDING THE WALL... 
Great night in Iowa - special people. Thank you!
Big crowds in Panama City Beach Florida. See everyone in 30 minutes! @FoxNews @TuckerCarlson @SeanHannity 
The new reality. ‘China Daily’ is sold in street newspaper vending machines across DC. Why not? They own the place.
In making big money knowledge is far more important than any other ingredient including money itself!
If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York he wouldn't get 10% of the vote - they would run him out of town!  #NeverHillary
Good luck Mary! 
We have all got to come together and win this election. We can't have four more years of Obama (or worse!).
Join me tomorrow in Michigan!Grand Rapids at 12pm: at 3pm: 

Congratulations Kimberley. Great book! 
What America needs: @MittRomney follows in steps of Kemp and Reagan with pro-growth tax cut.
Incredibly beautiful ceremony as U.S. Korean War remains are returned to American soil. Thank you to Honolulu and all of our great Military participants on a job well done. A special thanks to Vice President Mike Pence on delivering a truly magnificent tribute!
We're coming up on the NEW YEAR-It is really important that despite so many stupid decisions being made in Washington we make it BEST EVER
.@Univision cares far more about Mexico than it does about the U.S.  Are they controlled by the Mexican government?
.@TrumpTurnberry's 149 award winning guest rooms offer a perfect blend of Edwardian tradition and timeless design 
...along quickly. European Union Nations will be open to the United States and at the same time benefiting by everything we are doing for them. There was great warmth and feeling in the room - a breakthrough has been quickly made that nobody thought possible!
A-Rod’s appeal will go nowhere. He will get a long suspension. Good for the @Yankees. And sends strong message to @MLB players.
Sugar @Lord_Sugar  Why don't you tell the public what you're really worth--they would be very disappointed.
This is the real story behind the Do Nothing Democrats! 
Snowden is a spy who has caused great damage to the U.S. A spy in the old days when our country was respected and strong would be executed
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Now Obama has set red line 2 with demand that Assad hands over Syria’s chemical weapons or it will face an attack.
The crackdown on illegal criminals is merely the keeping of my campaign promise. Gang members drug dealers &amp; others are being removed!
Happy Passover to everyone celebrating in the United States of America Israel and around the world. #ChagSameach
.@AC360  Has the absolutely worst anti-Trump talking heads on his show. Dopey writer O'brian knows nothing about me or my wealth. A waste!
Soon to be the greatest hotel in U.S. don_trump_jr  @ivankatrump @erictrump  #OldPostOffice 
Via @GolfDigest by @LukeKerrDineen: “@MichaelBreed to open golf academy at Donald Trump’s @TrumpFerryPoint” 
....he would see that it was nevertheless strong on NO COLLUSION and ultimately NO OBSTRUCTION...Anyway how do you Obstruct when there is no crime and in fact the crimes were committed by the other side? Justin is a loser who sadly plays right into our opponents hands!
There are no mixed messages only political weaponization by people like you and your brother Fredo! 
“Worker pay rate hits highest level since 2008” 
#TBT It is great being part of Home Alone 2 a holiday staple. 
Moving forward f/tonight’s competitive primaries it is crucial that the Tea Party &amp; @GOP remain united towards November. Take the Senate!
Ralph Norman who is running for Congress in SC's 5th District will be a fantastic help to me in cutting taxes and....
There is GREAT unity with the Republicans in the House and Senate despite the Fake News Media working in overdrive to make the story look otherwise. The Opposition Party &amp; the Dems know we must have Strong Border Security but don’t want to give “Trump” another one of many wins!
The Federal Reserve should get our interest rates down to ZERO or less and we should then start to refinance our debt. INTEREST COST COULD BE BROUGHT WAY DOWN while at the same time substantially lengthening the term. We have the great currency power and balance sheet.....
Great news for the Republican Party as one of the dumbest &amp; most disloyal men in Congress is “quitting” the Party. No Collusion No Obstruction! Knew he couldn’t get the nomination to run again in the Great State of Michigan. Already being challenged for his seat. A total loser!
Such a phony hurricane report by lightweight reporter @jonathancarl of @ABCWorldNews. I suggested yesterday at FEMA that along with Florida Georgia South Carolina and North Carolina even Alabama could possibly come into play which WAS true. They made a big deal about this...
The original Apprentice is coming back--do you have what it takes to be the next Apprentice? For casting details: 
I'm not hearing much from Obama or his administration about my $5M offer to charity-- or to which charity the money will go.
So Crooked Hillary Clinton can delete and acid wash 33000 emails AFTER getting a Subpoena from the United States Congress but I can’t make one totally appropriate telephone call to the President of Ukraine? Witch Hunt!
The dishonest media likes saying that I am in Agreement with Julian Assange - wrong. I simply state what he states it is for the people....

Establishment of the U.S. Space Command! 
Gallup Poll: “Open Borders will potentially attract 42 million Latin Americans.” This would be a disaster for the U.S. We need the Wall now!
DEMOCRATS WANT TO STEAL THE ELECTION! #KAG2020 
This is the best deal the Republicans could get?
You must be kidding-zero chance he is innocent!
Now that I am back from Singapore where we had a great result with respect to North Korea the thought process must sadly go back to the Witch Hunt always remembering that there was No Collusion and No Obstruction of the fabricated No Crime.
My @FoxNews interview on @gretawire discussing the @RNC convention @BarackObama's sealed records &amp; real estate advice 
I'll bet Jimmy Fallon gets great ratings tonight!
.@BillMaher’s show is great for helping me get to sleep--- better than Sominex.
Under his administration oil and gas production on public land is down over 10%   Obama did not tell truth last night.
Congratulations to Gabby Douglas on winning the Gold for the USA in gymnastics. She is terrific!
Remember this the worst doctors (by far) are celebrity doctors. If you see their names or read about them in the newspapers stay away!
Jared Kushner did very well yesterday in proving he did not collude with the Russians. Witch Hunt. Next up 11 year old Barron Trump!
Law Enforcement has been notified. Be careful tough guys who you play with! 
I promise that our administration will ALWAYS have your back. We will ALWAYS be with you! 
America has lost its AAA rating and gained over $6T in debt under @BarackObama and now he wants to raise the debt ceiling--SCARY!
Perhaps @BarackObama's biggest shortcoming as President is he failed to unite the country.
A president either is constantly on top of events or if he hesitates events will soon be on top of him...,11-26-2012 21:27:32,188,65,false,273176185733775360Twitter Web Client,... I never felt that I could let up for a moment. -- Harry S. Truman
Will be going to Iowa tonight for Rally and more! The Farmers (and all) are very happy with USMCA!
Obama and Kerry are bungling Syria by the hour. They have set America’s deterrence &amp; stature back by years. Amateurs!
“Former @NYTimes editor Jill Abramson rips paper's ‘unmistakably anti-Trump’ bias.”Ms. Abramson is 100% correct. Horrible and totally dishonest reporting on almost everything they write. Hence the term Fake News Enemy of the People and Opposition Party!
Comey drafted the Crooked Hillary exoneration long before he talked to her (lied in Congress to Senator G) then based his decisions on her poll numbers. Disgruntled he McCabe and the others committed many crimes!
Thank you Lee and David! 
My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family on the loss of Nykea Aldridge. They are in my thoughts and prayers.
.@FrankLuntz your so-called "focus groups" are a total joke. Don't come to my office looking for business again. You are a clown!
This story is not about Mr. Khan who is all over the place doing interviews but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U.S. Get smart!
They say that if I participated in last night’s Fox debate they would have had 12 million more &amp; would have broken the all time record.
THe Chinese military is already hacking our satellites    The Chinese government is not an American ally.
China has been unfairly subsidizing the export of cars &amp; auto parts. I've been saying this for 3 years...
Tell me which is “cooler”—my induction into the @WWE Hall of Fame or my Star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame?
Thank you Indiana! Was great seeing everyone on Wednesday! I will be back soon! # 
I was very much looking forward to having a press conference just prior to leaving Argentina because we have had such great success in our dealing with various countries and their leaders at the G20....
.@guardian_sport by @mrewanmurray:“Donald Trump’s transformation will make @TrumpTurnberry Open worth the wait” 
It seems that Justice Scalia originally wrote the majority on ObamaCare and Roberts then switched his position. 
Interesting how President Obama is flying around in a Boeing 747 on so-called Earth Day!
“Barrack Obama talked a lot about hope but Donald Trump delivered the American Dream. All the economic indicators what’s happening overseas Donald Trump has proven to be far more successful than Barrack Obama. President Trump is delivering the American Dream.” Jason Chaffetz
Governor Doug Ducey of Arizona is doing a great job. It would be really nice to show your support tomorrow by voting for him in Tuesdays Primary. Doug is strong on Crime the Border and our Second Amendment. Loves our Military &amp; our Vets. He has my full and complete Endorsement.
Trump National Golf Club Charlotte is the premiere club in North Carolina.   Will visit tomorrow.
Donald Trump returns to the 'Apprentice' boardroom  via @BW
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work. -- Stephen King
I am going to save Medicare and Medicaid Carson wants to abolish and failing candidate Gov. John Kasich doesn't have a clue - weak!
Via @Newsmax_Media by Cathy Burke: “Donald Trump on 2016 Bid: On Scale of 1-10 I'm 'Much More Than Five'” 
Trump’s Menie golf resort enjoys bumper first year  via @TheScotsman
Together we dream of a Korea that is free a peninsula that is safe and families that are reunited once again! 
So great to be in New York. Catching up on many things (remember I am still running a major business while I campaign) and loving it!
Republican Senators are overthinking tomorrow’s vote on National Emergency. It is very simply Border Security/No Crime - Should not be thought of any other way. We have a MAJOR NATIONAL EMERGENCY at our Border and the People of our Country know it very well!
I am pleased to announce that Kelly Knight Craft our current Ambassador to Canada is being nominated to be United States Ambassador to the United Nations....
Lightweight @DannyZuker is too stupid to see that China (and others) is destroying the U.S. economically and our leaders are helpless! SAD.
Crooked Hillary who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies has been a DISASTER on foreign policy. Look what's happening!
Now China is helping Iran smuggle nuclear parts  . China is not an ally but our country's greatest threat &amp; rival.
Violent crime is rising across the United States yet the DNC convention ignored it. Crime reduction will be one of my top priorities.
In one year Tariffs have rebuilt our Steel Industry - it is booming! We placed a 25% Tariff on “dumped” steel from China &amp; other countries and we now have a big and growing industry. We had to save Steel for our defense and auto industries both of which are coming back strong!
Thank you! 
Just confirmed that Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi’s number one replacement has been terminated by American troops. Most likely would have taken the top spot - Now he is also Dead!
Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you.  -- Aldous Huxley
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing the Republic of Georgia taxes the fledgling economy and Facebook 
We need a tax system that is FAIR to working FAMILIES &amp; that encourages companies to STAY in AMERICA GROW in AMERICA and HIRE in AMERICA! 
Under the Trump Administration African American unemployment is the lowest (best) in the history of the United States. No President has come close to doing this before! I also created successful Opportunity Zones. Waiting for Nancy and Elijah to say “Thank you Mr. President!”
“Mark Levin blasts Adam Schiff claims 'the law is on the president's side' on Ukraine” 
Let’s together Make America Great Again! Vote Trump at 
Thank you @LtStevenLRogers. We will respond to terrorism with strength in 2017!
Joined the @HouseGOP Conference this morning at the U.S. Capitol.  #PassTheBill #MAGA🇺🇸… 
Windmills are the greatest threat in the US to both bald and golden eagles. Media claims fictional ‘global warming’ is worse.
.@ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos had fantastic numbers last Sunday --- Trump interview. Nice!
Just talked to Governor Roy Cooper of North Carolina as Hurricane Dorian ominously comes up the East Coast. We are monitoring it at the @WhiteHouse ready to assist via our great team over at @FEMA who are already on site. We are with you all the way North Carolina. BE SAFE!
Sadly much truth to this! 
Put the glamour beauty &amp; mystery back in the Oscars and the ratings will zoom. Also &amp; most importantly the Oscars need credibility.
.@AndreaTantaros’s radio show is a great addition to talk radio. She is sharp talented &amp; great sense of humor. Congratulations.
Such a great honor. Final debate polls are in - and the MOVEMENT wins!#AmericaFirst #MAGA #ImWithYou… 
Now that the Mexican drug lord escaped from prison everyone is saying that most of the cocaine etc. coming into the U.S. comes over border!
This is more than a campaign- it is a movement. #MakeAmericaGreatAgainSIGN UP TODAY &amp; WE WILL WIN! 
Thank you Missouri - Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Great news - @TPPatriots are starting their own Super PAC to fight @KarlRove  (via @thehill) Go get em!
How the hell is Bruce Ohr still employed at the Justice Department? Disgraceful!  Witch Hunt!
Then ask: What am I pretending not to see? These two simple questions can pave the way for some very clear answers.
THANK YOU TOLEDO OHIO!
My @foxandfriends interview discussing #MissUSA Olivia Culpo the job numbers &amp; the waste of the Obama stimulus 
Mitt Romney did great in the debate last night.
America's relationship with China is at a crossroads. We only have a short window of time to make the tough (cont)  14:42:36,54,4,false,185014028706394112TwitLonger Beta,Sadly when it comes to using the energy industry to create American jobs Obama has been a total disaster. And (cont) 
Once John Kasich announced he was running for president and opened his mouth people realized he was a complete &amp; total dud!
My interview from last night with @piersmorgan discussing OWS  
What is happening in Atlantic City casino closures is very sad - but does anybody give me credit for getting out before its demise? Timing
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#INPrimary #
Thank you @MarkLevinShow! #MAGA 
.@BillMaher's so called show on HBO must be the cheapest "special" produced in the history of television--- it sucks!
The $85B sequester is just 2% of Obama's $3.5T record deficit spending budget.  Our leaders are ruining our children's future.
Congratulations to @SenScottBrown on running an aggressive &amp; fair campaign. Vote for Scott today New Hampshire!
Congratulations to Rex Tillerson on being sworn in as our new Secretary of State. He will be a star!
The ruling @GOP consultant class of losers like @KarlRove have no respect for the Tea Party.  They do this at their own peril!
Remember China is not a friend of the United States!
China is our enemy--they want to destroy us -- Redstate Interview
If we don’t have a wall system we’re not going to have a country. Congress must fund the BORDER WALL &amp; prohibit grants to sanctuary jurisdictions that threaten the security of our country &amp; the people of our country. We must enforce our laws &amp; protect our people! #BuildTheWall 
I really like Chelsea Clinton--an amazing young woman. She got the best of both parents. (@IvankaTrump agrees)
After a furious year of missile launches and Nuclear testing a historic meeting between North and South Korea is now taking place. Good things are happening but only time will tell!
...and now Alex Salmond pushes ugly turbines!
....again with China as our relationship with them continues to be a very good one. The quality of the transaction is far more important to me than speed. I am in no hurry but things look very good! There will be no reduction in the Tariffs currently being charged to China.
Why are people that I never even heard of testifying about the call. Just READ THE CALL TRANSCRIPT AND THE IMPEACHMENT HOAX IS OVER! Ukrain said NO PRESSURE. 
Cruz caught cold in lie after denial of push polls like lies w/ @RealBenCarson. How can he preach Christian values? 
#JobsNotMobs  
Do you think the 14 African nations that are banning West Africans from coming into their nations are being called racists? Perhaps not!
American steel &amp; American hands have constructed a 100000 ton message to the world: American MIGHT IS SECOND TO NONE!#USSGeraldRFord #USA 
Will be interviewed by @andersoncooper on @CNN tonight. Let’s see if he treats me fairly—enjoy!
Any fair minded person watching the Senate trial today would be able to see how unfairly I have been treated and that this is indeed the totally partisan Impeachment Hoax that EVERYBODY including the Democrats truly knows it is. This should never be allowed to happen again!
Will be at venue in wonderful South Carolina very soon. Big traffic back-up tremendous crowd! Will be wild.
Thank you to a #Trump2016 supporter for this video of my campaign- over the past 6 months. Video: 
The economy won't fully recover until  @ObamaCare is fully repealed. It is a job killer!
I am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate. Any negotiated increase by Congress to my proposal would still be lower than current!
NBC news is #FakeNews and more dishonest than even CNN. They are a disgrace to good reporting. No wonder their news ratings are way down!
“Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power.” – Lao Tzu
Is it possible for @megynkelly to cover anyone but Donald Trump on her terrible show. She totally misrepresents my words and positions! BAD.
Looking forward to Sunday’s speech in the ExCel Centre. 
Bernie Sanders on HRC: Bad Judgement. John Podesta on HRC: Bad Instincts. #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
The @rydercup is currently going on--and is one of the truly great sporting events.
Why do the losers &amp; haters always say I wear a “wig” when they know I don’t.  Like it or not it’s all mine—just ask Barbara Walters.
Maybe Obama should donate my $5M to the families of the 17 who have lost loved ones during the storm?
I havn't seen @tonyschwartz in many years he hardly knows me. Never liked his style. Super lib Crooked H supporter. Irrelevant dope!
On Monday ObamaCare kicks in with all goodies of 300% increased premiums higher taxes and part-time replacement employees.
John Solomon: Factual errors and major omissions in the Mueller Report show that it is totally biased against Trump.
....Too many voices are being destroyed some good &amp; some bad and that cannot be allowed to happen. Who is making the choices because I can already tell you that too many mistakes are being made. Let everybody participate good &amp; bad and we will all just have to figure it out!
.@oreillyfactor was very negative to me in refusing to to post the great polls that came out today including NBC. @FoxNews not good for me!
The Unaffordable Care Act sometimes referred to as ObamaCare is not working. Millions of people are losing their plans and doctors-fraud!
“Schiff House Intel Chairman Got Early Account of Whistle-Blower’s Accusations” SCHIFF IS A FRAUD!  
We are tracking closely tropical storm Dorian as it heads as usual to Puerto Rico. FEMA and all others are ready  and will do a great job. When they do let them know it and give them a big Thank You - Not like last time. That includes from the incompetent Mayor of San Juan!
Via @TIME by @ZekeJMiller: “Trump Talks Politics at His Virginia Winery” 
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.-- Vince Lombardi
.@_Just_Mads_ #asktrump 
Poland a great country - Congratulations on the 100th Anniversary of your Independence. I will never forget my time there! 
Amazing various celebrities were far harsher than me with political statements--- but media doesn't care about... 
For more information on tonight's two hour telethon 8 to 10 p.m.:  
Only 25 percent want the President Impeached which is pretty low considering the volume of Fake News coverage but pretty high considering the fact that I did NOTHING wrong. It is all just a continuation of the greatest Scam and Witch Hunt in the history of our Country!
Stopped by @TrumpDC to thank all of the tremendous men &amp; women for their hard work! 
Karen Handel's opponent in #GA06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent....
The Miss Universe Pageant raked in some great ratings!  A great job by everyone.
Thank you for a great night at the Verizon Wireless Arena- New Hampshire! #VoteTrumpNH#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN 
I'll be on @americanowradio with Andy Dean at 6:30 ET today talking about last night's @FoxNews debate.  
I really enjoyed doing the show circuit this AM discussing lightweight AG Eric Schneiderman &amp; the terrible job he has done for NY.
The Dollar is at an all-time WWII low against the Yen. The Fed's recklessness is going to lead to record inflation.
“The team with the best players wins.” -- @jack_welch
“Biden would be America’s Dream Candidate because there would be no more Tariffs no more demands that China stop stealing our IP things would go back to the old days with America’s manufacturers &amp; workers getting shafted. He has Zero Credibility!” @IngrahamAngle  So true!
Druggie A-Rod @MLB’s biggest fraud is lucky George Steinbrenner is no longer with us.  @Yankees would have voided his contract.
The NFL has decided that it will not force players to stand for the playing of our National Anthem. Total disrespect for our great country!
Thank you for your endorsement @GovernorSununu. #MAGA 
New Yorkers will get a chance to see a film for free this summer from @attnyc and @tribecafilmfest. My choice? Citizen Kane #FilmForAll
“Democrats don’t like the results of the Mueller Report so now they’re trying everything else.”  @RepDougCollins  They should stop wasting time and money and get back to real legislating especially on the Border!
“You're never a loser until you quit trying.” - Mike Ditka
Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning.
Hillary Clinton: 'Architect of failure'#DrainTheSwamp #
Excited to be speaking at @frankgaffney’s @securefreedom Iowa National Security Action Summit tomorrow at 1:30PM! 
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out. -- John Wooden
The @GOP primary voter spoke last night in VA-7 &amp; @DaveBratVA7th won going away. Now the party MUST stand behind him! Unity Unity Unity!
When will @BarackObama present an actual budget? Enough with the games.
Great working luncheon with U.S. and Japanese Delegations this afternoon! 
Thank you Kentucky! #MAGA🇺🇸 
Sorry if you come you will be immediately sent back! 
Jane Fonda and Michael Douglas look great!
There usually is an easy solution to every problem. For instance a lot of our country's problems can be solved in next year's election.
Jeb Bush should stop trying to defend his brother and focus on his own shortcomings and how to fix them. Also Rubio is hitting him hard!
Thanks! 
Congratulations to @SpeakerBoehner on standing strong and tying government shutdown to defunding ObamaCare.
Ring in 2015 in downtown New York’s most elite 5 Star hotel. @TrumpSoHo offers 46 luxurious stories of excellence 
Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and didn't get indicted while Bob M did?
Thank you for all of the nice statements on the Press Conference yesterday. Rush Limbaugh said one of greatest ever. Fake media not happy!
It was my great honor to deliver the #CGACommencement17 at the @USCGAcademy. CONGRATULATIONS to the Class of 2017!… 
Dave Hughes is running for Congress in the Great State of Minnesota. He will help us accomplish our America First policies is strong on Crime the Border our 2nd Amendmen Trade Military and Vets. Running against Pelosi Liberal Puppet Petterson. Dave has my Total Endorsement!
Congressman Matt Gaetz of Florida is one of the finest and most talented people in Congress. Strong on Crime the Border Illegal Immigration the 2nd Amendment our great Military &amp; Vets Matt worked tirelessly on helping to get our Massive Tax Cuts. He has my Full Endorsement!
Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning.
I will be on State of the Union @CNN with @jaketapper at 9am. Enjoy!
White House News Conference at 12:30 P.M. Thank you!

As long as we have faith in each other and confidence in our values then there is no challenge too great for us to conquer! #ALConv2017 
I will be interviewed by @TheBrodyFile on @CBNNews tonight at 11pm. Enjoy!
THANK YOU! #MAGA #KAG 
NBC News has totally and purposely changed the point and  meaning of my story about General Robert E Lee and General Ulysses Grant. Was actually a shoutout to warrior Grant and the great state in which he was born. As usual dishonest reporting. Even mainstream media embarrassed!
Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to......
I just returned from Iowa - what a beautiful state. The people are amazing and the event for Congressman Steve King was a great success!
I will stand with police and protect ALL Americans! #Debates2016 #MAGA 
The "Arab Spring" is not working out so well-nice name bad results!
Flashback – Jeb Bush received a $4M tax payer bailout in 1990   Guess who was POTUS then?
Thank you for a wonderful evening in Washington D.C. #Inauguration 
In Nashville Tennessee! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
It was an honor to welcome bipartisan members of Congress for a discussion on SAFE schools and SAFE communities. As we continue to mourn the loss of so many precious young lives in Parkland we are determined to turn our grief into action. Full meeting:  
As usual Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve are slow to act. Germany and others are pumping money into their economies. Other Central Banks are much more aggressive. The U.S. should have for all of the right reasons the lowest Rate. We don’t putting us at a.....

Wow Matt Lauer was just fired from NBC for “inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace.” But when will the top executives at NBC &amp; Comcast be fired for putting out so much Fake News. Check out Andy Lack’s past!
It was my great honor to host the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act Roundtable today at the @WhiteHouse! 
None of Romney's leaked comments change the fact that Obama is a complete disaster. 20% real unemployment and $6T in deficit spending.

House Republicans should not vote for the BAD DEMOCRAT Disaster Supplemental Bill which hurts our States Farmers &amp; Border Security. Up for vote tomorrow. We want to do much better than this. All sides keep working and send a good BILL for immediate signing!
I will be the best by far in fighting terror. I’m the only one that was right from the beginning &amp; now Lyin’ Ted &amp; others are copying me.
.... It is a very effective &amp; commonly used business tool.
BIG NEWS by @Hyundai @Kia and @Aptiv on a 4 BILLION DOLLAR joint venture to develop autonomous driving technologies in the USA. That’s a lot of $$ and JOBS! Great jobs coming back to America!!
Why would anyone in Kentucky listen to failed presidential candidate Rand Paul re: caucus. Made a fool of himself (1%.)KY his 2nd choice!
“To be successful you must become very good at finding creative solutions to what appear to be impossible problems.” – Think BIG
Today we commit to fighting the drug epidemic together! #UNGA 
Personally I think Douglas Durst’s brother got screwed by Douglas—no wonder he’s angry!
Things are looking great for Karen H!
Great new poll Iowa - thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou 
The press is going out of their way to convince people that I do not like or respect women when they know that it is just the opposite!
Somebody please wake up Mitt Romney and tell him that my conversation with the Ukrainian President was a congenial and very appropriate one and my statement on China pertained to corruption not politics. If Mitt worked this hard on Obama he could have won. Sadly he choked!
#SecondAmendment #2A#Debates 
Thanks to very brave Teacher &amp; Hero Jason Seaman of Noblesville Indiana for his heroic act in saving so many precious young lives. His quick and automatic action is being talked about all over the world!
Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also much easier &amp; quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better faster and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted or go to new source!
The Fake News Media is hurting our Country with its fraudulent and highly inaccurate coverage of Iran. It is scattershot poorly sourced (made up) and DANGEROUS. At least Iran doesn’t know what to think which at this point may very well be a good thing!
71% of Voters rate the Economy as Excellent or Good. The highest number in more than 18 years! @QuinnipiacPoll
In my opinion one of the worst utility companies in the country is Florida Power and Light.
...FAKE NEWS. I would like very much to stop referring to this ridiculous story but the LameStream Media just won’t let it alone. They always have to have the last word even though they know they are defrauding &amp; deceiving the public. The public knows that the Media is corrupt!
A top Clinton Foundation official said he could name “500 different examples” of conflicts of interest. 
Boycott @Macys no guts no glory. Besides there are far better stores!
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.  -- Abraham Lincoln
Thank you Charlotte North Carolina. Great afternoon! #ICYMI - I delivered a speech on urban renewal. Full speech:… 
Spitzer failed as A.G. failed as Governor in disgrace and was fired on all T.V. shows (boring and zero ratings) and he's at it again!
Hard to believe that with the Crisis on the Border the Dems won’t do the quick and easy fix. Would solve the problem but they want Open Borders which equals crime!
Great evening last night in  New Hampshire. Got the endorsement from the New England Police Union - big  territory great people! Thank you.
I want to see @BarackObama's college records to see how he listed his place of birth in the application.
.@FoxNews is devastated that lightweight Senator Marco Rubio got trounced tonight and is the big loser. I won the two big states great!
Congrats to @MiamiHEAT on winning @NBA championship. @MickyArison is a tremendous owner &amp; has done wonders for (cont) 
President @BarackObama's vacation is costing taxpayers millions of dollars----Unbelievable!
Thank you Mike! 
Happy 8th Anniversary to @MELANIATRUMP. 
....Schneiderman who ran the Clinton campaign in New York never had the guts to bring this ridiculous case which lingered in their office for almost 2 years. Now he resigned his office in disgrace and his disciples brought it when we would not settle.
Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results. - Think Like a Billionaire
Thank you so much for the wonderful article Robert Davi. 
Thank you Carmel Indiana! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow! #INPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
80% of Mexico’s Exports come to the United States. They totally rely on us which is fine with me. They do have though very strong Immigration Laws. The U.S. has pathetically weak and ineffective Immigration Laws that the Democrats refuse to help us fix. Will speak to Mexico!
Interesting that Roberts said it was a tax in order to come out with his good public relations decision when (cont) 
Django Unchained is the most racist movie I have ever seen it sucked!
....big fat waste of time energy and money - $30000000 to be exact. It is now finally time to turn the tables and bring justice to some very sick and dangerous people who have committed very serious crimes perhaps even Spying or Treason. This should never happen again!
Now @BarackObama wants us to believe the Republicans cancelled Keystone and are responsible for $4 gas. He (cont) 
Just like I have been able to spend far less money than  others on the campaign and finish #1 so too should our country. We can be great!

Thank you so much CLUB 45. You are truly Great Americans. See you in Florida! 
Today's EO established a commission on combating drug addiction and the opioid crisis. Watch listening session➡️… 
It was great being in Michigan. Remember I am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the U.S.and protect car industry!
I just gave lots of money away at Trump Tower to people who needed it...they were very happy and appreciative!
Today I was honored and proud to address the 45th Annual @March_for_Life! You are living witnesses of this year’s March for Life theme: #LoveSavesLives. 
After almost 3 years in my Administration Jason Greenblatt will be leaving to pursue work in the private sector. Jason has been a loyal and great friend and fantastic lawyer....
Thanks @RepDougCollins - TRUE! 
TO ALL AMERICANS🇺🇸
Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on women. Can't believe she would misrepresent the facts! My hit was on China
Hillary is the most corrupt person to ever run for the presidency of the United States. #DrainTheSwamp 
KEEPING THE SCHOOL SAFE ENCOURAGE YOUR FACULTY STAFF AND STUDENTS TO.... 
Deportations are “plummeting”  while Obama continues to grant amnesty.
I am in Ireland inspecting my great and very beautiful Atlantic Ocean property. It is one of the most spectacular hotels anywhere! DOONBEG
“It was classified to cover up misconduct by the FBI and the Justice Department in misleading the Court by using this Dossier in a dishonest way to gain a warrant to target the Trump Team. This is a Clinton Campaign document. It was a fraud and a hoax designed to target Trump....
Thanks Rush! @FoxNews 
As the Witch Hunt continues! 
AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS! 
John McCain never had any intention of voting for this Bill which his Governor loves. He campaigned on Repeal &amp; Replace. Let Arizona down!
.....other than the fact that this Administration has probably done more than any other Administration in its first 2 1/2 years of existence. Anthony who would do anything to come back in should remember the only reason he is on TV and it’s not for being the Mooch!
Why are we sending thousands of ill-trained soldiers into Ebola infested areas of Africa! Bring the plague back to U.S.? Obama is so stupid.
If the morons who killed all of those people at Charlie Hebdo would have just waited the magazine would have folded - no money no success!
Rep. Tlaib wrote a letter to Israeli officials desperately wanting to visit her grandmother. Permission was quickly granted whereupon Tlaib obnoxiously turned the approval down a complete setup. The only real winner here is Tlaib’s grandmother. She doesn’t have to see her now!
The New York Times Sanctuary Cities/Immigration story today was knowingly wrong on almost every fact. They never call to check for truth. Their sources often don’t even exist a fraud. They will lie &amp; cheat anyway possible to make me look bad. In 6 years they will be gone........
So great to have the endorsement and support of Paul Ryan. We will both be working very hard to Make America Great Again!
Saudi Arabia oil supply was attacked. There is reason to believe that we know the culprit are locked and loaded depending on verification but are waiting to hear from the Kingdom as to who they believe was the cause of this attack and under what terms we would proceed!
Via @NJcomsomerset BY @wobriensomerset: "@TigerWoods brings charity golf playoffs toTrump Nat'l/Bedminster" 
My great friends from NASCAR are having their big race today The Daytona 500. Brian France and the France family are special people. Enjoy the race!
#MakeAmericaWorkAgain#TrumpPence16 #RNCinCLE  
No surprise that @BBC is in a major scandal for shoddy journalism.  Any network that air’s @antbaxter’s garbage has zero credibility.
.@KatrinaPierson you did a fantastic job tonight on @FoxNews. Thank you for your very tough and very smart representation!
“They say Roger Stone lied to Congress.” @CNN  OH I see but so did Comey (and he also leaked classified information for which almost everyone other than Crooked Hillary Clinton goes to jail for a long time) and so did Andy McCabe who also lied to the FBI! FAIRNESS?
Ron DeSantis showed great courage in his hard fought campaign to become the Governor of Florida. Congratulations to Ron and family!
The question I was asked most today by fellow World Leaders who think the USA is doing so well and is stronger than ever before happens to be “Mr. President why does the American media hate your Country so much? Why are they rooting for it to fail?”
Watching Pyongyang terrorize Asia today is just amazing!
Trump’s Campaign Hat Becomes an Ironic Summer Accessory - The New York Times. 
All the haters and losers must admit that unlike others  I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart for his phony last name. Would never do that!
“Ax falls quickly at BuzzFeed and Huffpost!” Headline New York Post. Fake News and bad journalism have caused a big downturn. Sadly many others will follow. The people want the Truth!
Breaking news--negotiations with Iranians broke down because Obama insisted that they use ObamaCare.
My thoughts and prayers are with Evelyn Rodriguez this evening along with her family and friends. #RIPEvelyn 
My parents:"Trust in God and be true to yourself." -- Mary MacLeod Trump"Know everything you can about what you're doing."  Fred C. Trump
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral recieved rave reviews from both players and architectural critics following the Cadillac WGC.Thanks
Congratulations to my daughter Ivanka and her husband Jared on the birth of  their daughter Arabella Rose yesterday.
The Philadelphia Eagles Football Team was invited to the White House. Unfortunately only a small number of players decided to come and we canceled the event. Staying in the Locker Room for the playing of our National Anthem is as disrespectful to our country as kneeling. Sorry!
I have decided to terminate the planned Summit in Singapore on June 12th. While many things can happen and a great opportunity lies ahead potentially I believe that this is a tremendous setback for North Korea and indeed a setback for the world... 
The media and establishment want me out of the race so badly -  I WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE RACE WILL NEVER LET MY SUPPORTERS DOWN! #MAGA
My @FoxNews interview with @megynkelly discussing the 2012 election and the Newsmax-@iontv debate 
Fire at Trump Tower is out. Very confined (well built building). Firemen (and women) did a great job. THANK YOU!
The big problem for little @MacMiller is that he’s going to have to have another hit song not just his Donald Trump bonanza.
Do executives at @msnbc know that the business of TV centers on viewers &amp; ratings? @msnbc is #19 on cable  Sad.
Spoke with Governor @PatMcCroryNC of North Carolina today. He is doing a tremendous job under tough circumstances.
Failed presidential candidate Lindsey Graham should respect me. I destroyed his run brought him from 7% to 0% when he got out. Now nasty!
IG report on Andrew McCabe: Misled Investigators over roll in news media disclosure...Lacked Candor (Lied) on four separate occasions...Authotized Media Leaks to advance personal interests...IG RECOMMENDED MCCABE’S FIRING. @FoxNews @IngrahamAngle
I am very disappointed that Mexico is doing virtually nothing to stop illegal immigrants from coming to our Southern Border where everyone knows that because of the Democrats our Immigration Laws are totally flawed &amp; broken...
.@JimRenacci has worked so hard on Tax Reductions Illegal Immigration the Border and Crime. I need Jim very badly to help our agenda and to keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! He will be a fantastic  Senator for the Great State of Ohio and has my full endorsement!
The United States is now by far the Biggest Strongest and Most Powerful Economy in the World it is not even close! As others falter we will only get stronger. Consumers are in the best shape ever plenty of cash. Business Optimism is at an All Time High!
Thank you Eau Claire Wisconsin. #VoteTrump on Tuesday April 5th!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
By @kwrcrow: "Hey Washington Post; ‘Only You Hate Donald Trump’ or 'Is it FEAR?'" 
Under our horrible immigration laws the Government is frequently blocked from deporting criminal aliens with violent felony convictions. House GOP just passed a bill to increase our ability to deport violent felons (Crazy Dems opposed). Need to get this bill to my desk fast!
Via Breitbart - "Riding High in Polls Donald Trump Storms the American South to Overflow Crowds in Georgia"
If Sheena Monnin apologized for her mistake as she should have I would have treated her very nicely.
A message to the great people of New Hampshire on this important day! #VoteTrumpNH Video:  

The Trump Doctrine: Peace Through Strength. #Trump2016  
I have an idea for A-Rod---buy a home at @TrumpGolfLA overlooking the Pacific--will bring you better luck.
...Thank you @foxandfriends! Hopefully this is just the beginning of a massive story of injustice and treason. You will never learn this from the corrupt LameStream Media who get Pulitzer Prizes for reporting the story totally wrong. The ones who report it right get only RESPECT!
After Crooked @HillaryClinton allowed ISIS to rise she now claims she'll defeat them? LAUGHABLE! Here's my plan: 
Does anyone remember the fight @mcuban had w/ the referee—he was weak &amp; pathetic—a non-athlete trying to live life thru his players.
Heading to Iowa to a packed house. Just released polls all first place are amazing. Thank you!
We are working hard at the Border but we need a WALL!  In 2018 1.7 million pounds of narcotics seized 17000 adults arrested with criminal records and 6000 gang members including MS-13 apprehended. A big Human Trafficking problem.
....that we stand in solidarity with New Zealand – and that any assistance the U.S.A. can give we stand by ready to help. We love you New Zealand!
I'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October just prior to Election!
Ratings challenged @CNN reports so seriously that I call President Obama (and Clinton) "the founder" of ISIS &amp; MVP. THEY DON'T GET SARCASM?
When will the US government finally classify China as a currency manipulator? China is robbing us blind and @BarackObama defends them.
The Mueller Report which was written by 18 Angry Democrats who also happen to be Trump Haters (and Clinton Supporters) should have focused on the people who SPIED on my 2016 Campaign and others who fabricated the whole Russia Hoax. That is never forget the crime.....
I’m with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!  
So surprised to see Conservative thinkers like James Woods banned from Twitter and Paul Watson banned from Facebook! 

Reuters polling just out- thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
.@FoxNews Chris Wallace: “More evidence of Dem collusion with Russia than GOP” 
The many losers and haters never have the brains or stamina to become truly successful!
My @FoxNews interview last night with @Gretawire 
.@realbobmassi who does a show called "Bob Massi Is The Property Man" on @FoxNews really knows his stuff--a total pro!
Rexnord of Indiana made a deal during the Obama Administration to move to Mexico. Fired their employees. Tax product big that's sold in U.S.
ObamaCare must be fully repealed or it will destroy America's small businesses.
...a “source” of information (ask the Times what they paid for the Boston Globe &amp; what they sold it for (lost 1.5 Billion Dollars) or their old headquarters building disaster or their unfunded liability? @FoxNews is changing fast but they forgot the people who got them there!
Sadly it looks like Mexico’s Police and Military are unable to stop the Caravan heading to the Southern Border of the United States. Criminals and unknown Middle Easterners are mixed in. I have alerted Border Patrol and Military that this is a National Emergy. Must change laws!
Want to know why China is growing?  They can build the world’s tallest building in 90 days  Red tape would kill it here.
Based on the Tariffs and Trade Barriers long placed on the U.S. &amp; its great companies and workers by the European Union if these Tariffs and Barriers are not soon broken down and removed we will be placing a 20% Tariff on all of their cars coming into the U.S. Build them here!
Honest Omarosa: she won't backstab-she'll come at you from the front.
Great idea. This phony Impeachment Hoax should not even be allowed to proceed. Did NOTHING wrong. Just a partisan vote. Zero Republicans. Never happened before! 
Tennessee loving Bill Hagerty who was my Tennessee Victoy Chair and is now the very outstanding Ambassador to Japan will be running for the U.S. Senate. He is strong on crime borders &amp; our 2nd A. Loves our Military &amp; our Vets. Has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement!
I am honored that the great men and women of the @Teamsters have created a movement from within called Teamsters for Trump! Thank you.
So funny to watch people who have failed for years they got NOTHING telling me how to negotiate with North Korea. But thanks anyway!
....Germany pays 1% (slowly) of GDP towards NATO while we pay 4% of a MUCH larger GDP. Does anybody believe that makes sense? We protect Europe (which is good) at great financial loss and then get unfairly clobbered on Trade. Change is coming!
Departing New York with General James 'Mad Dog' Mattis for tonight's rally in Fayetteville North Carolina! See you… 
#JobsNotMobs!
America’s police officers have earned the everlasting gratitude of our Nation. In moments of danger &amp; despair you are the reason we never lose hope – because there are men &amp; women in uniform who face down evil &amp; stand for all that is GOOD and JUST and DECENT and RIGHT! #IACP2018 
Happy Birthday to the great @BillyGraham. He's done so many wonderful things not the least of which is his fantastic family. I love Billy!
Iran is desperate to develop nukes. Congress must increase sanctions against Iran.
Direct foreign investments continue to flow into China at over $100B a year   That's money that could be spent here.
Unrelated to Russia Russia Russia (although the Radical Left doesn’t use the name Russia anymore since the issuance of the Mueller Report) House Committee now plays the seldom used “Contempt” card on our great A.G. &amp; Sec. of Commerce - this time on the Census. Dems play a.....
Just finished another week of filming @ApprenticeNBC. This season a record 14th is shaping up to be the best yet.
Univision apologized to me but I will not accept their apology. I will be suing them for a lot of money. Miss U.S.A. contestants are hurt!
Remember @JebBush wants COMMON CORE (education from D.C.) and is very weak on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION ("come as act of love"). Not a leader!
All the contestants have arrived to compete in Trump Miss Universe Pageant in Las Vegas. Today’s welcoming ceremony will be terrific!
“The Kremlin is reportedly backing Bernie Sanders bid to win the White House.” Jon Scott  @FoxNews  Why didn’t somebody tell me this?
The dying @UnionLeader newspaper in NH is in turmoil over my comments about them- like a bully that got knocked out!
It's too bad so few people showed up to @bobvanderplaats Family Leader dinner. Next year I'll try &amp; be there- and they'll have a huge crowd!
94% Approval Rating in the Republican Party an all time high. Ronald Reagan was 87%. Thank you!
This is about the money I gave to charity--and in response to your comments about Gadhafi... 
Fake News reporting a complete fabrication that I am concerned about the meeting my wonderful son Donald had in Trump Tower. This was a meeting to get information on an opponent totally legal and done all the time in politics - and it went nowhere. I did not know about it!
Save Medicare.  Vote for @MittRomney.  He will repeal Obamacare on day one.
#ICYMI: Weekly Address ➡️ 
Great players in sports make the game fun to watch. @DerekJeter has continued to impress with another amazing season. Absolute professional.
The @CadillacChamp returns to @TrumpDoral on March 6th  Watch top golfers of the world battle the Blue Monster!
From the Southern Border.... 
I hope Newtown CT can now start to heal—but it won’t be easy!
Just saw the phony ad by Cruz - totally false more dirty tricks. He got caught in so many lies - is this man crazy?
...and borrow cheap!  You will thank me someday.
China is stealing our jobs. We need to demand China stop manipulating its currency and end its rampant corporate espionage.
This has been an incredible couple of weeks for AMERICA! 
Brian if I'm "well past the last exit to relevance" how come you spent so much time reading my tweets last night? @NBCNightlyNews
Many people listened to my phone call with the Ukrainian President while it was being made. I never heard any complaints. The reason is that it was totally appropriate I say perfect. Republicans have never been more unified and my Republican Approval Rating is now 95%!
 @johnjcarp61  At least we're talking about the #VA! We weren't a month ago! @realDonaldTrump @JohnMcCain
NYC’s sole hamman the bi-level @TrumpSoHo features indoor &amp; outdoor relaxation lounges with luxury services 

Wow! Such nice words from Robert Redford on my running for President. Thank you Robert. 
Making speech tonight in New Hampshire - leaving now. Fantastic people fantastic crowd!
Our representatives have just returned from China where they had constructive talks having to do with a future Trade Deal. We thought we had a deal with China three months ago but sadly China decided to re-negotiate the deal prior to signing. More recently China agreed to...
I'm with YOU! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
Thank you @DonaldJTrumpJr &amp; @EricTrump. #Trump2016 
DC has shrunk our military and exploded our country with debt. We can’t send another politician to the White House 
Congratulations @MarianoRivera! 
If the Democrats think they are going to waste Taxpayer Money investigating us at the House level then we will likewise be forced to consider investigating them for all of the leaks of Classified Information and much else at the Senate level. Two can play that game!
Harry Reid when he was sane agreed with us on Birthright Citizenship! 
Paul Ryan said that I inherited something very special the Republican Party. Wrong I didn't inherit it I won it with millions of voters!
Leakin’ Lyin’ James Comey! 
My interview with Andy Dean on @americanowradio- I told him what I really thought about the @FoxNews debate. 
The Cruz-Kasich pact is under great strain. This joke of a deal is falling apart not being honored and almost dead. Very dumb!
WOW - Mesa Arizona! Look forward to joining everyone soon. Something’s happening!! #MAGA🇺🇸 
So professional of @ABC news to throw out the failing @UnionLeader newspaper from their debate. Paper won't survive highly unethical!
God never takes away something from your life without replacing it with something better. --Rev. @BillyGraham
“To this point President Trump’s achievements are unprecedented.”  @LouDobbs
Mexico’s totally corrupt gov’t looks horrible with El Chapo’s escape—totally corrupt. U.S. paid them $3 billion.
I've been saying it for a long long time. #NoKo 
The “Squad” is a very Racist group of troublemakers who are young inexperienced and not very smart. They are pulling the once great Democrat Party far left and were against humanitarian aid at the Border...And are now against ICE and Homeland Security. So bad for our Country!
RECKLESS! @BarackObama has now increased the debt more than any other POTUS and the first 42 combined. 
Very proud of perhaps the greatest golf course anywhere in the world. Also furthers U.K. relationship! 
That’s right @RepBost! Thank you for your support in helping put America back to work. It’s about JOBS JOBS JOBS for our incredible workers and putting AMERICA FIRST! 
Congressman Adam Smith the new Chairman of the House Armed Services Committee just stated “Yes there is a provision in law that says a president can declare an emergency. It’s been done a number of times.” No doubt but let’s get our deal done in Congress!
Great and we should boycott Fake News CNN. Dealing with them is a total waste of time! 
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. -- Thomas A. Edison
What is better advice- "The Art of the Deal" or "Rules for Radicals"? I know which one @BarackObama prefers.
After a wonderful dinner at the @USTreasury last night with the Amir of Qatar @TamimBinHamad it was my great honor to welcome him to the @WhiteHouse this afternoon! 
...(enthusiastic dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong).To bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain
.@seanhannity on @foxandfriends now! Great! 8:18 A.M.
My golf club @TrumpNationalNY in Westchester a great place! 
MILITARY LIVES MATTER! END GUN FREE ZONES! OUR SOLDIERS MUST BE ABLE TO PROTECT THEMSELVES! THIS HAS TO STOP!
Just be tough be strong be willing to learn – and you will learn. Don’t be afraid of mistakes or setbacks.  Think Like a Champion
Biden doesn’t have a clue! I will solve the China problem. 
Receiving the @RobbReport trophy for best new golf course in the world- Trump International Golf Links Scotland. 
“BET founder: Trump's economy is bringing black workers back into the labor force” 
Watching my beautiful wife Melania speak about our love of country and family. We will make you all very proud.… 
My friend @ChristianJosi is making a very special LP. Follow him. Conservative leader by day likely 2015 GRAMMY winner by night. #LEGENDS
“You're never a loser until you quit trying.” - Mike Ditka
.@loudobbsnews did a fantastic interview with syndicated columnist Michelle Malkin. Congrats to both!
.@THEGaryBusey returns to @CelebApprentice All-Stars this season. His streak of chaos and havoc continues!
In this time of economic turmoil where millions of Americans are unemployed our tax dollars are paying @BillMoyers' big @PBS salary!
.@TheView T.V. show which is failing so badly that it will soon be taken off thr air is constantly asking me to go on. I TELL THEM "NO"
Thank you @Morning_Joe &amp; @morningmika -- a great show! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Join me on #FacebookLive as I conclude my final #debate preparations. 
....and they are both only getting bigger better and stronger.....Thank you Mr. President!
Congressman Tom Reed of New York’s 23rd District has done a great job. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
We need a balanced budget Amendment because Congress has no fiscal discipline.

I will always stand with the State of Israel and the Jewish people. I strongly support their safety and security and their right to live within their historical homeland. It's time for peace! 
General Petreus and his family are paying a big price!
....back the House. It will be truly great HealthCare that will work for America. Also Republicans will always support Pre-Existing Conditions. The Republican Party will be known as the Party of Great HealtCare. Meantime the USA is doing better than ever &amp; is respected again!
Millions losing healthcare plans despite President Obama's promise that this WOULD NOT HAPPEN! What about a massive protest march on D.C.
Thank you Jeffrey Lord for the great article discrediting third rate @BuzzFeed site &amp; slimebag reporter McKay Coppins.@PiersMorgan @AmSpec
The economy is bad and getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter. Nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs). MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
General Michael Flynn the 33 year war hero who has served with distinction has not retained a good lawyer he has retained a GREAT LAWYER Sidney Powell. Best Wishes and Good Luck to them both!
NBC Wall St Journal Poll of African American voters: 94% @BarackObama 0% @MittRomney.Even worse than Hillary's old numbers. Is that racism?
Scotland is having a virtual revolt over obsolete wind turbines which are driving up energy costs and killing the bird population (and more)
The NRA is under siege by Cuomo and the New York State A.G. who are illegally using the State’s legal apparatus to take down and destroy this very important organization &amp; others. It must get its act together quickly stop the internal fighting &amp; get back to GREATNESS - FAST!
....Also why is Mueller only appointing Angry Dems some of whom have worked for Crooked Hillary others including himself have worked for Obama....And why isn’t Mueller looking at all of the criminal activity &amp; real Russian Collusion on the Democrats side-Podesta Dossier?
My offer to Obama is about transparency. In 2008 American people were sold on hope and change. This our last chance to get the full record.
They don’t have a clue but I do. The USA is doing great despite the Fed! 
“Iran to defy Uranium Stockpile Limits”
Sitting at the foot of the Whitestone Bridge @TrumpFerryPoint is an 18-hole @jacknicklaus signature course 
Fake News of which there is soooo much (this time the very tired New Yorker) falsely reported that I was going to take the extraordinary step of denying Intelligence Briefings to President Obama. Never discussed or thought of!
If you are lucky enough to catch a knockout assaulter before getting slugged and you carry a gun shoot the bastard (teach them a lesson)!
CHINESE VIRUS FACT CHECK 
Join me in Wisconsin tomorrow or Colorado on Tuesday!Green Bay-  Springs- 1pm… 
The White House is continuing to be openly uncooperative with the Fast and Furious investigation. American lives were lost. We need answers.
“Destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business – so give it a chance to work.” – Think Like a Champion
Bipartisan Humanitarian Aid Bill for the Southern Border just passed. A great job done by all! Now we must work to get rid of the Loopholes and fix Asylum. Thank you also to Mexico for the work being done on helping with Illegal Immigration - a very big difference!
I still don’t know who I’m going to choose. @GeraldoRivera or @LeezaGibbons? Who do you like?  @ApprenticeNBC
Join me on Monday April 4th in Milwaukee! #WIPrimary #Trump2016Tickets:  
Nice story from @businessinsider 
Tonight's episode of The Apprentice is one you won't want to miss! Be sure to tune in--10 p.m. on NBC.
The Fake News Media wants so badly to see a major confrontation with Russia even a confrontation that could lead to war. They are pushing so recklessly hard and hate the fact that I’ll probably have a good relationship with Putin. We are doing MUCH better than any other country!
“He misled (Rep. Adam Schiff) MILLIONS of people for the sake of making the case for impeachment. Completely fabricated account out of thin air!” @MillerStream @BlazeTV 
....as we have done it could have been soooo much better. Interest rate costs should have been much lower &amp; GDP &amp; our Country’s wealth accumulation much higher. Such a waste of time &amp; money. Also very unfair that other countries manipulate their currencies and pump money in!
....at a conclusion of NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION! The Dems were unhappy with the outcome of the $40M Mueller Report so now they want a do-over.
Surprise @oreillyfactor used my name big league in pre-ads to promote the show—then talked about everyone else but me!
You cannot pass legislation on immigration whether it be for safety and security or any other reason including “heart” without getting Dem votes. Problem is they don’t care about security and R’s do. Zero Dems voted to support the Goodlatte Bill. They won’t vote for anything!
Many people would like to see @Nigel_Farage represent Great Britain as their Ambassador to the United States. He would do a great job!
With our border not being secure Obama is giving a pathway to terrorists to enter our country. An attack is on him.
#RiyadhSummit #POTUSAbroad🇺🇸 

Peggy Noonan the simplistic writer for Trump Haters all is stuck in the past glory of Reagan and has no idea what is happening with the Radical Left Democrats or how vicious and desperate they are. Mueller had to correct his ridiculous statement Peggy never understood it!
Thank you for your support! Being #PoliticallyCorrect will NOT #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  
Wow-Record ratings for WGC Cadillac Championship at Trump National Doral's Blue Monster-Most watched in seven years. CONGRATS to@Tiger Woods
Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. Get tough!
Expecting a great crowd of amazing people. Questions will be live! #TrumpToday
Aside from having no ratings sleazy Ed Schultz lied about what I said. Thank you Scott Whitlock @ScottJW  
Gallup just gave us the highest rating ever for the way we are handling the CoronaVirus situation. The April 2009-10 Swine Flu where nearly 13000 people died in the U.S. was poorly handled. Ask MSDNC &amp; lightweight Washington failure @RonaldKlain who the President was then?
Lots of response to my Pattinson/Kristen Stewart reunion. She will cheat again--100 certain--am I ever wrong?
This shows what a complete &amp; total liar Ted Cruz is- he said he wouldn't have nominated John Roberts. Really? 
A regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your horizons. Learning is a new beginning.
Governor @Mike_Pence and I will be in Cleveland Ohio tomorrow night at 7pm - join us! #MAGATickets:… 
Lou Barletta will be a great Senator for Pennsylvania but his opponent Bob Casey has been a do-nothing Senator who only shows up at election time. He votes along the Nancy Pelosi Elizabeth Warren lines loves sanctuary cities bad and expensive healthcare...
Working hard to get the Olympics for the United States (L.A.). Stay tuned!
Fast trial and death penalty for maniac in Colorado--- immediately pass speed up legislation.
Good luck #TeamUSA#OpeningCeremony #Rio2016 
....The United States should not be penalized because we are doing so well. Tightening now hurts all that we have done. The U.S. should be allowed to recapture what was lost due to illegal currency manipulation and BAD Trade Deals. Debt coming due &amp; we are raising rates - Really?
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party and record setting fundraising that has taken place over the past two weeks. Thank you!
You will love Celebrity Apprentice tonight - 9 PM on NBC. Must watch from beginning - two early firings!
DACA has been made increasingly difficult by the fact that Cryin’ Chuck Schumer took such a beating over the shutdown that he is unable to act on immigration!
It’s very sad that the administration isn’t sending anyone to Margaret Thatcher’s funeral. She was a big U.S. supporter.
“Build confidence starting with small successes that lead to greater and greater successes--there is nothing like winning." -Think Big
Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it!
The owner of California Gold just made a jerk (fool) out of himself. Just smile and congrat the winner. His wife was visibly embarrassed!
Nancy just said she “just doesn’t understand why?” Very simply without a Wall it all doesn’t work. Our Country has a chance to greatly reduce Crime Human Trafficking Gangs and Drugs. Should have been done for decades. We will not Cave!
Attention all hackers: You are hacking everything else so please hack Obama's college records (destroyed?) and check "place of birth"
The golden rule for every businessman is this: 'Put yourself in your customer's place.'--Orison Swett Marden
To all young entrepreneurs entering the business world - stay positive focused and remember everything has its ups and downs.
Vince McMahon shows the crowd one of the greatest moments in WWE History. #WWEHOF 
Happy National Anthem Day! 
Via @freep: "Trump to speak to GOP" 
Anybody whose mind "SHORT CIRCUITS" is not fit to be our president! Look up the word "BRAINWASHED."
The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD
Farmers have been on a downward trend for 15 years. The price of soybeans has fallen 50% since 5 years before the Election. A big reason is bad (terrible) Trade Deals with other countries. They put on massive Tariffs and Barriers. Canada charges 275% on Dairy. Farmers will WIN!
George Will may be the dumbest(and most overrated) political commentator of all time. If the Republicans listen to him they will lose.
Don't forget Benghazi.
Just announced that Iraq (U.S.) is preparing for battle to reclaim Mosul. Why do they have to announce this? Makes mission much harder!
My interview with @gretawire last night -- "Everything Obama Does is a 'Campaign Speech'"  
“If it’s worth doing it’s worth fighting for. You’ll have lots of people and obstacles in your way. Work &amp; fight to get beyond them."

Do you believe @algore is blaming global warming for the hurricane?
Thank you Nashville Tennessee! 
The reason that the small truck business in the U.S. is such a go to favorite is that for many years Tariffs of 25% have been put on small trucks coming into our country. It is called the “chicken tax.” If we did that with cars coming in many more cars would be built here.....
They asked me to dress as Santa Claus to open Miss Universe tonight—I’m thinking about it!
If you want to know about Hillary Clinton's honesty &amp; judgment ask the family of Ambassador Stevens.
I have informed @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy and all Republicans in the House that I fully support transparency on so-called whistleblower information but also insist on transparency from Joe Biden and his son Hunter on the millions of dollars that have been quickly and easily....
....visible members of the House Democrats who are now wedded to this bitterness and hate. The Republican vote was 187-4. Wow! Also this was the first time since 1984 that the Speaker of the House was ruled Out of Order and broke the Rules of the House. Quite a day!
U.S. Stock Market up almost 20% since Election!
More and more Americans seem fed up with both Parties----I agree.
THANK YOU you Dallas Texas. See you tomorrow night at the American Airlines Center! #TRUMP2020 
Based on John Sweeney's lousy reputation we are airing large parts of the interview that were not shown- enjoy! 
After seven years of "talking" Repeal &amp; Replace the people of our great country are still being forced to live with imploding ObamaCare!
Our country has tremendous potential. Together we can fix Washington. Let’s Make America Great Again! 
“Incomes much higher under Trump than Bush Obama.” @foxandfriends And almost everything else is better also (except I am driving the Deep State and the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats CRAZY)!
Thank you Pueblo Colorado! #TrumpRally # 
A$AP Rocky released from prison and on his way home to the United States from Sweden. It was a Rocky Week get home ASAP A$AP!
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as an organization. Pay attention to every facet of your life. What's strong? What's weak? What's missing?
Via @dallasnews’ @neighborsgo by Heather Noel: Shelton School graduate receives handwritten note from Donald Trump 
....be leaving office on August 15th. I would like to thank Dan for his great service to our Country. The Acting Director will be named shortly.
This Sunday at 9/8C the real playoffs begin with the premiere of @apprenticenbc! Game on in the Boardroom... 
“What has happened to Roger Stone should never happen to anyone in our Country again.” @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews
Pastor Andrew Brunson released by Turkey will be with me in the Oval Office at 2:30 P.M. (this afternoon). It will be wonderful to see and meet him. He is a great Christian who has been through such a tough experience. I would like to thank President @RT_Erdogan for his help!
Golf Channel & Donald Trump's World of Golf host a Celebrity Match 1/25 @ TNGC LA CA - Mark Wahlberg vs. Kevin Dillon 
Obama wants to unilaterally put a no-fly zone in Syria to protect Al Qaeda Islamists  Syria is NOT our problem.
Must read @AmSpec article by Jeffrey Lord: “The Ruling Class Liberty Medal” 
Entrepreneurs: Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example.
Robert Slater who just passed away was a terrific writer who wrote a very fair book about me. He will be missed. 
“Donald Trump: Karl Rove Has Done Ashley Judd A Favor”  via @SheKnows
Wow ratings for “Morning Joe” which were really bad in the first place just “tanked” with the release of the Mueller Report. Likewise other shows on MSNBC and CNN have gone down by as much as 50%. Just shows Fake News never wins!
Entrepreneurs: Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing.
Can’t believe @ATT keeps the management after yet another @CNN ratings dive. Nobody watching NO CREDIBILITY! Maybe they should make changes at AT&amp;T? 
Excited to see @SixteenChicago’s  “elevated fine dining” explored by @USAToday @10Best! 
NEW EXTREME DEMS NOW RUNNING THE PARTY! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them?
“Interested is interesting. If you remember that simple rule you will have no trouble making conversation.”- Think Like a Billionaire
China OPEC and Russia laugh at us. But now thanks to Obama so does Syria. Very sad!
I will be announcing my Second Term Presidential Run with First Lady Melania Vice President Mike Pence and Second Lady Karen Pence on June 18th in Orlando Florida at the 20000 seat Amway Center. Join us for this Historic Rally! Tickets: 
The NFL should have its non-profit status immediately revoked while at the same time ending the giant tax scam which makes teams so valuable
Marco Rubio would keep Barack Obama’s executive order on amnesty intact. See article. Cannot be President.      
Wow Vanity Fair was totally shut out at the National Magazine Awards - it got NOTHING. Graydon Carter is a loser with bad food restaurants!
Chris Jacobs will be a great Congressman who will always fight for the people of New York. He supports our #MAGA Agenda will continue to Secure Our Border Loves our Military Vets and is Strong on the #2A. Chris has my Complete Endorsement for the Special Election on 4/28!
The Veterans of our country have been treated like third class citizens for many years...
Anybody that believes in strong borders and stopping illegal immigration cannot vote for Marco Rubio  READ THIS: 
Thank you Massachusetts! #Trump2016 #SuperTuesday
Thoughts and prayers for those in the floods affecting the great people of South Carolina.
Little @MacMiller I’m now going to teach you a big boy lesson about lawsuits and finance. You ungrateful dog!
Just watched @Patriots Bill Belichick’s news conference. He did a great job—smart concise truthful!
In your planning know how much risk you can take. Evaluate whether the returns will be worth the risk.
Great new book out “Mad Politics: Keeping Your Sanity in a World Gone Crazy” by @RealDrGina Loudon. Go out and get your copy today — a great read!
#1. Be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
Perhaps never in the history of our Country has someone been more thoroughly disgraced and excoriated than James Comey in the just released Inspector General’s Report. He should be ashamed of himself!
A great article about how ObamaCare has even further complicated the tax code and will hurt housing market 
Negotiation tip: Be patient be persistent be stubborn. Know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself.
My @gretawire interview discussing @billlmaher's comments attacks on @MittRomney and @CNN &amp; @msnbctv's low ratings 
....”I would like to have the Attorney General (of the United States) call you or your people.....” This based on what I have seen is their big point - and it is no point at a all (except for a big win for me!). The Democrats should apologize to the American people!
Shifty Schiff now seems to think they don’t need the Whistleblower who started the whole Scam. The reason is that the Whistleblower has lost all credibility because the story is so far from the facts on the Transcript. Also the second Whistleblower is no longer even mentioned!
Why would the people of Texas support Ted Cruz when he has accomplished absolutely nothing for them. He is another all talk no action pol!
Stop calling my office to do your show I have more important things to do with my time--- nobody's watching you! @lawrence
Thank you Washington! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
“Nancy Pelosi has no leverage over the Senate. Mitch McConnell did not nose his way into the impeachment process in the House and she has no standing in the Senate.” Brad Blakeman. Crazy Nancy should clean up her filthy dirty District &amp; help the homeless there. A primary for N?
Nancy Pelosi just said “I don’t know if we can be ready this week.” In other words it’s off to vacation for the Do Nothing Democrats. That’s been the story with them for 1 1/2 years!
The worst negotiators in history (otherwise known as Republicans) have just offered to suspend debt ceiling for four months. Pathetic!
I will not let you down! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
Brandon Judd National Border Patrol Council: “That’s going to be a huge deal because Mexico will be using their strong Immigration Laws - A game changer. People no longer will be released into the U.S.” Also 6000 Mexican Troops at their Southern Border. Currently there are few!
The new reality – China’s demand for oil now controls the market   And OPEC gets away with ripping us off at $105!
You have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - Think Big,01-23-2013 21:42:35,1311,468,false,294198466652028928Twitter Web Client,Almost every television network wants me badly—but I stay loyal to @NBC.,01-23-2013 21:17:44,163,159,false,294192216136630273Twitter Web Client,Top brand impact is what television is all about from the commercial standpoint—a big deal for @CelebApprentice.,01-23-2013 21:16:47,13,8,false,294191976969035776Twitter Web Client,.@CelebApprentice having “top brand impact 2012”  ahead of Idol Survivor X Factor &amp; all others has caused quite a stir- no surprise!,01-23-2013 21:16:04,24,16,false,294191793774395393Twitter Web Client,I just saw my new tie &amp; shirt collection—it’s fantastic—unbelievable look. Go to Macy’s now to buy!,01-23-2013 21:10:39,61,41,false,294190433003786240Twitter Web Client,@AndeyR @rodstewart  Thanks Andey.,01-23-2013 20:53:10,0,1,false,294186031647961090Twitter Web Client,@crconnections  Thanks and enjoy.,01-23-2013 20:51:41,0,0,false,294185659772583936Twitter Web Client,“We have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork.” - Milton Friedman,01-23-2013 20:31:10,885,269,false,294180493887410176Twitter Web Client,@Larkyjunior @tomclaridge84 @daveydanger @MELANIATRUMP  Thank you.,01-23-2013 20:23:50,0,0,false,294178651199647744Twitter Web Client,@scotty752 @MELANIATRUMP Thanks Scott.,01-23-2013 20:21:54,0,0,false,294178162592608259Twitter Web Client,.@billmaher has not yet sent me the $5M he owes which I am giving to various charities. Come on Bill—you made a deal.,01-23-2013 20:08:38,211,106,false,294174826535477248Twitter Web Client,@LeCirqueNYC  Thanks Sirio--great food!,01-23-2013 20:06:23,1,1,false,294174258366648321Twitter Web Client,@GZervs  Work hard be focused and keep your momentum at full speed.,01-23-2013 19:57:41,2,10,false,294172067815907328Twitter Web Client,Do you notice the silence lately on wind turbine monstrosities? The people of Scotland &amp; many other countries are fighting back.,01-23-2013 19:49:29,46,26,false,294170005103316992Twitter Web Client,@mamaberg63  True!,01-23-2013 19:47:02,0,0,false,294169387991175168Twitter Web Client,@unique4x  Thanks.,01-23-2013 19:45:56,2,0,false,294169111787884544Twitter Web Client,@amilcaralvarez  Great! Good luck!,01-23-2013 19:45:05,0,0,false,294168899732250624Twitter Web Client,@dtraiNYC  Work hard and thanks.,01-23-2013 19:44:20,1,6,false,294168711571582978Twitter Web Client,@brogfro  That's true!,01-23-2013 19:43:49,0,1,false,294168580386349056Twitter Web Client,@trentdav  Thanks.,01-23-2013 19:43:17,0,0,false,294168445195538432Twitter Web Client,In 2010 alone our trade deficit with China cost over 566000 jobs   This is unsustainable for the American worker.,01-23-2013 19:29:12,91,25,false,294164901662953473Twitter Web Client,Health insurance premiums are rising by double digits   Another tax to the consumer by Obama Care.  Enjoy!,01-23-2013 19:27:39,287,52,false,294164513547223040Twitter Web Client,There is no world problem which cannot be solved if people of good will &amp; intelligence want it to be.,01-23-2013 19:18:43,365,159,false,294162261789003776Twitter Web Client,I still can’t believe we left Iraq without the oil.,01-23-2013 19:14:42,7884,4787,false,294161251137884160Twitter Web Client,@asphipp @TraceAdkins @CelebApprentice  March 3rd on NBC at 9 pm EST,01-23-2013 19:07:45,1,1,false,294159502201212929Twitter Web Client,Please tell me what is going on with the Republicans?,01-23-2013 18:41:53,2338,2209,false,294152993111146497Twitter Web Client,Exxon donated $250g to Obama's inaugural  I guess the Democrats have no problem accepting money from 'big oil.',01-23-2013 18:37:04,585,137,false,294151779652874241Twitter Web Client,Stamps are going up once again. Now the US postal service will lose even more money.,01-23-2013 18:24:45,149,52,false,294148680754270208Twitter Web Client,Congratulations to @netanyahu on his electoral victory.  He will now be the longest serving @IsraeliPM.  A great leader.,01-23-2013 18:20:02,193,89,false,294147495901134848Twitter Web Client,Back by popular demand @TraceAdkins delivers in the upcoming @CelebApprentice All-Stars season. Yes he sings.,01-23-2013 16:29:11,36,36,false,294119596829589504Twitter Web Client,Be sure to read my column in @cnni “Europe is terrific place for investment”  16:05:52,37,32,false,294113730462101505Twitter Web Client,The New York Times should never have moved out of their magnificent original home...,01-23-2013 15:57:32,25,11,false,294111632680951810Twitter Web Client,... in order to occupy space in a truly ugly office building in a much worse location!,01-23-2013 15:57:27,10,7,false,294111611482931201Twitter Web Client,When the New York Times sold their beautiful long-time building for peanuts &amp; the buyer flipped it for a massive profit—they lost me!,01-23-2013 15:55:06,39,17,false,294111020006391808Twitter Web Client,“I can accept failure everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying.” – Michael Jordan,01-23-2013 15:18:14,1544,497,false,294101744001110016Twitter Web Client,I cannot believe the Republicans are extending the debt ceiling—I am a Republican &amp; I am embarrassed!,01-23-2013 14:50:58,389,177,false,294094883394838528Twitter Web Client,“Pride yourself on your ability to find creative solutions to tough problems.   - Think Big
Last time I went to Davos the Fake News said I should not go there. This year because of the Shutdown I decided not to go and the Fake News said I should be there. The fact is that the people understand the media better than the media understands them!
The best vision is insight. --Malcolm Forbes
....the only Collusion with Russia was with the Democrats so now they are looking at my Tweets (along with 53 million other people) - the rigged Witch Hunt continues! How stupid and unfair to our Country....And so the Fake News doesn’t waste my time with dumb questions NO....
Greg Murphy won big 62% to 37% in North Carolina 03 &amp; the Fake News barely covered the race. The win was far bigger than anticipated - there was just nothing the Fakers could say to diminish or demean the scope of this victory. So we had TWO BIG VICTORIES tonight Greg &amp; Dan!
As a tribute to the late great Phyllis Schlafly I hope everybody can go out and get her latest book THE CONSERVATIVE CASE FOR TRUMP.
Heading for Atlanta tomorrow morning for noon speech at North Atlanta Trade Center. Big crowds great people!
A clip of my upcoming interview with @DavidBrody discussing #TimeToGetTough @Israel and the Islamist winter  
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
China’s 2nd Quarter growth is the slowest it has been in more than 27 years. The United States Tariffs are having a major effect on companies wanting to leave China for non-tariffed countries. Thousands of companies are leaving. This is why China wants to make a deal....
It was my great honor to speak at the Faith &amp; Freedom Coalition Conference today in Washington D.C. Thank you! #RTM2019 
“Pelosi Blatantly Lies During @GMA Interview About Schiff's Reading of Ukraine Transcript”
When will Pakistan apologize to us for providing safe sanctuary to Osama Bin Laden for 6 years?! Some "ally."
.@MarshaBlackburn is a wonderful woman who has always been there when we have needed her. Great on the Military Border Security and Crime. Loves and works hard for the people of Tennessee. She has my full endorsement and I will be there to campaign with her!
Have passion drive and enthusiasm? You can check out the @TrumpCollection careers here: 
Political strategist Stuart Stevenswho led Romney down the tubes in what should have been an easy victoryhas terrible political instincts!
I would love to be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship @TrumpDoral in Miami- but even more so in Orlando with the #TrumpTrain!
He's saddled our children with more debt than we accumulated in 225 years in America. @BarackObama has done an (cont) 
have been allowed to run - guilty as hell. They were VERY nice to her. She lost because she campaigned in the wrong states - no enthusiasm!
Thank you Graham Ledger of the Daily Ledger @OANN for your really fair coverage and your great interview with Peter Roff of U.S. NEWS &amp; W.R.
Thank you Arizona! #Trump2016#WesternTuesday #TrumpTrain 
.@TrumpGolfLA has panoramic Pacific Ocean views features a 7242-yard public course designed by Pete Dye 
THANK YOU to the amazing staff and their families of the United States Embassy in the Philippines. Keep up the GREAT WORK! 
Happy birthday to the great @TheLeeGreenwood. You and your beautiful song have made such a difference. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
“Kim Jong Un says North Korea will not make or test nuclear weapons or give them to others - &amp; he is ready to meet President Trump anytime.” PBS News Hour. I also look forward to meeting with Chairman Kim who realizes so well that North Korea possesses great economic potential!
Thank you @PeterSchweizer! 
Why Franklin Graham says Donald Trump is right about stopping Muslim immigration  
....starts today election is on December 4th. @VoteBradRaff is tough on Crime and Borders Loves our Military and Vets. He will be great for jobs!
Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution not the problem. And never give up!
Democrats used to support border security — now they want illegals to pour through our borders.
Exclusive -- Donald Trump Jr. to Obama: My Dad Fixed the Economy You Could Not  via @BreitbartNews
I am monitoring Hurricane Dorian and receiving frequent briefings and updates. It is important to heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. This is an extremely dangerous storm please prepare and be safe! @FEMA @NWS @NOAA @Readygov @FLSERT 
Keep an eye on Anthony Weiner. Weasels are hard to get rid of.
Remember what I said about @BarackObama attacking Iran before the election--I hope the Iranians are not so (cont) 
The Great State of Tennessee is so close to passing School Choice. All of our Nation’s children regardless of background deserve a shot at achieving the American Dream! Time to get this done so important!
If we do not protect the rule of law then we can expect even more illegals to cross the border. Obama’s executive amnesty is dangerous.
Funny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. I will bring jobs back!
China posts slowest economic numbers since 1990 due to U.S. trade tensions and new policies. Makes so much sense for China to finally do a Real Deal and stop playing around!
Via @Slate: Who won the #GOPDebate? 

The stage is set for the real debate--it will be very interesting!
The globalist Koch Brothers who have become a total joke in real Republican circles are against Strong Borders and Powerful Trade. I never sought their support because I don’t need their money or bad ideas. They love my Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts Judicial picks &amp; more. I made.....
...Senators should focus their energies on ISIS illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start World War III.
.@BrookslawBrooks  Thank you so much for your nice words. I will make you look very smart!
You can have the best product in the world but if people don't know about it it's not going to be worth much.  The Art of The Deal
Never said when an attack on Syria would take place. Could be very soon or not so soon at all! In any event the United States under my Administration has done a great job of ridding the region of ISIS. Where is our “Thank you America?”
I hope voters in Mississippi cast their ballot for @senatormcdaniel. He is strong he is smart &amp; he wants things to change in Washington.
The truth is that we have a nation that is disgusted with the FBI. We have a crisis of confidence in the number one law enforcement agency in this country (thanks Comey!). @LouDobbs “It’s a scandal.” @AlanDersh
....with a foreign leader. Was this person officially asked to listen to the conversation or was he or she secretly listening in?” @GreggJarrett
Entrepreneurs: Set your mind on winning and losing won't have a chance.  See yourself as victorious!
Pretty audacious for Obama to call @MittRomney a BSer when he has lied about so much we don't have room to write.
I am in Iowa. Will be making two speeches today. Good luck to all of the great folks on the East coast. Enjoy the beauty of the storm!
....results on “Trump News” are from National Left-Wing Media very dangerous. Google &amp; others are suppressing voices of Conservatives and hiding information and news that is good. They are controlling what we can &amp; cannot see. This is a very serious situation-will be addressed!
.....BY THE WAY DON’T CALL ME AGAIN I’LL CALL YOU WHEN YOU’VE DONE WHAT I’VE ASKED.’” A reminder that wasn’t just stupid it was FALSE.” @greggutfeld @GregGutfeldShow @FoxNews  I never said this. Schiff made it up and read it to Congress &amp; the American People. End Witch Hunt!
Thank you @oreillyfactor for your wonderful editorial as to why I should have been @TIME Magazine's Person of the Year. You should run Time!
THE REPUBLICAN PARTY IS THE PARTY OF THE AMERICAN DREAM!
Too bad Corey would have won! He (and I) loves New Hampshire. 
It was my great honor to deliver a message at the Marine Core Air Station Miramar to our GREAT U.S. Military straight from the heart of the American People: We support you we thank you we love you - and we will always have your back! 
Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs.
Secy. Sebelius who was responsible for the horrendous ObamaCare rollout should resign or be fired.Refuses to go before Congress to explain
“It does appear it has to do with Nancy Pelosi retaining her Speakership in the next Congress. She would like that so she’s going to put it to a vote because that’s what her political left really wants.” @SteveDoocy @foxandfriends  A disgraceful use of Impeachment. Will backfire!
While in politics it is often smart to send out false messages one thing is clear:  That Hillary does not want to run against TRUMP.
Congratulations to Evan Lysacek for being nominated SI sportsman of the year. He's a great guy and he has my vote!  #EvanForSI
Our Country is Free Beautiful and Very Successful. If you hate our Country or if you are not happy here you can leave!
Happy National #MedalOfHonorDay to our HEROES. We love you! 
There are just so many penalties and such long commercials in these NFL games that they are no longer worth watching. Soft hitting &amp; boring!
After today Crooked Hillary can officially be called Lyin' Crooked Hillary.
Call @MELANIATRUMP today on @QVC  at 5 PM EST say hello and buy buy buy!
Be careful and try staying in your house. Large parts of the Country are suffering from  tremendous amounts of snow and near record setting cold. Amazing how big this system is. Wouldn’t be bad to have a little of that good old fashioned Global Warming right now!
Bill Clinton stated that I called him after the election. Wrong he called me (with a very nice congratulations). He "doesn't know much" ...
The seriously failing @nytimes despite so much winning and poll numbers that will soon put me in first place only writes dishonest hits!
With @C_Soules from #TheBachelor in Iowa- 
The @Yankees should immediately stop paying A-Rod—he signed his contract without telling them he was a druggie.
Thank you Laura!  
“This is all about convicting a President based on innuendo not on the facts. Even the Ukrainian President said there was no pressure!” @RepMarkMeadows
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Great meetings will take place today at Trump Tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next 8 years.
You can only smile when the losers of the world try so hard to put down successful people. Just remember they all want to be YOU!
During primetime of the Iowa Caucus Cruz put out a release that @RealBenCarson was quitting the race and to caucus (or vote) for Cruz.
Sorry folks but if I would have relied on the Fake News of CNN NBC ABC CBS washpost or nytimes I would have had ZERO chance winning WH
Very sad to hear the news on the passing of my friend Senator Thad Cochran. He was a real Senator with incredible values - even flew back to Senate from Mississippi for important Healthcare Vote when he was desperately ill. Thad never let our Country (or me) down!
Despite so many false statements and lies total and complete vindication...and WOW Comey is a leaker!
Unbelievable evening. Just made a speech in front 17000 amazing New Yorkers in Bethpage Long Island--- great to be home!
Via The Washington Times  "Mr. Trump buzzes the presidential radar"   
Wrong used to be called global warming and when that name didn't work they deftly changed it to climate change-because it's freezing!
Obama should meet with Putin snd convince him to do what is good for the U.S.  It's called good dealmaking or simply leadership! Cajole.
.@GovernorSununu who couldn't get elected dog catcher in NH forgot to mention my phenomenal biz success rate: 99.2% 
I will be interviewed by @IngrahamAngle on @FoxNews at 10:00. Enjoy!
Richard Trumka the head of the AFL-CIO represented his union poorly on television this weekend. Some of the things he said were so againt the working men and women of our country and the success of the U.S. itself that it is easy to see why unions are doing so poorly. A Dem!
Great to see @RedSox win big yesterday. Good for Boston and the country. Yesterday we were all @RedSox fans.
...to win. The Democrats are overplaying their hand. They lost the election and now they have lost their grip on reality. The real story...
Don't let the FAKE NEWS tell you that there is big infighting in the Trump Admin. We are getting along great and getting major things done!
The U.S. needs to protect our intelligence assets especially in China. If the Chinese want to spy on us then we need to return the favor.
Few people know that  @FortuneMagazine is still in business. Tell your writer  Alisa Soloman that I left The Apprentice to run for president
Apple's iPhone sales fell way short-they must go to a larger screen as alternative fast (as I said long ago)! Samsung's size much better.
Thank you Columbus Ohio! 
Great evening last night in Washington Michigan. The enthusiasm knowledge and love in that room was unreal. To the many thousands of people who couldn’t get in I cherish you....and will be back!
Politicians are all talk and no action. Bush and Rubio couldn't answer simple question on Iraq. They will NEVER make America great again!
You can't compare anything to ObamaCare because ObamaCare is dead. Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies to bail out donors....New
It's not that I'm so smart it's just that I stay with problems longer.  Some good words from Albert Einstein. It pays to be tenacious.
I loved firing goofball atheist Penn @pennjillette on The Apprentice. He never had a chance. Wrote letter to me begging for forgiveness.
I’ll be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept 14th at 6 PM.  Will be great to be back in Texas. 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Just got back from Asheville  North Carolina where we had a massive rally. The spirit of the crowd was unbelievable. Thank you!  #MAGA
'Presidential Executive Order on Strengthening the Cybersecurity of Federal Networks and Critical Infrastructure'… 
Great Republican election results last night. So far we have the team we want. 8 for 9 in Special Elections. Red Wave!
Democrat Senator Mark Warner is acting and talking like he is in total control of the Senate Intelligence Committee. Their is nothing bipartisan about him. He should not be allowed to take “command” of that Committee. Too important! Remember when he spoke to the Russian jokester?
Congratulations to a truly great football team the Clemson Tigers on an incredible win last night against a powerful Alabama team. A big win also for the Great State of South Carolina. Look forward to seeing the team and their brilliant coach for the second time at the W.H.
Pretty even debate- no knockouts. However Ryan's closing statement somewhat stronger. What do you think? #VPDebate
Wow some new and even greater polls--thank you!
Durst is a disaster at operating the new World Trade Center. It takes forever for workers or visitors to get in with impossible security.
Wow I hear @Morning_Joe has gone really hostile ever since I said I won't do or watch the show anymore.They misrepresent my positions!
The Mueller Angry Democrats recently deleted approximately 19000 Text messages between FBI Agent Lisa Page and her lover Agent Peter S. These Texts were asked for and INVALUABLE to the truth of the Witch Hunt Hoax. This is a total Obstruction of Justice. All Texts Demanded!

So sad to see the Terror Attack in Paris. At some point countries will have to open their eyes &amp; see what is really going on. This kind of sickness &amp; hatred is not compatible with a loving peaceful &amp; successful country! Changes to our thought process on terror must be made.
Congratulations to @IvankaTrump on being named the @FoxNewsSunday Power Player of the Week 
New Bloomberg Poll: Trump Leads Big 
We are about to have a record $500B trade deficit with the Chinese this year. That money should be back here financing jobs in America.
I just arrived in Barcelona. I make a big speech tomorrow and then off to Ireland and Scotland.
A family in Las Vegas just stopped a violent home invasion by shooting one of the perpetrators-the other fled and will be captured. Great!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
Think of this: After we spent $2 trillion on Iraq Baghdad is about to be taken over by ISIS.
I hereby demand a second investigation after Schumer of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia and lying about it. 
The Fake News is working overtime. As Paul Manaforts lawyer said there was "no collusion" and events mentioned took place long before he...
Thank you to Chairman Kim Jong Un for keeping your word &amp; starting the process of sending home the remains of our great and beloved missing fallen! I am not at all surprised that you took this kind action. Also thank you for your nice letter - l look forward to seeing you soon!
Big announcement by Ford today. Major investment to be made in three Michigan plants. Car companies coming back to U.S.  JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!
Be sure to watch highlights from the record setting 14th season of @ApprenticeNBC here 
So now Comey’s admitting he was wrong. Wow but he’s only doing so because he got caught red handed. He was actually caught a long time ago. So what are the consequences for his unlawful conduct. Could it be years in jail? Where are the apologies to me and others Jim?
Unemployment filings are at their lowest level in over 48 years. Great news for workers and JOBS JOBS JOBS! #MAGA 
Incompetent Hillary despite the horrible attack in Brussels today wants borders to be weak and open-and let the Muslims flow in.  No way!
Amazing! 
Governor Cuomo wanted to see me this weekend. He just canceled. Very hard to work with New York - So stupid. All they do is sue me all the time! 
Time Magazine called to say that I was PROBABLY going to be named “Man (Person) of the Year” like last year but I would have to agree to an interview and a major photo shoot. I said probably is no good and took a pass. Thanks anyway!
At 96 stories above Michigan Avenue if you’re not staying at the 5 star @TrumpChicago then you’re in its shadow 
Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential.  -- Winston Churchill
Why is the UN planning to attack @Israel's sovereignty and ignore Iran's nuclear program? The US should look at future funding.
I have directed that U.S. Cyber Command be elevated to the status of a Unified Combatant Command focused on....cont: 
They just didn't get it but they do now! 
.@willweatherford @FLGovScott Gaming in Miami will be incredible—best in world and create lots of jobs and revenue.
Finally great news at the Border! 
....I have seen some of the regulations being circulated including those being contemplated by Congress and they are ridiculous. I want to make it EASY to do business with the United States not difficult. Everyone in my Administration is being so instructed with no excuses...
The World has taken a big step back from potential Nuclear catastrophe! No more rocket launches nuclear testing or research! The hostages are back home with their families. Thank you to Chairman Kim our day together was historic!
Great visit to Detroit church fantastic reception and all @CNN talks about is a small protest outside. Inside a large and wonderful crowd!
Why is Douglas Durst allowed to use the World Trade Center to get out of a lease with Conde Nast?
We spent TWO TRILLION DOLLARS in Iraq and got NOTHING. Now we are going back and will again get NOTHING because our leaders are clueless!
.@mcuban says he is a member of Dallas National but doesn’t play golf. Who is a member of a golf club that doesn’t play?? No talent! @TMZ
.@PiersMorgan is right- he won the show because “I know how to play the game.” #CelebApprentice
SUPREME COURT UPHOLDS TRUMP TRAVEL BAN. Wow!
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. 
I will make this right for our great Vets!
A clip from @KatieShow where I take @katiecouric's audience on the Katie Coach  
Crooked Hillary's bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to Charlotte on Saturday to grandstand. Dem pols said no way dumb!
Ted Cruz poll numbers are down big. Because he was born in Canada and was until recently a Canadian citizen many believe he cannot run!
China dropped the price of their currency to an almost a historic low. It’s called “currency manipulation.” Are you listening Federal Reserve? This is a major violation which will greatly weaken China over time!
THANK YOU Texas I love you! 
Little @MacMiller I want the money not the plaque you gave me!
.@PeteStauber won big last night in Minnesota. A big star in Hockey he will be an even bigger star in politics. It all begins with a win in November. Pete has my complete and total Endorsement!
The brand new manuscript for a new book by failed lawyer Michael Cohen shows his testimony was a total lie! Pundits should only use it.
Where are the other candidates now that this tragic murder has taken place b/c of our unsafe border  We need a wall!
It is my great honor to be speaking at CPAC 2013. They are all about what's good for America.
Via @LINKSMagazine: “Only The Donald" 
....In the meantime my Administration is achieving things that have never been done before including unleashing perhaps the Greatest Economy in our Country’s history....
Don't believe the media stories. OPEC and the Saudis have not been doing us any favors recently with oil outputs. Oil should be $30/barrel.
Hope Republicans in the Great State of Pennsylvania challenge the new “pushed” Congressional Map all the way to the Supreme Court if necessary. Your Original was correct! Don’t let the Dems take elections away from you so that they can raise taxes &amp; waste money!
You're never a loser until you quit trying. -- Mike Ditka
Don't believe the main stream (fake news) media.The White House is running VERY WELL. I inherited a MESS and am in the process of fixing it.
I'll bet Obama goes down just like Washington because he doesn't use our(this country's) best people to win.
The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank &amp; File are great people!
Don't forget to watch Larry King tonight CNN at 9 pm.  He's a television legend and a great friend. It's going to be a fantastic farewell.
The 2013 MISS UNIVERSE® Pageantwill take place in Russia for the very first time in the 62 year history of the contest.
Class of 2013. #WWEHOF 
Believe you can and you're halfway there.--Pres. Theodore Roosevelt
See what I have to say about Iran and Iraq in today's #trumpvlog... 
The Wall is going up fast! 
Doral in Miami would have been the best place to hold the G-7 and free but too much heat from the Do Nothing Radical Left Democrats &amp; their Partner the Fake News Media! I’m surprised that they allow me to give up my $400000 Plus Presidential Salary! We’ll find someplace else!
Wow the ratings are in and Arnold Schwarzenegger got "swamped" (or destroyed) by comparison to the ratings machine DJT. So much for....
Just got back from Tampa. It was an amazing evening with an even more amazing crowd - fantastic people! Will be in South Carolina tomorrow.
Don’t forget we are building and renovating big sections of Wall right now. Moving quickly and will cost far less than previous politicians thought possible. Building after all is what I do best even when money is not readily available!
...9 months than this Administration. Over 50 Legislation approvals massive regulation cuts energy freedom pipelines border security....
....In addition to stopping all payments to these countries which seem to have almost no control over their population I must in the strongest of terms ask Mexico to stop this onslaught - and if unable to do so I will call up the U.S. Military and CLOSE OUR SOUTHERN BORDER!..
Looking forward to speaking at @ralphreed’s @FaithandFreedom Gala Dinner on Friday in D.C. His staff has been great!


13 states have voter registration deadlines TODAY: FL OH PA MI GA TX NM IN LA TN AR KY SC.Register: 
The lawyer I just beat in Chicago was a buffoon but was a lot smarter and sharper than @DannyZuker. Come on Danny make the bet!
I’m fighting for the American people but the Democrats’ sole focus is fighting against ME with their fraudulent Witch Hunt. Go to  and tell Democrats in Congress that Enough is Enough!
Great writer and historian Doug Wead has written a true (not Fake News) account of what is going on in Washington and the White House. His new book INSIDE TRUMP’S WHITE HOUSE is an incredible description of a very exciting and successful time in our Country’s history. Buy it!
Immigration reform is all risk for the @GOP. Their base doesn’t want it and the 12M illegals will all vote Democrat.
Goofy Senator Elizabeth Warren @elizabethforma has done less in the U.S. Senate than practically any other senator. All talk no action!
Entrepreneurs: It's often to your advantage to be underestimated.
Must read article by @EmilyMiller: “Anthony Weiner is a twit who treats women like dirt” 
Boy is this guy @ShepNewsTeam tough on me. So totally biased. As a reporter he should be ashamed of himself! #Trump2016
What the hell is Obama doing in allowing all of these potentially very sick people to continue entering the U.S.! Is he stupid or arrogant?
My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit  --- it is selling fast!
The Boston killer will soon be asking for a Presidential pardon—don’t give it to him Mr. President—hang tough!
No surprise. @DNC displayed Russian ships in tribute to vets   Did they mean to honor the Russians?
.@WhoopiGoldberg Don’t let @Rosie speak badly of you or try to bring you down. She is rude crude &amp; not smart. She is not in your league.
Book is doing really well. A study in unfairness to a potentially great Justice! 
Does everyone see that the Democrats and President Obama are now because of me starting to deport people who are here illegally. Politics!
Why did Clinton supporter @AlisonForKY declare Crooked Hillary winner in KY when AP hasn't even called the race?
even those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results we will strengthen up voting procedures!
.@JordanSpieth  Great job--you are a true champion! See you soon.
Via @necn by @KatherineNECN: “Trump Waiting to See Who Runs in 2016”  
....that I testify about the phony Impeachment Witch Hunt. She also said I could do it in writing. Even though I did nothing wrong and don’t like giving credibility to this No Due Process Hoax I like the idea &amp; will in order to get Congress focused again strongly consider it!
Rated “#1 Resort in Europe” by @CNTraveler @Trump_Ireland offers breathtaking golf &amp; the 5 Star Lodge at Doonbeg 
Thank you to Kanye West for your nice words. Criminal Justice Reform is now law - passed in a very bipartisan way!
.... It also brings Shifty’s fraudulent MADE UP CALL which he read to the United States Congress pretending it to be the words of President Trump which they were not! Nancy Pelosi is involved in this fraud in that she confirmed his fraudulent words on @GMA and much more!
KOREAN WAR TO END! The United States and all of its GREAT people should be very proud of what is now taking place in Korea!
Today it was my great honor to welcome President Moon Jae-in of the Republic of Korea to the @WhiteHouse!🇺🇸🇰🇷 
We have lost 500 Billion Dollars a year for many years on Crazy Trade with China. NO MORE!
....We are getting other countries to reduce and eliminate tariffs and trade barriers that have been unfairly used for years against our farmers workers and companies. We are opening up closed markets and expanding our footprint. They must play fair or they will pay tariffs!
To entrepreneurs: Watching you could be the motivation for your employees so make it an example that will best serve your success.
Rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the Manufacturing Council &amp; Strategy &amp; Policy Forum I am ending both. Thank you all!
Great interview of Ron Vitiello Former Acting Ice Director by @JesseBWatters on @FoxNews about all of the work that is being (&amp; has been) done on our Southern Border. Thanks Ron terrific job! Now if only the Democrats would fix the Loopholes &amp; Asylum.
The Failing and Corrupt @nytimes estimated the crowd last night at “1000 people” when in fact it was many times that number - and the arena was rockin’. This is the way they demean and disparage. They are very dishonest people who don’t “get” me and never did!
They're going to riot in Ferguson no matter what.
Starting Monday our great Farmers can begin doing business again with Mexico and Canada. They have both taken the tariff penalties off of your great agricultural product. Please be sure that you are treated fairly. Any complaints should immediately go to  @SecretarySonny Perdue!
.@johnhawkinsrwn  Great speaking to you today we will speak again soon.
There are now 77 major or significant Walls built around the world with 45 countries planning or building Walls. Over 800 miles of Walls have been built in Europe since only 2015. They have all been recognized as close to 100% successful. Stop the crime at our Southern Border!
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is driving business out of New York for his own public relations benefit. A real dope!
I am pleased to announce the nomination of @RepRatcliffe (Congressman John Ratcliffe) to be Director of National Intelligence (DNI). Would have completed process earlier but John wanted to wait until after IG Report was finished. John is an outstanding man of great talent!
Most of the world's great riders are at Mar-a-Lago today for the Trump Invitational one of the most important equestrian events of the year
So disgraceful that the questions concerning the Russian Witch Hunt were “leaked” to the media. No questions on Collusion. Oh I see...you have a made up phony crime Collusion that never existed and an investigation begun with illegally leaked classified information. Nice!
Success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
Wishing Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg a full and speedy recovery!
READ THE TRANSCRIPTS!
I am very proud of @StephenBaldwin7’s performance in the record 13th season of All-Star @CelebApprentice. Watch.
Do you believe that the Failing New York Times just did a story stating that the United States is substantially increasing Cyber Attacks on Russia. This is a virtual act of Treason by a once great paper so desperate for a story any story even if bad for our Country.....
Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention #1 over Crooked Hillary and DEMS.
Unlike crooked Hillary Clinton who wants to destroy all miners I want wages to go up in America. We will do so by bringing back jobs!
The Senate Democrats have only confirmed 48 of 197 Presidential Nominees. They  can't win so all they do is slow things down &amp; obstruct!
Just spoke to Governor Rick Scott. We are working closely with law enforcement on the terrible Florida school shooting.
Wow! What a great honor from @DRUDGE_REPORT 
Standing strong for his people @GovWalker is ignoring the Feds and keeping all Wisconsin parks open. Great!
I feel very badly for Paul Manafort and his wonderful family. “Justice” took a 12 year old tax case among other things applied tremendous pressure on him and unlike Michael Cohen he refused to “break” - make up stories in order to get a “deal.” Such respect for a brave man!
New York we will make America great again! 
They spied on my campaign! 
I've done the largest house sale in U.S. history by selling a Palm Beach mansion for $100M $60M more than I paid. I love real estate.
China is worried. The polls are trending for @MittRomney. They won’t be able to steal from us anymore.
You can watch 360 video live from the podium!  #RNCinCLE #TrumpIsWithYou #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
In Las Vegas for the Miss Universe Pageant—airing tonight on @nbc at 8 o’clock.
Congratulations to @JamesOKeefeIII on exposing more Democrat voter fraud.  @DNC was caught red handed telling people to vote twice.
I promised to restore hope in America. That includes the least among us. Together let’s KEEP AMERICA GREAT! Text TRUMP to 88022 if you liked our Super Bowl ad! 
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success. -- Henry Ford
Everyone should boycott Italy if Amanda Knox is  not freed---she is totally innocent.
The @EricTrumpFDN is doing amazing work helping the children...
The polls are now showing that I am the best to win the GENERAL ELECTION. States that are never in play for Repubs will be won by me. Great!
Despite all of China's cheating they are not doing that well--we can beat them--our country has great potential!
Young entrepreneurs – in an economic climate like this only the strong survive. You can do it. Think Big!
Never allow your attitude to be a liability. Be positive and strong. Set your mind on winning-- and keep it there.
A great book support Charlie BUY IT!  Already Number One. 
Pending the confirmation of Mark Morgan as our Nation’s new ICE Director Matt Albence will serve in the role of Acting Director. Matt is tough and dedicated and has my full support to deploy ICE to the maximum extent of the law! #MAGA
If Obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect Hillary we would all be much better off!
Oh I get it! I am a very good developer happily living my life when I see our Country going in the wrong direction (to put it mildly). Against all odds I decide to run for President &amp; continue to run my business-very legal &amp; very cool talked about it on the campaign trail...
Today’s Stock Market is the highest in the history of our great Country! This is the 104th time since the Election of 2016 that we have reached a NEW HIGH. Congratulations USA!
Thank you Amy! 
Receiving thousands of thank you letters from @LibertyU students for my convocation speech. The honor was all mine!  Great people.
For the record there were MANY people who wanted to be the White House Chief of Staff. Mick M will do a GREAT job!
Big Rally tomorrow night in Orlando Florida looks to be setting records. We are building large movie screens outside to take care of everybody. Over 100000 requests. Our Country is doing great far beyond what the haters &amp; losers thought possible - and it will only get better!
A big change is coming - don’t want the Dems anymore! 
.@TraceAdkins great job on FOX this morning. Keep up the good work!
Bill DeBlasio the high taxing Mayor of NYC just stole my campaign slogan: PROMISES MADE  PROMISES KEPT! That’s not at all nice. No imagination! @foxandfriends
Superbowl Sunday is a great American tradition. The Colts and Saints are already champions but may the best team win!
The cast has been largely selected for next year's Celebrity Apprentice.  Wait 'till you hear the names-AMAZING! Season 14-many nights at #1
A very bad night for Mini Mike!
Keep focused on your goals. Practice positive thinking. View any conflict as an opportunity--look at the solution not the problem.
Just arrived at Camp David!

Colorado Trump Delegates Scratched from Ballots at GOP Convention 
“CASE CLOSED!” @SenateMajLDR 
According to many ISIS was given so much time and so many signals as to when we would start bombing that they were able to prepare and hide
An HR solutions company polled 1000 employed adults to find out who would make ideal bosses...   
....lawyer or law firm will take months to get up to speed (if for no other reason than they can bill more) which is unfair to our great country - and I am very happy with my existing team. Besides there was NO COLLUSION with Russia except by Crooked Hillary and the Dems!
People don’t understand that I left The Apprentice to run for Pres—the Apprentice DID NOT leave me. Bob Greenblatt &amp; folks @NBC were GREAT!
....They came to me asking for help and I got Criminal Justice Reform passed with help from both Republicans and Democrats. Many said that nobody but President Trump could have done this. All previous administrations failed. Please ask why THEY failed to the candidates!
Zegarelli and Vescio:  Pine Road looks like hell. Must be re-paved now—very bad for town.  @BriarcliffManor
Re Negotiation: Know exactly what you want &amp; focus on that. View conflict as an opportunity--this will expand your mind and your horizons.
The Democrats policy of Child Seperation on the Border during the Obama Administration was far worse than the way we handle it now. Remember the 2014 picture of children in cages - the Obama years. However if you don’t separate FAR more people will come. Smugglers use the kids!
Looking forward to seeing the employment numbers at 8:30 this morning.
So happy about my daughter @IvankaTrump’s announcement that she will be having a baby this spring. Congratulations!
Thank you! #AmericaFirst 
On the cover of @TIME Magazine—a great honor! 
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 - 2 minutes.
Watched MSNBC this morning just to see what the opposition was saying about events of the past week. Such lies almost everything they were saying was the opposite of the truth. Fake News! No wonder their ratings along with CNN are WAY DOWN. The hatred Comcast has is amazing!
Featuring @BLTPrime &amp; Palm Grill @TrumpDoral offers a wide array of acclaimed top dining options 
We are sealing up our Southern Border. The people of our great country want Safety and Security. The Dems have been a disaster on this very important issue!
.@WhiteHouse #CEOTownHall➡️ 
....Thank you to Lockheed Martin one of the USA’s truly great companies!
If Stop &amp; Frisk is struck down by the pandering NYC politicians increases in crime &amp; eventual terrorist attacks will be on them.
Looking forward to being with Dan Bishop in two weeks in North Carolina. His opponent believes in Open Borders and Sanctuary Cities and won’t protect your Second Amendment! 
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @MorningsMaria  @FoxBusiness at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy.
How many more times do we all have to watch and pay for that stupid and never ending #SmokeyBearHug commercial. How much is govt. spending?
Trump Int'l Golf Links &amp; Hotel Ireland fronts the Atlantic Ocean in County Clare for 2.5 miles. Extraordinary! 
Since Election Day 2016 Stocks up almost 50% Stocks gained 9.2 Trillion Dollars in value and more than 5000000 new jobs added to the Economy. @LouDobbs If our opponent had won there would have been a market crash plain and simple! @TuckerCarlson @seanhannity @IngrahamAngle
Nancy Pelosi just stated that “it is dangerous to let the voters decide Trump’s fate.” @FoxNews  In other words she thinks I’m going to win and doesn’t want to take a chance on letting the voters decide. Like Al Green she wants to change our voting system. Wow she’s CRAZY!
Honored to have passed 1 million twitter followers. We are making America #1 again. #TimeToGetTough
Looking forward to a press conference  today about @adamcarolla on @fundanything movie project #roadhard 
The failing @nytimes hates the fact that I have developed a great relationship with World leaders like Xi Jinping President of China.....
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #AmericaFirst 
Erin Burnett who has no ratings on CNN in prime time now wants more money to move to the morning slot. @CNN should say "no way".
#VoteTrump video:  #ArizonaPrimary #UtahCaucus #UTCaucus #AmericanSamoa 
We are getting it done - jobs and security! 
Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious--and the best way to be victorious is to be passionate. Find something you love doing!
“Day after day really good news on the economy. By the way this didn’t just happen by accident it’s the result of a lot of the policies that Donald Trump has put into place. Obviously the Tax Cut and now we have these two BIG trade deals.” @StephenMoore  Great future growth!
The independent watchdog who exonerated @BarackObama for the failed green energy loans just donated $52500 to Obama's campaign.
Years of BAD GOVERNMENT such a sorry thing to see! 
The White House is running very smoothly despite phony Witch Hunts etc. There is great Energy and unending Stamina both necessary to get things done. We are accomplishing the unthinkable and setting positive records while doing so! Fake News is going “bonkers!”
.@Boeing stock went way down because of 787- so I just bought stock in @Boeing- great company!
Via @ABCPolitics by @rickklein: "Trump Blasts Romney Bush; Says GOP Has 'Nobody Like Trump'" 

PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT! 
The haters and losers that assume I was a non-athlete and know nothing about coaches should look into my past-unlike our President-open book
Robert Mueller was a God-like figure to the Democrats until he ruled No Collusion in the long awaited $30000000 Mueller Report. Now the Dems don’t even acknowledge his name have become totally unhinged and would like to go through the whole process again. It won’t happen!
Democrat Congresswoman totally fabricated what I said to the wife of a soldier who died in action (and I have proof). Sad!
Courageous Patriots have fought and died for our great American Flag --- we MUST honor and respect it!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Internationally recognized as an iconic landmark @TrumpTowerNY beams over Fifth Avenue 
I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror. Hillary just broke-said she would now use!
....We had Repeal &amp; Replace done (and the saving to our country of one trillion dollars) except for one person but it is getting done anyway. Individual Mandate is gone and great less expensive plans will be announced this month. Drug prices coming down &amp; Right to Try!
Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - @realDonaldTrump"
Happy Father’s Day to all including my worst and most vicious critics of which there are fewer and fewer. This is a FANTASTIC time to be an American! KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
The Oscar broadcast is really boring - where is the glamour and beauty?
Even Bill is tired of the lies SAD! 
Join me live in Springfield Ohio!
He’s back and causing more trouble than ever before! @THEGaryBusey returns in the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice.
The soon to be released book “The Russia Hoax The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton And Frame Donald Trump” written by Gregg Jarrett looks like a real deal big hit. The Phony Witch Hunt will be opened up for the world to see! Out in 5 weeks.
Our trade deficit continues to rise at record rates  The US manufacturing sector is being (cont) 
“Is business success a natural talent? I think it’s a combination of aptitude work and luck.” – Think Like a Champion
By the way if Russia was working so hard on the 2016 Election it all took place during the Obama Admin. Why didn't they stop them?
Thank you working hard! 
Just had lunch with French President @EmanuelMacrone. Many good things are happening for both of our countries. Big weekend with other world leaders!
.@TrumpDoral's golf courses The Red Tiger The Silver Fox &amp; The Golden Palm are on track to open later this year 
I love reading about all of the "geniuses" who were so instrumental in my election success. Problem is most don't exist. #Fake News! MAGA
Great boardroom. #CelebApprentice
Thank you Ohio! Just landed in Canton for a rally at the Civic Center. Join me at 7pm:  
Wow @CNBC ratings are really low worst in many years. I guess I'll have to start doing my Tuesday morning interviews with them again!
“ERIC Holder could be running the Justice Department right now and it would be behaving no differently than it is.” @LouDobbs
...While I fully agree it is not politically correct!  
This is a great book a must read! 
This boardroom gets CRAZY! These people are wild
Heading to South Carolina! 
The Democrats ObamaCare is imploding. Massive subsidy payments to their pet insurance companies has stopped. Dems should call me to fix!
Great Concert at 4:00 P.M. today at Lincoln Memorial. Enjoy!
I am so honored by all the great NY State Repubs who came to my office called &amp; wrote for me to run for Governor. If I do I will win.
....I got along very well with Jerry during the zoning and building process. Then I changed course (slightly) became President and now I am dealing with Congressman Nadler again. Some things never end but hopefully it will all go well for everyone. Only time will tell!
The Democrats don’t want a Witness Trade because Shifty Schiff the Biden’s the fake Whistleblower(&amp; his lawyer) the second Whistleblower (who vanished after I released the Transcripts) the so-called “informer” &amp; many other Democrat disasters would be a BIG problem for them!
The only thing that can stop this corrupt machine is YOU. The only force strong enough to save our country is US.… 
$25 Million+ raised online in just one week! RECORD WEEK. #DrainTheSwamp Today we set a bigger record. Contribute &gt;
A list from @Heritage: "Top 10 Most Expensive Obamacare Taxes and Fees" 
I'll be on @foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM. Tune in!
Great photo from Ocean City Maryland. Thank you. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
“The recovery got started on Election Day 2016. It took Trump’s Tax Cuts and Regulation Cuts to get the economy booming. Before that it was the worst and slowest economic recovery since the Great Depression. It took just 6 months for Trump to get to 3% even though they said.....
How can @BarackObama invoke Richard Nixon against @MittRomney when Obama just used Executive Privilege on Fast &amp; Furious?!
Highly conflicted Robert Mueller should not be given another bite at the apple. In the end it will be bad for him and the phony Democrats in Congress who have done nothing but waste time on this ridiculous Witch Hunt. Result of the Mueller Report NO COLLUSION NO OBSTRUCTION!...
Fascinating to watch people writing books and major articles about me and yet they know nothing about me &amp; have zero access. #FAKE NEWS!
Apple will not be given Tariff wavers or relief for Mac Pro parts that are made in China. Make them in the USA no Tariffs!
Only by enlisting the full potential of women in our society will we be truly able to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸… 
My prayers and best wishes are with the family of Edwin Jackson a wonderful young man whose life was so senselessly taken. @Colts
The hatred that clown @krauthammer has for me is unbelievable – causes him to lie when many others say Trump easily won debate.
Why would Nancy Pelosi leave the Country with other Democrats on a seven day excursion when 800000 great people are not getting paid. Also could somebody please explain to Nancy &amp; her “big donors” in wine country that people working on farms (grapes) will have easy access in!
Lying Ted Cruz and lightweight choker  Marco Rubio teamed up last night in a last ditch effort to stop our great movement. They failed!
The Chinese must still be laughing at Kerry’s trip to China.  He got nothing gave them everything and promised even more.
A detainee released from Gitmo has killed an American. When will our so-called "leaders" ever learn!
America deserves a commander in chief who respects the challenges and realities our Armed Forces face in our (cont)  15:48:28,68,12,false,177782847212490752Twitter Web Client,He is a professional and true gentleman: @GeorgeTakei is one of my favorite contestants from #CelebApprentice.,03-07-2012 20:03:01,37,6,false,177484518742171648TwitLonger Beta,Gas is $6 already in California. Don' worry - @BarackObama's Algae energy policy is going to pay major (cont)  19:45:49,161,12,false,177480191176740864Twitter Web Client,He @BarackObama will lose a delegate in Oklahoma--he only got 57% of the vote in the Democrat primary  19:24:09,39,3,false,177474739143581696Twitter Web Client,He @BarackObama claims he does not want higher gas prices. That's not what he said in 2008:   19:12:02,115,12,false,177471688416575489Twitter Web Client,As an honorary Buckeye" I want to thank the OH GOP primary voters for putting @MittRomney over the top. It was a crucial win.
....We do not anticipate a problem with the vote but if for any reason the approval is not forthcoming Tariffs will be reinstated!
ISIS uses the internet better than almost anyone but for all of those susceptible to ISIS propaganda they are now being beaten badly at every level....
Must read column by Bob Woodward explaining how Obama pushed for sequestration &amp; promised no tax increase 
The failing @nytimes has gone nuts that Crooked Hillary is doing so badly. They are willing to say anything has become a laughingstock rag!
Mitch McConnell just told a group of people and me that he has been in the U.S. Senate for 32 years and the last two have been by far the best &amp; most productive of his career. Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts VA Choice Farm Bill Criminal Justice Reform Judgeships &amp; much more. Great!
After allowing North Korea to research and build Nukes while Secretary of State (Bill C also) Crooked Hillary now criticizes.
Very proud of my Executive Order which will allow greatly expanded access and far lower costs for HealthCare. Millions of people benefit!
My @Yahoo 'Power Players' interview with @jonkarl "Inside Donald Trump’s new digs on Pennsylvania Avenue” 
#TrumpVine from D.C.- 
Now the Fake News Media says I “pressured the Ukrainian President at least 8 times during my telephone call with him.” This supposedly comes from a so-called “whistleblower” who they say doesn’t even have a first hand account of what was said. More Democrat/Crooked Media con.....
#NeverForget  #September11th 
Make sure you take some time to enjoy the weekend.  Important for your mind and will help you be productive next week.

A great day for Republicans a great day for our Country!
#WeeklyAddress🇺🇸➡️ 
The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U.S. We are removing them fast!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016Video:  
.....Ahead of schedule and under budget! Will be in Oklahoma tonight!
Our Steel and Aluminum industries (and many others) have been decimated by decades of unfair trade and bad policy with countries from around the world. We must not let our country companies and workers be taken advantage of any longer. We want free fair and SMART TRADE!
Via @CBNNews:"Exclusive: Backstage Interview w/ Donald Trump at CPAC"  by @TheBrodyFile Great seeing you David!
#JointSession #MAGA🇺🇸
..TV talent. Then during the 2016 Election I would watch as Joe Scarborough &amp; his very angry Psycho wife(?) would push Donny to the point of total humiliation. He would never fight back because he wanted to stay on TV even on a very low rated show all in the name of ambition!
The media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melania's speech than the FBI spent on Hillary's emails.
Syria has been given so much time that much of the things we were going to bomb have been moved into civilian areas! A polititian's war.
If you don’t treat yourself like royalty no one else will. @TrumpWaikiki is Honolulu's most luxurious hotel 
Reigning @ApprenticeNBC Champion @TraceAdkins does great work with @wwpinc. Donate to an Injured Warrior today 
....cameras running. Another False Accusation. Why doesn’t @washingtonpost report the story of the women taking money to make up stories about me? One had her home mortgage paid off. Only @FoxNews so reported...doesn’t fit the Mainstream Media narrative.
On International Holocaust Remembrance Day we remember the millions of precious souls who perished as a result of the horrific crimes perpetrated by the Nazi regime....
The Chicago machine is scared. @PaulRyanVP shows that @MittRomney will run on a conservative &amp; coherent platform. 85 days until victory!
I guess @BillMaher saw my ratings on the @Late_Show the other night where Letterman beat Leno. Bill you are no Letterman.
Be aware of things that seem inexplicable because they can be a big step towards innovation. --Donald J. Trump 
Great Coach Great Guy! 
Enjoyed my visit to Trump Doral in Miami yesterday. Looking forward to returning for the WGC-@Cadillac Championship on March 6th-10th...
Will be interviewed tonight by @LesleyRStahl on @60Minutes @CBSNews at 7:30 P.M. Eastern. Enjoy! 
A Veteran &amp; true Conservative @leezeldin will make a real difference in Washington. NY-1 GOP GOTV for Lee tomorrow!
“George has a real twinkle about him” says @TheRealMarilu. Really? The shark should be scared. #CelebApprentice
2019 National Prayer Breakfast 
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:30. So much to talk about!
Do you think the three UCLA Basketball Players will say thank you President Trump? They were headed for 10 years in jail!
Cover your bases--know everything you can about what you're doing. Keep your focus by being well informed on a daily basis.
The military and Navy Seals should be given more credit for Bin Laden's death not Obama who works hard to take (cont) 

If your actions inspire others to dream more learn more do more and become more you are a leader. – John Quincy Adams
Looking forward to seeing my friend Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan at noon. Will be discussing North Korea and Trade.
.@HillaryClinton has been part of the rigged DC system for 30 years? Why would we take policy advice from her? #Debates2016

While I have never met @nytdavidbrooks of the NY Times I consider him one of the dumbest of all pundits- he has no sense of the real world!
Glad to hear @InsideEdition has hired @_KatherineWebb to cover @SuperBowl.  She will be absolutely terrific! Miss USA pageant is proud.
PROMISES MADE PROMISES KEPT! #KeepAmericaGreat2020🇺🇸 
Mitt Romneywho totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool is now playing tough guy
Prime Minister of the United Kingdom @BorisJohnson stated “We should replace the Iran deal with the Trump deal.” I agree!
Remember to watch the series finale of "The Men Who Built America" this Sunday at 8/7c on @History
After Poland had a great meeting with Chancellor Merkel and then with PM Shinzō Abe of Japan &amp; President Moon of South Korea.
People are going crazy with my comments on Diet Coke (soda). Let's face it--this stuff just doesn't work. It makes you hungry.
We must build a wall to secure our border. It will save lives and help Make America Great Again! 
On my way to Tampa Florida. Look forward to seeing everyone soon! 
Man did JEB throw his brother under the bus last night on @colbertlateshow . Probably true but not nice!
Just arrived in New Hampshire. Thank you to all of my supporters!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
The Dunes here are amazing and  they're how I learned about geomorphology which is the study of movement landforms. We've had a great trip
.@nyrangers did a great job of winning tonight - played like champions!
This is the real corruption that the Fake News Media refuses to even acknowledge! 
....is NOT their fault in any way shape or form. They are working closely with us to get rid of it. WE WILL PREVAIL TOGETHER!
Talking trade with the Vice Premier of the People’s Republic of China Liu He. 
Thank you for the incredible support Maryland! This is a movement!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #
A Great Book by Kimberley Strassel! 
China has 5 oil projects in Iraq and we didn't get anything from the Iraqis except asked to leave. Iraq is going (cont) 
Thank you. 
Wow pres. candidate Ben Carson who is very weak on illegal Immigration just said  he likes amnesty and a pathway to citizenship.
It is now commonly agreed after many months of COSTLY looking that there was NO collusion between Russia and Trump. Was collusion with HC!

Some really dumb blogger for failing @VanityFair a magazine whose ads are down almost 18% this year said I wear a hairpiece --- I DON'T!
“Bill Nelson is kind of an empty figure in Washington. You never hear his name he’s never in debates on key issues - he is just under the radar.” Chris Wallace on @FoxNews  In other words Nelson is a “stiff.”
Great Governor @Mike_Pence is in Indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck. True leadership.
Crazy Maxine Waters said by some to be one of the most corrupt people in politics is rapidly becoming together with Nancy Pelosi the FACE of the Democrat Party. Her ranting and raving even referring to herself as a wounded animal will make people flee the Democrats!
.@jacknicklaus has done a GREAT job as the architect of my new golf course at Ferry Point. NYC is very proud!
THANK YOU WORKING HARD! 
No I wasn't at the @Yankees game yesterday- can't go today either. When I go they win.
.@AlexSalmond See attached article. Very frightening to people living around these monstrosities 
China is about to acquire 82800 net acres of a Texas shale oil and gas field   What are we doing!
“@AP Interview: @MissUniverse Gabriela Isler reflects as her reign winds down”  via @YahooNews
.@nbcnightlynews (Brian Williams anyone?) says women warriors are "every bit as tough as the guys." Just think about that statement!
Many political pundits are using the term "Art of the Deal".... they should thank me. That is my term and book title.
Canadian PM Harper immediately called the Ottawa attack terrorism. At least North America has a strong leader who lives in reality.
Problem is that the acting head of the FBI &amp; the person in charge of the Hillary investigation Andrew McCabe got $700000 from H for wife!
It doesn't speak for the FULL HOUSE because the FULL HOUSE hasn't spoken. The Democrat Party is pushing this Impeachment. This is a Democrat Party Impeachment as I have been saying a silent COUP effort. @MarkLevinShow 
After @BarackObama's speech tonight--which should be well delivered--reality will hit Friday morning when the new jobs report is released.
...Americans do what we do best: we pull together. We join hands. We lock arms and through the tears and the sadness we stand strong... 
“We have found nothing to show collusion between President Trump &amp; Russia absolutely zero but every day we get more documentation showing collusion between the FBI &amp; DOJ the Hillary campaign foreign spies &amp; Russians incredible.” @SaraCarterDC @LouDobbs
Jennifer Aniston is engaged--she's a great person and I wish her well.
Thank you Sparks Nevada!#VoteTrumpNV #NevadaCaucus Finder:  
....He loves our Military and supports our Vets! Democrat Jim Hood will never give us his vote is anti-Trump and pro-Crooked Hillary. Get Out and Vote for Tate Reeves on November 5th. He has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement!
TOGETHER WE WILL PREVAIL! 
Don't forget! Sunday night at 9 pm EST on @nbc--Celebrity Apprentice is back! Tune in for a great show. @ApprenticeNBC
Just watched Rep. Eric Swalwell be asked endless softball questions by @marthamaccallum on @FoxNews about the phony Witch Hunt. He was just forced out of the Democrat Presidential Primary because he polled at ZERO. Fox sure ain’t what it used to be. Too bad!
On Friday @VPBiden said that China has better cities and airports than the US. Well what has @BarackObama done about it the last 3 years?!
Terrible economic numbers released today. US GDP only grew 0.4% during Oct-Dec 2012 quarter  Great news for China.
Re: hiring contractors remember the cheapest isn't always the best. Their work may have to be redone &amp; they may not be reliable.
Best line in the Elizabeth Warren beer catastrophe is to her husband “Thank you for being here. I’m glad you’re here” It’s their house he’s supposed to be there!
CEO's most optimistic since 2009. It will only get better as we continue to slash unnecessary regulations and when we begin our big tax cut!
Sad! 
Thank you Des Moines Iowa! Governor @Mike_Pence and I appreciate your support! #MAGA #TrumpTrain 
Heading to D.C. to speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO.
I don't know what it is but I'm getting totally bored watching NFL football. Too many penalties and far too soft! T.V. off and back to work
Via @Newsmax_Media by @dpatten32: “Trump's Brand Gives Him 2016 Mojo” 
Early voting in Louisiana for a man who will be a Great Governor @EddieRispone on Saturday November 2nd. He will get your Auto Insurance and Taxes way down. He will protect your Military Vets Second Amendment and Energy....
The 250 million dollar construction of Trump Nationsl Doral is coming along great. Just left Miami where I toured entire project.AMAZING!
Do not go where the path may lead go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Unemployment Rate just dropped to 3.5% the lowest in more that 50 years. Is that an impeachable event for your President?
United States-Mexico Trade Agreement:  
China just agreed that the U.S. will be allowed to sell beef and other major products into China once again. This is REAL news!
Thank you to @AmSpec &amp; Jeffrey Lord for the lovely article “Governor Trump? The conservative Nelson Rockefeller.” 
The Federal Reserve is derelict in its duties if it doesn’t lower the Rate and even ideally stimulate. Take a look around the World at our competitors. Germany and others are  actually GETTING PAID to borrow money. Fed was way too fast to raise and way too slow to cut!
The U.S. must immediately stop all flights from EBOLA infected countries or the plague will start and spread inside our "borders." Act fast!
Never let the fear of striking out get in your way. -- Babe Ruth
.....least 5 States &amp; the Nomination. Did the DNC &amp; Dems tell Elizabeth Warren to wait? If so they were deadly the race would have been over &amp; Bernie would have won. Dirty double dealing? Nobody knows for sure &amp; history will be the judge. But I say here we go AGAIN Bernie!
American league wins!
I'm always amazed when I travel to my foreign properties.Seeing the Trump brand across 4 continents proves that excellence can be universal.
I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends in 10 minutes at 7.00. Many things to talk about! ENJOY
“Going with your instincts requires tuning in to everything around your decision.” – Think Big
Raised a lot of money for the Republican Party. There will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning. Lots of support! Win
The Supreme Art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting. -- Sun Tzu
#ArizonaPrimary message from @IvankaTrump! #AZPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #
Iraq is no longer our problem. We never should have been there in the first place!
Join me LIVE from the Rose Garden at 1:30pmE with Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece. ➡️ 
The Baldwin family is well represented in the 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice with @StephenBaldwin.  Stephen does great.
I am at the @USGA  #USWomensOpen. An amateur player is co-leading for the first time in many decades - very exciting!
Ashley Judd's candidacy was created by Karl Rove's terrible ads even before she thought seriously about running...
Thank you to Lt. Bob Kroll of the great Minneapolis Police Department for your kind words on @foxandfriends. The Police are fighting the Radical Left Mayor and his ridiculous Uniform Ban. Actually I LOVE the Cops for Trump shirts. Want to bring some home. I am with you 100%!!!!
The negotiations with China have already started. Unless extended they will end 90 days from the date of our wonderful and very warm dinner with President Xi in Argentina. Bob Lighthizer will be working closely with Steve Mnuchin Larry Kudlow Wilbur Ross and Peter Navarro.....
“Barack Obama talked a lot about hope but Donald Trump delivered the American Dream. All the economic indicators what’s happening overseas Donald Trump has proven to be far more successful than Barack Obama. President Trump is delivering the American Dream.” Jason Chaffetz
Happy Columbus Day!
Never gotten over the fact that Obama was able to send $1.7 Billion Dollars in CASH to Iran and nobody in Congress the FBI or Justice called for an investigation!
Pres. Bill Clinton 5.31.12: "@MittRomney had a sterling business career."
Great to be on @andersoncooper tonight with my wonderful family. Will be rebroadcast at 12:00 A.M.  (EASTERN).
Major League Baseball was really smart when they wouldn't let Mark Cuban buy a team. Was it his financials or the fact that he's an asshole?
Looking forward to watching @SarahHuckabee Sanders tomorrow morning on @FoxandFriends by far the #1 rated show on Morning Cable at 8:30am. Sarah will be an incredible addition to @FoxNews!
Flashback: "Donald Trump would fire A-Rod"  via @espn 10.17.12
The Tea Party is filled with great Americans.  Despite being mistreated by everyone including @GOP they will continue to fight on
Putin has no respect for our President --- really bad body language.
Once the ISIS thug who beheaded Foley is identified 100% he should be bunker busted to hell.
Judge Ken Starr former Solicitor Generel &amp; Independent Counsel just stated that after two years “there is no evidence or proof of collusion” &amp; further that “there is no evidence that there was a campaign financing violation involving the President.” Thank you Judge. @FoxNews
I am on Air Force one with the First Lady heading to Japan and looking forward to honoring on behalf of the United States His Majesty the Emperor of Japan. I will also be discussing Trade and Military with my friend Prime Minister @AbeShinzo.
Via @MailOnline @dmartosko "Donald Trump says it's morally unfair of Obama to send soldiers into Ebola hot zone" 
The individual Governors of States and local officials must step up their efforts on drive up testing and testing sights working in conjunction with @CDCgov and the Federal Government!
.@marklevinshow on @FoxNews is doing a big show tonight on the Democrat’s Impeachment Scam. 10:00 P.M. No guests just Mark. He is angry (like so many others!). At 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews Steve Hilton is looking into the Crooked Bidens. Where’s Hunter?
Many Super Pacs funded by groups that want total control over their candidate are being formed to “attack” Trump. Remember when u see them
Join me in Las Vegas Nevada at 7:00pm for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY! Tickets:  
It's freezing and snowing in New York--we need global warming!
“Be tough be smart be personable but don’t take things personally. That’s good business.” – Think Like a Champion
Very simple! I was looking for Corruption and also why Germany France and others in the European Union don’t do more for Ukraine. Why is it always the USA that does so much and puts up so much money for Ukraine and other countries? By the way the Bidens were corrupt!
My interview on @ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos had a 40%+ ratings increase over same Sunday last year. 20% over last week.
Just returned from Pensacola Florida where the crowd was incredible.
.@DRUDGE_REPORT's First Presidential Debate Poll:Trump: 80%Clinton: 20%Join the MOVEMENT today &amp; lets #MAGA!… 
The @HuffingtonPost is a total joke &amp; laughing stock of journalism as is gross Arianna Huffington. They don’t report the facts!
FBI top lawyer confirms “unusual steps.” They relied on the Clinton Campaign’s Fake &amp; Unverified “Dossier” which is illegal. “That has corrupted them. That has enabled them to gather evidence by UNCONSTITUTIONAL MEANS and that’s what they did to the President.” Judge Napolitano

“Thank you to Wayne Allyn Root for the very nice words. “President Trump is the greatest President for Jews and for Israel in the history of the world not just America he is the best President for Israel in the history of the world...and the Jewish people in Israel love him....
.@DianneG @WCNC  To the “news bigs” --  elevate Dianne Gallagher  immediately—she is terrific!
Hillary Clinton is not a change agent just the same old status quo! She is spending a fortune I am spending very little. Close in polls!
To aspiring entrepreneurs: Be tenacious. Once you've decided on your goals remain fixed on them. Set the bar high!
....My only question is who is our bigger enemy Jay Powell or Chairman Xi?
A great gift idea is my new book #TimeToGetTough easy to order on Amazon    
People are struggling to get gasoline for their cars--we are like a third world country.
#GodBlessTheUSA🇺🇸 
.@ritter1025  Wishing your wife a Happy Birthday
Make sure to catch @history’s season finale of “The Men Who Built America” on Sun November 11th.  Great show.
Trump Int'l Puerto Rico spreads luxury residences a world class golf resort &amp; beach club across 1000 acres 
In addition to Florida - South Carolina North Carolina Georgia and Alabama will most likely be hit (much) harder than anticipated. Looking like one of the largest hurricanes ever. Already category 5. BE CAREFUL! GOD BLESS EVERYONE!
I don't think Obama will do well in the second debate--he is psyched out just like A-Rod.
Yesterday I was in Washington D.C. visiting the #TRUMP Old Post Office renovation. It will be magnificent.
China just put a tariff on US cars and trucks--22%--China is laughing at our inept leaders. @BarackObama
Thank you @FoxNews "Huge win for President Trump and GOP in Georgia Congressional Special Election."
Biggest outrage yet in the long winding and highly conflicted Mueller Witch Hunt is the fact that 19000 demanded Text messages between Peter Strzok and his FBI lover Lisa Page were purposely &amp; illegally deleted. Would have explained whole Hoax which is now under protest!
With a world-renowned open-air lobby w/ ocean views &amp; top restaurants @TrumpWaikiki is Honolulu’s premier hotel 
So many tweets &amp; stories on Stewart/Pattinson Look it doesn't matter-- the relationship will never be the same. It is permanently broken.
Saw @mcuban try to hit a ball in Lake Tahoe while I played in tournament- he’s got no talent or strength!!!! @TMZ
Today it was my honor to join the great men and women of @DHSgov @CustomsBorder @ICEgov and @USCIS at the U.S. Customs and Border Protection National Targeting Center in Sterling Virginia. Fact sheet:  
Will happen to all of those seeking unlawful impeachment in 50 Trump type Districts. We will win big! 
Hopefully others will follow suit. Our country needs &amp; should demand security. It is time to get tough &amp; be smart!
Can’t wait for @DylanByers’ follow up @politico piece discussing my large Sunday news shows ratings win because of my interview!
A very good start! Please all work hard to get a final deal. 
Wow 19000 Texts between Lisa Page and her lover Peter S of the FBI in charge of the Russia Hoax were just reported as being wiped clean and gone. Such a big story that will never be covered by the Fake News. Witch Hunt!
Hurricane looks like largest ever recorded in the Atlantic!
OPEC is setting crude at $94/barrel on 'signs US economy is improving.' OPEC uses any excuse to rip us off and our leaders just watch.
Thank you to Steve Rogers FBI Joint Terror Task Force (Ret) for his very kind and generous remarks about me and my relationship to Law Enforcement. @JudgeJeanine
The pathetic new hit ad against me misrepresents the final line. "You can tell them to go BLANK themselves" - was about China NOT WOMEN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The @WhiteHouse is partnering with @Interior and @NatlParkService to bring the @NSCsafety's “Prescribed to Death” Opioid Memorial to the Ellipse - beginning tomorrow April 12th to April 18th. More information:  
Just leaving Florida. Big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the FAKE NEWS media refuses to mention. Very dishonest!
Response to the Pope:
A great group of Champions! 
We are bringing back our factories we are bringing back our jobs and we are bringing back those four beautiful words: MADE IN THE USA! 
Per @rushlimbaugh: Why does Hillary Clinton get the benefit of the doubt (after she DESTROYS her illegal email server) ...
I had a great time at @TwitterNYC #AskTrump 
Dummy @KarlRove continues to make and write false statements. He still thinks Romney won--he should get a life!
As a presidential candidate I have instructed my long-time doctor to issue within two weeks a full medical report-it will show perfection
We can make Washington work for us. It’s time for real leadership. Let’s #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  
“President Donald J. Trump Proclaims April 2 2018 World Autism Awareness Day” 
“Golfer bids $130000 for round with Donald Trump” in Scotland for charity  via Evening Express
.....but that's what I've been saying. Very unfair treatment by the media!
....is not Constitutionally Permissable.” Alan Dershowitz Constitutional Lawyer
Why would the people of Kentucky want a rookie Senator– they have Sen. Mitch @McConnellPress who may be next Leader &amp; bring $’s to KY
Everybody loves @bretmichaels! He’s a great champion and this is where he should be. He agrees!
Honored to welcome Republican and Democrat members of the House Ways and Means Committee to the White House today! #USA🇺🇸 
In 1998 Rep.Jerry Nadler strongly opposed the release of the Starr Report on Bill Clinton. No information whatsoever would or could be legally released. But with the NO COLLUSION Mueller Report which the Dems hate he wants it all. NOTHING WILL EVER SATISFY THEM! @foxandfriends
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman just got his ass kicked by Trump!
Thank you Illinois! Great news! #VoteTrumpIL on 3/15!Trump 28%Cruz 15%Rubio 14%Kasich 13%Bush 8%Carson 6%Simon Poll/SIU
My @seanhannity interview where I discuss @BarackObama's Job Council @RealSheriffJoe's investigation &amp; 2012 election 
For all those sick degenerates contemplating a knockout attack please remember the late great Charles Bronson-no more crime!
Via @reviewjournal “Event offers glimpse of Trump high life” by Holly Ivy Dore   Great interview @EricTrump!
Via @trscoop: "WHOA: Trump changing venues for Saturday rally in Arizona due to OVERWHELMING RESPONSE" 
China has control over North Korea!
Thank you for your wonderful endorsement today @TGowdySC. It means a great deal to me. We will not disappoint! #Trump2016
Instead of trash talking @PMIsrael on the world stage @BarackObama should be defending @Israel.
Congratulations to Mariano Rivera on unanimously being elected to the National Baseball Hall of Fame! Not only a great player but a great person. I am thankful for Mariano’s support of the Opioid Drug Abuse Commission and @FitnessGov. #EnterSandman #HOF2019💯 
In all of television- the only one who said anything bad about last nights landslide victory-- was dopey @KarlRove. He should be fired!

Do you believe that The State Department on NEW YEAR'S EVE just released more of Hillary's e-mails. They just want it all to end. BAD!
If racist Elijah Cummings would focus more of his energy on helping the good people of his district and Baltimore itself perhaps progress could be made in fixing the mess that he has helped to create over many years of incompetent leadership. His radical “oversight” is a joke!
.@MittRomney's poll numbers are looking really good. One more great debate performance and it will be a total knockout. 
Another nasty season premieres Sunday March 3rd at 9/8c on NBC! 
The polls &amp; momentum  are trending towards @MittRomney. Don't let the hurricane change your thinking!
Thank you to @exxonmobil for your $20 billion investment that is creating more than 45000 manufacturing &amp; construction jobs in the USA!
I hope our great Republican Senators don’t get led down the path of weak and ineffective Border Security. Without strong Borders we don’t have a Country - and the voters are on board with us. Be strong and smart don’t fall into the Democrats “trap” of Open Borders and Crime!
.@CarlyFiorina I only said I was on @60Minutes four weeks ago with Putin—never said I was in Green Room. Separate pieces—great ratings!
Will be on Bill O'Reilly @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 PM. Enjoy!
I love that in addition to everything else so much money is raised for such great causes on Celebrity Apprentice-all proud of that!
...and have no intention of doing anything other than going on a fishing expedition to see if they can find anything on me - both illegal &amp; unprecedented in U.S. history. There was no Collusion - Investigate the Investigators! Go to work on Drug Price Reductions &amp; Infrastructure!
Kasich voted for NAFTA a disaster for Ohio and now wants the even worse TPP approved. Vote Trump and end this madness!
“There are no felonies there are no Impeachable offenses. The Constitution’s very clear that you need bribery treason or other high crimes and misdemeanors. You can’t be impeached for the conduct that’s been alleged in this case.” @AlanDersh Dershowitz. @seanhannity  A Scam!
...healthcare plan is on its way. Will have much lower premiums &amp; deductibles while at the same time taking care of pre-existing conditions!
President Obama said "ISIL continues to shrink" in an interview just hours before the horrible attack in Paris. He is just so bad! CHANGE.
.@deedeesorvino was GREAT today on @FoxNews  She gets what is going on in politics and sees it very clearly. Have her on more!
The harder you work the harder it is to surrender. - @ProFootballHOF @buffalobills Head Coach Marv Levy
THE SYSTEM IS RIGGED!
Hypocrite. Watch Senator Obama defend "democratic debate' of Senate filibuster rules in 2005  
Our country is looking very bad right now!
Obama said "not optimal" to Ambassador &amp; embassy killings--bad word usage for a Harvard graduate.
Sorry folks but Donald Trump is far richer and much better looking than dopey @mcuban!
Excited to host two great championships at two of our best properties @seniorpgachamp at Trump DC &amp; @pgachampionship at Trump Bedminster
....We have one of three choices: Send in thousands of troops and win Militarily hit Turkey very hard Financially and with Sanctions or mediate a deal between Turkey and the Kurds!
So many people don’t understand I am a big proponent of vaccines for children—just not in one massive dose—spread them out over time.
Be sure to watch my interview on @Gretawire tonight!
Via @postandcourier by @skropf47: “Donald Trump: Don’t politicize Walter Scott shooting” 
Will be on @Morning_Joe in 5 minutes - at 7:00. Enjoy!
I am in Kansas. Will be an exciting day. Big speech this morning in Wichita and then go to caucus. Sorry CPAC (the format was fine!).
.@billmaher has continually degraded  Catholic Church on the joke he calls a show  Catholics should boycott HBO.
How does a politician Cuomo known for pushing people and businesses out of his state not to mention having the highest taxes in the U.S. survive making the statement WE’RE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT? Which section of the sentence is worse?
Via @Newsmax_Media by “Donald Trump: Don't Give Obama Fast-Track Trade Authority” 
We should not cut any aid to Egypt.  Their country is in chaos and now they must form a normal civil government.
.@katyperry must have been drunk when she married Russell Brand @rustyrockets – but he did send me a really nice letter of apology!
WELCOME HOME JOSH! 
Jon Stewart @TheDailyShow is a total phony –he should cherish his past—not run from it.
The Failing New York Times wrote a story that made it seem like the White House Councel had TURNED on the President when in fact it is just the opposite - &amp; the two Fake reporters knew this. This is why the Fake News Media has become the Enemy of the People. So bad for America!
“Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES” 
First Minister @AlexSalmond will be destroying the beauty of Scotland with his insane desire for bird killing wind turbines.
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman’s phony lawsuit against Trump U was decimated by the court—he’s a loser!
Twitter is on @BarackObama's enemies list 
Democrats don’t want to fix the loopholes at the Border. They don’t want to do anything. Open Borders and crime!
Via @newsbusters: “Donald Trump Issues Statement Regarding $5 Million Lawsuit Against Bill Maher” 
.@HillaryClinton channels John Kerry on trade: she was for bad trade deals before she was against them. #TPP #Debates2016
Join me in San Jose California- tonight!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016Tickets:  
Congratulations to Gary Woodland in winning the United States Open Golf Championship. Fantastic playing great heart - there will be more in Gary’s future!
She’s back! Champion @Joan_Rivers returns to the boardroom in this year’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC. Joan is ferocious.
GREAT NEWS FOR OHIO! Just spoke to Mary Barra CEO of General Motors who informed me that subject to a UAW agreement etc. GM will be selling their beautiful Lordstown Plant to Workhorse where they plan to build Electric Trucks. GM will also be spending $700000000 in Ohio...
Really looking forward to watching The Masters this weekend - one of THE GREATEST SHOWS ON EARTH!
do this under the law I feel it is visually important as President  to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses..
Via @BW: "Thomas Jefferson Donald Trump Share Love of Grapes in Virginia"   @trumpwinery @EricTrump
Everyone is asking me to speak more on Robert &amp; Kristen.I don't have time except to say "Robert drop her she cheated on you &amp; will again!"
Biggest story in politics is now happening in the great State of Colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting!
Mexico sent USMC Andrew Tahmooressi back to jail after court hearing. Mexico does not respect our border or U.S. Boycott! #FreeOurMarine
My @6abc int. with @Jim_Gardner on Atlantic City Philadelphia’s real estate market &amp; 2014 2016 elections 
Our fantastic First Lady! 
When the time is right we will make a deal with China. My respect and friendship with President Xi is unlimited but as I have told him many times before this must be a great deal for the United States or it just doesn’t make any sense. We have to be allowed to make up some.....
Ted Cruz does not have the right "temperment" to be President. Look at the way he totally panicked in firing his director of comm. BAD!
Republicans &amp; others must remember the Ukrainian President and Foreign Minister both said that there was no pressure placed on them whatsoever. Also they didn’t even know the money wasn’t paid and got the money with no conditions. But why isn’t Germany France (Europe) paying?
Shifty Schiff now seems to think they don’t need the Whistleblower who started the whole Scam. The reason is that the Whistleblower has lost all credibility because the story is so far from the facts on the Transcrpt. Also the second Whistleblower is no longer even mentioned!
...use subsidies to buy health plans." In other words Ocare is dead. Good things will happen however either with Republicans or Dems.
Will do a fantastic job! 
We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts.-- Gary Player
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son @DonaldJTrumpJr! Very proud of you! #TBT  
The failing @NYDailyNews which just raised its prices because it’s dying said I wear a “wig” when they know I don’t. Dishonest.
Tune in tonight at 10 pm on NBC for another exciting episode of The Apprentice -- and see the Dog Whisperer make an appearance.
With a @SharkGregNorman designed course directly along the water @Trump_Charlotte is North Carolina’s elite club 
The Radical Left Democrats and their Fake News Media partners headed up again by Little Adam Schiff and batting Zero for 21 against me are at it again! They think I may have had a “dicey” conversation with a certain foreign leader based on a “highly partisan” whistleblowers..
I wish everyone including the haters and losers a very happy Easter!
Is PM Cameron a dummy? With monumental cuts in UK spending how come he continues to spend billions of pounds ...
#CrookedHillary 
I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Gene Scalia as the new Secretary of Labor. Gene has led a life of great success in the legal and labor field and is highly respected not only as a lawyer but as a lawyer with great experience....
Thank you @FrankLuntz  
Thank you both. Sooo nice! 
Huma Abedin the top aide to Hillary Clinton and the wife of perv sleazebag Anthony Wiener was a major security risk as a collector of info
Keep your momentum. Without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
.kimguilfoyle - great job tonight!
President Obama just had a news conference but he doesn't have a clue. Our country is a divided crime scene and it will only get worse!
Wow! Letterman show @Late_Show won the ratings last night big time--and guess who was his guest? DJT
.@VanityFair looks like a dying magazine! Really really boring really really thin!
RECORD HIGH FOR S &amp; P 500!
When President Obama ingloriously fired Jim Mattis I gave him a second chance. Some thought I shouldn’t I thought I should. Interesting relationship-but I also gave all of the resources that he never really had. Allies are very important-but not when they take advantage of U.S.
#TrumpAdvice 
Played the Trump International Golf Club in Palm Beach last weekend. One of the best golf courses in the country. Perfect weather.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren has been one of the least effective Senators in the entire U.S. Senate. She has done nothing!

Why aren't we getting any oil from Iraq before we leave? We are leaving the country wide open for Iran. Big mistake.
This morning @nbc @todayshow played some of the @RNC video I filmed for the Tampa Convention 
Via @Golfmagic: "Golden Bear and American business tycoon finish their unlikely masterpiece"  
Today we tell the story of an incredible HERO who defended our nation in World War Two – First Lieutenant Garlin Murl Conner. Although he died 20 years ago today he takes his rightful place in the Eternal Chronicle of American Valor...
On Anthony Wiener I TOLD YOU SO!
Brian--Thanks dummy--I picked up 70000 twitter followers yesterday alone. Cable News just passed you in the ratings. @NBCNightlyNews
It's Thursday. How much money did Barack Obama waste today on crony green energy projects?
Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong. I said LEAVE will win. She has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. Only a question of time
Thx to all the people who called to say they are cutting their @Macys credit card as a protest against illegal immigrants pouring into US
When Strasburg leaves @Nationals for another team for more money will Washington still like the decision to shut him down for his good?
Via @FOXSports: "Trump 'blowing up' @DoralResort after WGC-@CadillacChamp"  by @AP
....John McCain has failed miserably to fix the situation and to make it possible for Veterans to successfully manage their lives.
Look what the President of NBC sent me recently about his stay in my Las Vegas hotel. Very loyal guy. 
Steven Spielberg is a great filmmaker. Go see "Lincoln."
Great Army - Navy Game. Army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF’S TROPHY (last time was 1996). Wow! Congratulations!
After all of these years of suffering thru ObamaCare Republican Senators must come through as they have promised!
Now that the three basketball players are out of China and saved from years in jail LaVar Ball the father of LiAngelo is unaccepting of what I did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal. I should have left them in jail!
“Ever since (Mini Mike) Bloomberg’s bad debate performances his support has dropped.” @abcnews  Dropped a lot. Only his highly paid consultants who are laughing all the way to the bank still support him...And by the way he did not poll well as mayor in handling crisis!
Is Robert Mueller ever going to release his conflicts of interest with respect to President Trump including the fact that we had a very nasty &amp; contentious business relationship I turned him down to head the FBI (one day before appointment as S.C.) &amp; Comey is his close friend..
I believe in the America that never gives up never stops striving never ceases believing in itself. -- @MittRomney 11.2.12
Fiscal mismanagement of cash costing US Taxpayer billions---cut fraud and waste before cutting funding for Seniors.
It does not cost anything to dream.  Spend your time enjoying your big dreams. -- Think Big
If Chicago doesn't fix the horrible "carnage" going on 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings (up 24% from 2016) I will send in the Feds!
BORING!
It’s time for politicians to be reminded they work for us! We can get it done. Let’s Make America Great Again! 
Response to Huffington Post- 
I agree! 
The Fake News Washington Post Amazon’s “chief lobbyist” has another (of many) phony headlines “Trump Defiant As China Adds Trade Penalties.” WRONG! Should read “Trump Defiant as U.S. Adds Trade Penalties Will End Barriers And Massive  I.P. Theft.” Typically bad reporting!
I will be going to New Hampshire today home of my first primary victory to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday. 2:30 P.M.

The invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for Crooked Hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!
.... Do I get the credit for this? Thank you!
Entrepreneurs: Don't put blinders on or limit yourself. Reach out seek and explore. The opportunities are always there.
“There’s not one shred of evidence that this president’s done anything Constitutionally (or anything else) wrong.” Graham Ledger.  Thank you Graham so true!
Via @UnionLeader by @tuohy: "Trump hires Lewandowski as presidential run eyed"  #FITN #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Press conference after CPAC speech this morning was excellent- lots of very professional reporters.
“Report: ‘Whistleblower’ Never Disclosed Contact with House Intel Panel to Inspector General”
Congratulations to the U.S. Women’s Soccer Team on winning the World Cup! Great and exciting play. America is proud of you all!
Looking forward to my meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu in Trump Tower at 10:00 A.M.
Congratulations to @NewYorkObserver on celebrating its 25 year anniversary. Great paper under amazing management!
In order to save Medicare and stop record premium increases--we must repeal ObamaCare.
“Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement.” - W. Clement Stone
Our major airports are decaying. It's embarrassing. We need to have them renovated by competent professionals--and fast.
For an advance preview of the Miss USA 2013 contestants as well as other show details go to 
....should give their own transcripts of the interviews to contrast with Schiff’s manipulated propaganda. House Republicans must have nothing to do with Shifty’s rendition of those interviews. He is a proven liar leaker &amp; freak who is really the one who should be impeached!
Will be interviewed on "Media Buzz" with Howie Kurtz on Fox Sunday at 11:00 A.M.
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. -- Steve Jobs
I own Turnberry in Scotland one of great resorts in world. Women’s British Open there this week. I’ll go for two days &amp; back on trail.
Be sure to buy this month’s @AmSpec magazine. Read “A Trump Card” my interview with Jeffrey Lord.
Time to end the visa lottery. Congress must secure the immigration system and protect Americans. 
Is everyone seeing how incompetently our country is being run by watching the mess with Syria? Our leaders don't know what they are doing!
Cryin’ Chuck Schumer said “You will pay the price for this. You won’t know what HIT YOU.” That is far beyond simple rhetoric. That is a physical threat or at least a threat that you better vote for us.” Trouble ahead!
Getting the strong endorsement of the great coach Bobby Knight has been a highlight of my stay in Indiana. Big speech tomorrow with Bobby!
Looks like Anthony Weiner Is through-most recent poll has him deeply in last place. GOOD NEWS
Obamacare is a disaster - as I've been saying from the beginning. Time to repeal &amp; replace! #ObamacareFail 
I would like to congratulate @SenateMajLdr on having done a fantastic job both strategically &amp; politically on the passing in the Senate of the MASSIVE TAX CUT &amp; Reform Bill. I could have not asked for a better or more talented partner. Our team will go onto many more VICTORIES!
“My support for Donald Trump has never been greater than it is right now. It is paramountly obvious watching this these people have to go. You elected Donald Trump to drain the Swamp well dismissing people like Yovanovitch is what that looks like. Dismissing people like Kent..
....results on “Trump News” are from National Left-Wing Media very dangerous. Google &amp; others are suppressing voices of Conservatives and hiding information and news that is good. They are controlling what we can &amp; cannot see. This is a very serious situation-will be addressed!
North Carolina vote for Dan Bishop tomorrow. We need him badly in Washington! His opponent is a far left Sanctuary Cities supporter.
GREAT WORK yesterday by the Senate to support our Historically Black Colleges and Universities! Thank you @BetsyDeVosED @SenAlexander and @SenatorTimScott for your leadership...
Thank you! 
.@danabrams editor of @mediaite explained on radio this morning that I am so widely covered because I draw high interest. True!
The riots in Charlottesville a year ago resulted in senseless death and division. We must come together as a nation. I condemn all types of racism and acts of violence. Peace to ALL Americans!
See you tonight North Carolina! #MAGA2020 
Apparently @MartinBashir said something about me on his show yesterday.  I was surprised to find out he is on TV.  Who knew?!
'State works hard and illegally for Clinton' #DrainTheSwamp 
....Most importantly you have led Israel with a commitment to the values of democracy freedom and equal opportunity that both our nations cherish and share!
Schiff’s correcting the record memo has turned out to be totally wrong (based on the I.G. Report)! A very big lie. @MariaBartiromo And @DevinNunes has turned out to be completely right. Congratulations to Devin. The Fake News Media should apologize to all!
Why didn’t the 13 Angry Democrats investigate the campaign of Crooked Hillary Clinton many crimes much Collusion with Russia? Why didn’t the FBI take the Server from the DNC?  Rigged Investigation!
An impromptu interview I did with German TV on 9/11 down by Ground Zero discussing the attack and WTC Towers 
Congress &amp; the President should not be wasting their time and energy on a continuation of the totally partisan Impeachment Hoax when we have so many important matters pending. 196 to ZERO was the Republican House vote &amp; we got 3 Dems. This was not what the Founders had in mind!
Today we honor those who perished 77 years ago at Pearl Harbor and we salute every veteran who served in World War II over the 4 years that followed that horrific attack. God Bless America!  
The three political disasters could lead to a major and complete political meltdown!
Navistar will be building a new 250 MILLION DOLLAR truck factory in San Antonio with 600 new jobs. Congratulations San Antonio and Texas! America makes the GREATEST trucks in the world! 
So nice that our Country is now Energy Independent. The USA is in better shape than ever before. Strongest Military by far biggest Economy (no longer even close) number one in Energy! MAGA = KAG!
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare! Read more about my positions on healthcare reform here: 
To be a visionary you have to chase impossibilities. Few ever get rich easily. - Think Like a Billionaire
“Do not give in to anger. It destroys your focus on goals and ruins your concentration.” – Think Big
May the Festival of Lights bring our Jewish friends from around the world health &amp; happiness! Happy Hanukkah! 
. #LaskerRink.  We do not do the maintenance on Lasker Rink that is done by NEW YORK CITY.
Alabama will shine tomorrow. It will be a big and glorious day!
Ridiculous that they gave the 14 year old golfer from China a one stroke penalty for slow play at The Masters(see I can stick up for China)
Everyone loves @AmandaTMiller- here she is with @Joan_Rivers and me. 
The Council was shocked by the exuberance of the demonstration in Blackdog. @AlexSalmond @pressjournal
It is shameful that House Democrats won’t take a stronger stand against Anti-Semitism in their conference. Anti-Semitism has fueled atrocities throughout history and it’s inconceivable they will not act to condemn it!
Statement on the Iran Nuclear Deal: 
Wow @megynkelly really bombed tonight. People are going wild on twitter! Funny to watch.
When I say I would end Obamacare I would also come up with a plan that would be far better much easier to understand and cost less!
Thank you @KimStrassel and @AndrewCMcCarthy! 
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers today- in Daytona Beach Florida! #LESM #MAGA 
Every poll done on debate last night from Drudge to Newsmax to Time Magazine had me winning in a landslide. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Job numbers today--- terrible! So what else is new?
....Democrat leadership is tearing the United States apart but I will continue to set records for the American People – and Nancy thank you so much for your prayers I know you truly mean it!
“National wage growth is at the highest it’s been in nearly 17 months -- and according to a new study released by Glassdoor it’s not expected to slow down anytime soon....” 
Ted is the ultimate hypocrite. Says one thing for money does another for votes. 
“The FBI only looked at 3000 of 675000 Crooked Hillary Clinton Emails.” They purposely didn’t look at the disasters. This news is just out. @FoxNews
While not at all presidential I must point out that the Sloppy Michael Moore Show on Broadway was a TOTAL BOMB and was forced to close. Sad!
While I know it’s “not presidential” to take on a lowlife like Omarosa and while I would rather not be doing so this is a modern day form of communication and I know the Fake News Media will be working overtime to make even Wacky Omarosa look legitimate as possible. Sorry!
A signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA is the ultimate gift. Order now &amp; join my live streaming book signing on 12/3  
Remember when I said when Saddam Hussein fell - the new leader of Iraq will be meaner and tougher and hate the U.S. even more. Welcome ISIS!
....Will be getting almost $23 BILLION for Border Security. Regardless of Wall money it is being built as we speak!
Re CRIPPLED AMERICA  -- I am signing books for the next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts!  
After years of Comey with the phony and dishonest Clinton investigation (and more) running the FBI its reputation is in Tatters - worst in History! But fear not we will bring it back to greatness.
....needed and the complexity creates danger. All of this for great cost yet very little gain. I don’t know about you but I don’t want Albert Einstein to be my pilot. I want great flying professionals that are allowed to easily and quickly take control of a plane!
Thank you for the kind words tonight @OMAROSA. You were great! See you soon!
.@SenatorWicker of Mississippi has been a great supporter and incredible help in getting our massive Tax Cut Bill done and approved. Also big help on cutting regs. I am with him in his re-election all the way!
Thank you Jim! 
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing Jamie Dimon banking regulations and Mark Zuckerberg's prenuptial 
Looking forward to being hosted by @NickLangworthy’s Erie County Lincoln Leadership Reception tonight. Record crowd! Can't wait.
Greece should get out of the euro &amp; go back to their own currency--they are just wasting time.
Democrats are now the party of high taxes high crime open borders late-term abortion socialism and blatant corruption. The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker the American Family and the American Dream! #TrumpRallyNJ #KAG2020 
Nervous Nancy Pelosi is a disgrace to herself and her family for having made such a disgusting statement especially since I was with foreign leaders overseas. There is no evidence for such a thing to have been said. Nervous Nancy &amp; Dems are getting Zero work done in Congress....
Since the Democrats decided to kill the filibuster they now own it.Republicans should keep the new rule when they're in the majority.
There has never been a time in the history of our Country that the Media was so Fraudulent Fake or Corrupt! When the “Age of Trump” is looked back on many years from now I only hope that a big part of my legacy will be the exposing of massive dishonesty in the Fake News!
Has anyone looked at the really poor numbers of @VanityFair Magazine. Way down big trouble dead! Graydon Carter no talent will be out!
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:02 A.M.  Enjoy.
Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L.Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L.Bean. @LBPerfectMaine
Let me put this as plainly as I know how: Iran's nuclear program must be stopped--by any and all means necessary. Period. #TimeToGetTough
No wonder Sony is doing so badly. Really stupid leadership that wants Al Sharpton to help. Watch him turn the tables on chief Amy Pascal.
See you tonight Missoula Montana! #MAGARally🇺🇸
Looking forward to returning to the Hawkeye state this Saturday to support my friend and strong Conservative @SteveKingIA!
....If my hands were tied Iran would have a field day. Sends a very bad signal. The Democrats are only doing this as an attempt to embarrass the Republican Party. Don’t let it happen!
In 1983 roughly 1800 Marines were in Beirut to keep the peace in a Nation torn apart by Civil War. Terrorists had bombed the U.S. Embassy earlier that year killing 63 people including 17 Americans... 
If the people so violently shot down in Paris had guns at least they would have had a fighting chance.
I see my friend @FlaGovScott is speaking at CPAC. Solid guy wonderful job. #sayfie @marcaputo
In getting the endorsement of the 16500 Border Patrol Agents (thank you) the statement was made that the WALL was very necessary!
.@NMalliotakis is running for Congress in NY I know her well we need her to defeat Max Rose who voted for Impeachment! Nicole is Strong on Crime &amp; Borders #2A Cutting Taxes &amp; she Loves our Military &amp; Vets. Nicole has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
So how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? What is going on?
Housing prices are up in Feb over last Feb 9.3 per cent -remember I told everyone two years ago to buy (but they will be going much higher)
With the strategy that I announced today we are declaring that AMERICA is in the game and AMERICA is DETERMINED to WIN!OUR FOUR PILLARS OF NATIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY: 
While Hillary said horrible things about my supporters and while many of her supporters will never vote for me I still respect them all!
Top Clinton Aides Bemoan Campaign ‘All Tactics’ No Vision: 
In response to @Lawrence my net worth is substantially more than 7 billion dollars--- very low debt great as… (cont) 
Tom Fitton on @foxandfriends at 6:15 A.M. NOW! Judicial Watch.
WASTE--HUD is spending $70M to teach grant recipients how to spend the money from their grants   Does it get any dumber?
Jeb is fighting to defend a catastrophic event. I am fighting to make sure it doesn't happen again.Jeb is too soft-we need tougher &amp; sharper
“Being true to yourself…will give you a lot of power over any negatives thrown your way.” – Midas Touch
Wow honored to just pass 2.5M followers on @twitter. Thanks to all my followers. We are going to have a great year together.
The signature restaurant of @TrumpNewYork @jeangeorges is both a Forbes Five-Star &amp; AAA Five-Diamond restaurant  
The Fake News Media keeps saying we haven’t built any NEW WALL. Below is a section just completed on the Border. Anti-climbing feature included. Very high strong and beautiful! Also many miles already renovated and in service! 
Congratulations to @TrumpCollection’s @TrumpPanama for receiving the Certificate of Excellence &amp; Top 10 Hotels in Panama from @TripAdvisor!
How is Chris Christie running the state of NJ which is deeply troubled when he is spending all of his time in NH? New Jerseyans not happy!
I can’t believe @Denver_Broncos allowed final touchdown—dumbest defensive play I have ever seen in football.
“Shouldn’t 2015 and 2016 be revealed how Intelligence Agencies FBI tried to sabotage a particular campaign - never been done before?” @SteveForbesCEO @MariaBartiromo
Happy Mother’s Day!!! 
Did you ever see an investigation more in search of a crime? At the same time Mueller and the Angry Democrats aren’t even looking at the atrocious and perhaps subversive crimes that were committed by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. A total disgrace!
The Democrats are playing a high level CON GAME in their vicious effort to destroy a fine person. It is called the politics of destruction. Behind the scene the Dems are laughing. Pray for Brett Kavanaugh and his family!
Thank you West Virginia. Let's keep it going. Go out and vote on Tuesday - we will win big. #Trump2016
Via @EveningExpress: "Images of Donald Trump’s 2nd North-east golf course released: Public have say on images"  
Via @nypost by @GeoffEarle: “Polls show ‘President Trump’ may not be so far-fetched” 
A lot of undecided and independent voters have had enough with Obama’s lack of transparency. I don't blame them.
Director Clapper reiterated what everybody including the fake media already knows- there is "no evidence" of collusion w/ Russia and Trump.
Proud of @JimInhofe’s tenacious Oklahoma spirit that got the NDAA done. Maybe the best yet because it takes care of troops &amp; establishes SPACE FORCE which is 1st new branch since 1947 (Air Force). Another huge win for Jim’s legacy. To many more! @SASCMajority 
Phony Club For Growth tried to shake me down for one million dollars &amp; is now putting out nasty negative ads on me. They are total losers!
I will be on the @todayshow tomorrow morning to make a major announcement about a television show. Stay tuned!
Don’t ever forget - this election is about YOU. It is about YOUR family YOUR future &amp; the fate of YOUR COUNTRY. We begin our campaign with the best record the best results the best agenda &amp; the only positive VISION for our Country’s future! #Trump2020 
Great to be back in Tennessee. On our way to the McKenzie Arena in Chattanooga for a huge #MAGARally - see everyone soon! 
Just left Oklahoma--- the most amazing crowd and people! What a night!
We have a GREAT TEAM in Pennsylvania! I’m proud to say that our good friends Lawrence Tabas &amp; Bernadette “Bernie” Comfort will now be working together to run the @PAGOP. Lawrence will be Chairman &amp; Bernie will Chair my Pennsylvania Campaign. We must have &amp; do great UNITY in PA!
That’s right The Trump Foundation gave away 100% plus with Zero rent or expenses charged and has been being sued by Cuomo and New York State for years - another part of the political Witch Hunt. Just in case anyone is interested - Clinton Foundation never even looked at!
The Democrats and the Fake News are trying to make terrorist Soleimani into a wonderful guy only because I did what should have been done for 20 years. Anything I do whether it’s the economy military or anything else will be scorned by the Rafical Left Do Nothing Democrats!
Looking forward to speaking at #sparknb next week in Atlantic Canada--my first time ever.
Doing David Letterman @Late_Show tonight at 11:30. 1st nite of Sweeps.Going into the lion's den but I've been there many times before. Enjoy
I promised that my policies would allow companies like Apple to bring massive amounts of money back to the United States. Great to see Apple follow through as a result of TAX CUTS. Huge win for American workers and the USA! 
New Reuters poll! Thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
.....They can help solve problems with North Korea Syria Ukraine ISIS Iran and even the coming Arms Race. Bush tried to get along but didn’t have the “smarts.” Obama and Clinton tried but didn’t have the energy or chemistry (remember RESET). PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH!
I actually enjoyed the piece re sign @TheDailyShow. Could it be that I’m starting to like Jon Stewart?
Just got back to the White House from the Great States of Texas and Louisiana where things are going well. Such cooperation &amp; coordination!
Who would be stupid enough to invest in @VattenfallGroup's ill-conceived windfarm when it will lose £25M yearly?
If you want to be successful in business you must take risks. Make sure each risk is calculated and can have a positive fallback.
How many more Never Trumpers will be allowed to testify about a perfectly appropriate phone call when all anyone has to do is READ THE TRANSCRIPT! I knew people were listening in on the call (why would I say something inappropriate?) which was fine with me but why so many?
Happy to have just passed 1.3M Twitter followers. Love communicating with everyone daily.
People have no idea how hard Hurricane Michael has hit the great state of Georgia. I will be visiting both Florida and Georgia early next week. We are working very hard on every area and every state that was hit - we are with you!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on @FoxNews - Turn off the football for 15 minutes Make America Great Again!
“60 Minutes” treats President Obama with kid gloves--- Mike Wallace is spinning in his grave!
.@pennjillette is an extraordinary entertainer &amp; magician whose star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame is long overdue. Very proud of him.
Thank you @JennaEllisRives -- totally agree! 
Thank you Georgia! I appreciate all of your support. #Trump2016 
Watched Da Nang Dick Blumenthal on television spewing facts almost as accurate as his bravery in Vietnam (which he never saw). As the bullets whizzed by Da Nang Dicks head as he was saving soldiers....
Looking forward to press conference on taxes at 11AM at @TrumpTowerNY.
Failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney the man who "choked" and let us all down is now endorsing Lyin' Ted Cruz. This is good for me!
The NRA in Nashville today was amazing. Packed house and standing ovation for Trump. THANKS!
Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who’s the boss? Realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith.
People are not being told that the Republican Party is on track to pick up two seats in the U.S. Senate and epic victory: 53 to 47. The Fake News Media only wants to speak of the House where the Midterm results were better than other sitting Presidents.
'The Clinton Foundation’s Most Questionable Foreign Donations'#PayToPlay #
Thank you.  
“If you want the best you’d better be the best – in all aspects of business.” – Think Like a Billionaire
....This is a phony showtrial. There is zero due process none. It is yet another fraudulent hoax conspiracy theory. It is another Witch Hunt. This is what the Socialist Doemocrat Party has become. There’s not one thing the Democrats have done in the past 3 years except try...
Super PACs should be disavowed by anyone running for President. They are a total scam on our system and country! I am self-funding.
The U.S. has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico. It has been a one-sided deal from the beginning of NAFTA with massive numbers...
We.signed our deal to take over the historic Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Ave. from the U.S. and convert it into super luxury hotel-jobs!
Failure defeats losers failure inspires winners. -- Robert T. Kiyosaki@theRealKiyosaki
“Whether you realize it or not your brand can be many times more valuable than your business.” – Midas Touch
Going with First Lady to pay our respects to Justice Stevens. Leaving now!
I never offered Pardons to Homeland Security Officials never ordered anyone to close our Southern Border (although I have the absolute right to do so and may if Mexico does not apprehend the illegals coming to our Border) and am not “frustrated.” It is all Fake &amp; Corrupt News!
Check out the #trumpvlog to see the answers to your questions... 
Capitalism doesn't guarantee success only a chance to succeed. The community organizer @BarackObama doesn't (cont) 
Mini Mike Bloomberg has instructed his third rate news organization not to investigate him or any Democrat but to go after President Trump only. The Failing New York Times thinks that is O.K. because their hatred &amp; bias is so great they can’t even see straight. It’s not O.K.!
A-Rod is just not making it. We want to give him a chance but it was only drugs that made him great.
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.
You can’t Impeach someone who hasn’t done anything wrong!
Too bad a large portion of the Media refuses to report the lies and corruption having to do with the Rigged Witch Hunt - but that is why we call them FAKE NEWS!
Bernie's exhausted he just wants to shut down and go home to bed!
Mexico is doing NOTHING to help stop the flow of illegal immigrants to our Country. They are all talk and no action. Likewise Honduras Guatemala and El Salvador have taken our money for years and do Nothing. The Dems don’t care such BAD laws. May close the Southern Border!
Nasty  tactics being used by @BarackObama campaign against @MittRomney. Must stop saying Obama is a nice man--he is not!
Getting ready to meet the LSU Tigers the National Champions. Great Coach great Team great School. Very exciting!
Mark my words a gallon of gas will be $5 during the summer. OPEC is ripping us off. There's nobody in our (cont) 
It's good to see that @FLGovScott is protecting the sanctity of this November's elections Voter fraud must be broken.
Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower New York---winner of  the Forbes Five-Star Hotel Award in 2009 through 2012. 
How do you get Impeached when you have done NOTHING wrong (a perfect call) have created the best economy in the history of our Country rebuilt our Military fixed the V.A. (Choice!) cut Taxes &amp; Regs protected your 2nd A created Jobs Jobs Jobs and soooo much more? Crazy!
....What right does Crazy Nancy have to hold up this Senate trial. None! She has a bad case and would rather not have a negative decision. This Witch Hunt must end NOW with a trial in the Senate or let her default &amp; lose. No more time should be wasted on this Impeachment Scam!
Do you believe that Obama is giving weapons to "moderate rebels" in Syria.Isn't sure who they are. What the hell is he doing.Will turn on us
Detroit’s bankruptcy could just be the start  Many municipalities across US are over-leveraged &amp; losing citizens
Happy Canada Day to all of the great people of Canada and to your Prime Minister and my new found friend @JustinTrudeau. #Canada150
.@AlexSalmond’s insane release of the terrorist—for humanitarian reasons--will go down as a better decision..
“Fact checkers have become Fake News.” @JesseBWatters   So True!
The Senate should get funding done before the August break or NOT GO HOME. Wall and Border Security should be included. Also waiting for approval of almost 300 nominations worst in history. Democrats are doing everything possible to obstruct all they know how to do. STAY!
Read the Transcripts! Also see where I say “us” (our Country) as opposed to “me” (meaning me) and where I then say that the Attorney General (of the United States) will call you. People still remember Schiff’s made up and fraudulent version of my conversation. Witch Hunt!
Assad will never give up his chemical weapons. He has spent years and billions accumulating them. This is all a ruse.
Discover your true self and surround yourself with people who complement your gifts and modes of operation. - Midas Touch
Review your work habits &amp; make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Don't tread water--get out there and go for it.
“What’s been revealed is a Country in better shape than it’s been in decades. Working men and women in the Country are the beneficiaries of a President who’s doing exactly what he said he was going to do that is to restore prosperity for all Americans.” @LouDobbs  Thank you Lou!
Just spoke to Governor @HenryMcMaster of South Carolina regarding Hurricane Dorian. I informed Henry that we are monitoring South Carolina and stand by ready to assist. Be safe everyone we are totally with you!

It’s about time for all Americans (Republicans &amp; Democrats) to force our elected officials to start acting fiscally responsible!

While I won't be running for Governor of New York State a race I would have won I have much bigger plans in mind- stay tuned will happen!
THANK YOU to everyone in Little Rock Arkansas tonight! A record crowd of 12K. # 
Hope you enjoy the story in the highly respected Real Estate Weekly 
No matter what you give to the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats it will never be enough!
Lucky for New York highly respected John Cahill is running for NY State AG against incumbent lightweight dope @AGSchneiderman @CahillForAG
...do the typical political thing and BLAME. The fact is ObamaCare was a lie from the beginning."Keep you doctor keep your plan!" It is....
We have defeated ISIS in Syria my only reason for being there during the Trump Presidency.
My interview with @gretawire on Fox News for those who missed it - 'Obama's Constantly on Vacation'      
I have been saying for weeks for President Obama to stop the flights from West Africa. So simple but he refused. A TOTAL incompetent!
Great new numbers. Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain # 
#DONOTHINGDEMS
The U.S. has appealed ro Russia not to intervene in Ukraine - Russia tells U.S. they will not become involved and then laughs loudly!
I was recently asked if Crooked Hillary Clinton is going to run in 2020? My answer was "I hope so!"
Today it was my great honor to address the @LatinoCoalition Legislative Summit. With the hard work love &amp; devotion of millions of incredible Hispanic-Americans our Country is thriving our people are prospering and our future has never looked brighter! 
The last time I visited China I couldn't believe all the construction. You can go up with a project in a week--no red tape.
THANK YOU!
Our case against lyin’ cheatin’ liddle’ Adam “Shifty” Schiff Cryin’ Chuck Schumer Nervous Nancy Pelosi their leader dumb as a rock AOC &amp; the entire Radical Left Do Nothing Democrat Party starts today at 10:00 A.M. on @FoxNews @OANN or Fake News @CNN or Fake News MSDNC!
Re Megyn Kelly quote: "you could see there was blood coming out of her eyes blood coming out of her wherever" (NOSE). Just got on w/thought
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.  -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Remember that things are cyclical so be resilient be patient be creative and remain positive. - Think Like a Champion
Why didn’t Schiff release this? 
...or a very nervous and skinny version of Pocahontas (1000/24th) as your President rather than what you have now so great looking and smart a true Stable Genius! Sorry to say that even Social Media would be driven out of business along with and finally the Fake News Media!
Russia talk is FAKE NEWS put out by the Dems and played up by the media in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks!
Alex Baldwin whose dieing mediocre career was saved by his impersonation of me on SNL now says playing DJT was agony for him. Alex it was also agony for those who were forced to watch. You were terrible. Bring back Darrell Hammond much funnier and a far greater talent!
“It’s the attack strategy of harass. This is not about the Attorney General who is very sophisticated &amp; knows it isn’t about him it’s about trying to destroy President Trump through an assault on his AG for upholding the rule of law. He released a massive amount of......
Based on the ovation last night from the Letterman @Late_Show audience I believe it will be hard for Obama to throw $5M down the drain....
Now Mini Mike Bloomberg is critical of Jack Wilson who saved perhaps hundreds of people in a Church because he was carrying a gun and knew how to use it. Jack quickly killed the shooter who was beginning a rampage. Mini is against the 2nd A. His ads are Fake just like him!
The Democrats want to abolish ICE which will mean more crime in our country. I want to give ICE a big cheer! Vote Republican in November.
I will be interviewed today on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:00 (Eastern) Network. ENJOY!
Last Thursday Obama said "investing in infrastructure would improve our economy for the long term" The next day he again stopped Keystone
Just had a wonderful conversation with @Pontifex Francis offering condolences from the People of the United States for the horrible and destructive fire at Notre Dame Cathedral. I offered the help of our great experts on renovation and construction as I did....
“Never Ignore Donald Trump”  by Jeffrey Lord @AmSpec
Even liberals &amp; Democrats think Eric Schneiderman’s use of the Atty General’s office is unfair &amp; unethical.  
Apple is finally considering a large screen for the I-Phone-they better get moving fast. When I told them to do this last year they scoffed
Good job I must say by Bob Woodward on “Deface the Nation.” The CBS no name host(ess) and other guest Peter Baker of The Failing New York Times were totally biased boring and wrong (as usual) but Woodward was cool calm and interesting. Thank you Bob!
Millions of $'s of false ads  paid for by lobbyists-special interests of cheater @SenTedCruz  and sleepy @JebBush are now running in S.C.
GDP was revised upward to 3.1 for last quarter. Many people thought it would be years before that happened. We have just begun!
Entrepreneurs: Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net worth.
Why would a very low ratings radio talk show host like Hugh Hewitt be doing the next debate on @CNN. He is just a 3rd rate "gotcha" guy!
Via @HorsetalkNZ: “Florida’s Trump Invitational to kick off showjumping year”  Mar-a-Lago's 3rd ann. Trump Grand Prix!
.@DavidLetterman @Late_Show fully apologized last night for calling me a racist. Thank you David--we are again friends.
Our highly trained security professionals are not allowed to do their job on the Border because of the Judicial Activism and Interference by the 9th Circuit. Nevertheless they are working hard to make America a safer place though hard to do when anybody filing a lawsuit wins!
I was thrilled to be back in the Great city of Charlotte North Carolina with thousands of hardworking American Patriots who love our Country cherish our values respect our laws and always put AMERICA FIRST! Thank you for a wonderful evening!! #KAG2020 
Friends in NY-9 let @BarackObama know that you don't approve of his mistreatment of @Israel.  Vote for @Bobturner9th tomorrow!
James Comey just threw Andrew McCabe “under the bus.” Inspector General’s Report on McCabe is a disaster for both of them! Getting a little (lot) of their own medicine?
A big week especially with our numerous victories in the Supreme Court. Heading back to the White House now. Focus will be on the selection of a new Supreme Court Justice. Exciting times for our country. Economy may be stronger than it has ever been!
Via @Newsmax_Media by Alana Marie Burke: “Donald Trump 2016: 7 Key Political Positions” 
If you like automobiles how can you vote for a Democrat who all want to get rid of cars as quickly as possible especially if they are powered by gasoline. Remember also no more than one car per family. I on the other hand have new plants being built all over Michigan Plus!
“There is a point in every contest when sitting on the sidelines is not an option.”  -- Dean Smith
Everyone is telling me that @EliotSpitzer is going to run against lightweight @AGSchneiderman--Spitzer would win!
Obama is now standing in a puddle acting like a President--give me a break.
The LIVE FINALE of @ApprenticeNBC is this Sunday at 9/8C. Watch and see who will be the first ever All-Star Celebrity Apprentice.
George Steinbrenner was a great friend and a true legend. There will never be anyone like him in New York. We've lost a truly great man.
Via @chicagotribune by @bob_writes: “@TrumpChicago tower unit sets resale record at $3.99M” 
“If we ever forget that we are One Nation Under God then we will be a nation gone under.”- Ronald Reagan (Feb. 6 1911–June 5 2004)
How much longer are we expected to put up with the world's most incompetent     leader - ObamaCare Iran Syria bads deals. JUST NEVER ENDS
Support Coach Kennedy and his right together with his young players to pray on the football field. Liberty Institute just suspended him!
Since my election as President the Dow Jones is up 43% and the NASDAQ Composite almost 50%. Great news for your 401(k)s as they continue to grow. We are bringing back America faster than anyone thought possible!
Via @rcpvideo: “Donald Trump on Who He Likes For President: Donald Trump” 
.@HillaryClinton - Obama #ISIS Strategy Has Allowed It To Expand To Become A Global Threat #DebateNight 
this election. That is a direct threat to our democracy." She then said "We have to accept the results and look to the future Donald --
Thank you Virginia! #ImWithYou 
#FlashbackFriday #CrookedHillary 
Same CDC which is bringing Ebola to US misplaced samples of anthrax earlier this year   Be careful.
Via CBSWashDC: “114-Year-Old DC Building a Step Closer to Becoming Trump’s Latest Hotel” 

Thanks to Giovanni's Coal Fire Pizza of Florida for donating enough pizza to feed 750 Police Athletic League youngsters in NY this Friday.
“Donald Trump on Mark Levin: Karl Rove is one of the most overrated people in politics”  via @TheRightScoop
So much Fake News about what is going on in the White House. Very calm and calculated with a big focus on open and fair trade with China the coming North Korea meeting and of course the vicious gas attack in Syria. Feels great to have Bolton &amp; Larry K on board. I (we) are
The home of the boardroom- @TrumpTowerNY-  #CelebApprentice
Why is the NFL getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting our Anthem Flag and Country? Change tax law!
Mini Mike Bloomberg is playing poker with his foolhardy and unsuspecting Democrat rivals. He says that if he loses (he really means when!) in the primaries he will spend money helping whoever the Democrat nominee is. By doing this he figures they won’t hit him as hard....
No @JebBush you’re pathetic for saying nothing happened during your brother’s term when the World Trade Center was attacked and came down.
Entrepreneurs: Keep your focus and keep your momentum. Listen apply and move forward. Set the standard!
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles is situated on the Palos Verdes Peninsula overlooking the Pacific Ocean... 
Senator @LindseyGrahamSC made horrible statements about @SenTedCruz – and then he endorsed him. No wonder nobody trusts politicians!
Looking forward to addressing @ralphreed’s @FaithandFreedom 'Road to Majority Conference' on June 13th 
A-Rod hit ball hard first at bat. Time for him to step up and leave.
Join me live for the #
So many people who have children with autism have thanked me—amazing response. They know far better than fudged up reports!
Dine With The Donald and Mitt:
Via @NRO: "Donald Trump Eyes 2016" by @woodruffbets 
Looking forward to straightening out unfair Trade Deals with the G-7 countries. If it doesn’t happen we come out even better!
Exciting news—After massive construction the Blue Monster at Trump National Doral is open for business today. 
UPCOMING RALLIES - JOIN ME!TOMORROWFletcher NC @ 12pm.  OH @ 7pm. 
SHIFTY SCHIFF DUPED BY RUSSIAN PRANKSTERS! 
Don't forget to watch The Tonight Show with the wonderful @jimmyfallon at 11:30 P.M. You will not be disappointed!  @NBC
3rd rate writer Vicky Ward who begged me for help- see her letters to me. 
During the campaign I promised to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN by bringing businesses and jobs back to our country. I am very proud to see companies like Chrysler moving operations from Mexico to Michigan where there are so many great American workers! 
Thank you Piers for the wonderful article and also great writing. @piersmorgan 
Always be prepared to start.” - @JoeMontana,05-21-2015 16:10:01,108,124,false,601419686941749248Twitter Web Client,Via @TWtravelnews by Robert Silk: “Renovations make Trump's Doral a showcase once again”  15:53:45,8,14,false,601415592411815936Twitter for Android,@millersandra88: @realDonaldTrump @MansfieldRA @FoxNews He is the only one who could save us!!"
Here we go - Enjoy!
I will be going to Aberdeen Scotland today to help my team celebrate the great success of Trump International Golf Links-press conference.
Thank you to all of the incredible Law Enforcement Officers in South Carolina tonight. We love you! 
Congratulations to @nyknicks on winning their first Atlantic Division title since 1994. @carmeloanthony is a great New Yorker and Knick!
Report: Christopher Steele backed up his Democrat &amp; Crooked Hillary paid for Fake &amp; Unverified Dossier with information he got from “send in watchers” of low ratings CNN. This is the info that got us the Witch Hunt!
I never quit trying. I never felt that I didn't have a chance to win. -- Arnold Palmer @KingdomMag
Unimaginable loss - Such great people! 
Back by popular demand @GiulianaRancic and @BravoAndy are co-hosting tonight's #MissUniverse pageant.  They are great!
.@JerryLawler was terrific. #WWEHOF 
In calling my tweets ‘obnoxious’ @AOL says “I sure know how to keep them wanting more.”  They are welcome.  I just tell it like it is.
...come down hard--tax the hell out of their imports and reduce our deficit fast.
“Donald Trump on VA woes: ‘I’d fire everybody’; ‘you fix it by getting Trump elected’”  via @washtimes by @dsherfinski
....Tariffs have had a tremendous positive impact on our Steel Industry. Plants are opening all over the U.S. Steelworkers are working again and big dollars are flowing into our Treasury. Other countries use Tariffs against but when we use them foolish people scream!
China is now attacking Japan's economy for leverage   Soon they will try the same with us. #TimeToGetTough
I take great pride watching skaters enjoy the #TRUMP Rink in Central Park from my office--world's best skating rink 
Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance.-- Samuel Johnson
Vince McMahon @WWE and I hold the all-time ratings &amp; pay-per-view record in the history of wrestling.
My thoughts on the situation in Norway and Amanda Knox...  #trumpvlog
Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Michael Cohen’s book manuscript shows that he committed perjury on a scale not seen before. He must have forgotten about his book when he testified. What does Hillary Clinton’s lawyer Lanny Davis say about this one. Is he being paid by Crooked Hillary. Using her lawyer?
Let’s go FLORIDA!  
Countries charge U.S. companies taxes or tariffs while the U.S. charges them nothing or little.We should charge them SAME as they charge us!
The $10 billion (net worth) is AFTER all debt and liabilities. So simple to understand but @CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics is just plain dumb!
The corrupt Mainstream Media is working overtime not to mention the infiltration of people Spies (Informants) into my campaign! Surveillance much?
I am the only one that knows how to build cities - pols are all talk and no action. Our cities need help and fast. They are crumbling!
The deficits under @BarackObama are the highest in America's history. Why is he bankrupting our country?
....bad Economic times the worse the better anything to make my Election more difficult to win. Well we are having very good meetings the Leaders are getting along very well and our Country economically is doing great - the talk of the world!
I will be going to Sarasota Florida today for a big rally with amazing people! I have one goal on mind: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Trump Int’l Washington D.C. is a historic building which our entire nation can take pride in &amp; enjoy Opening 2016 
OK so after two years of hard work and each party trying their best to make the other party look as bad as possible it’s time to get back to business. The Mueller Report strongly stated that there was No Collusion with Russia (of course) and in fact they were rebuffed.....
Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Wow Huffington Post just stated that I am number 1 in the polls of Republican candidates. Thank you but the work has just begun!
Another Record Stock Market 21 times this year despite an ongoing &amp; totally unfounded Witch Hunt &amp; a Democrat Party that would love to see a nice big juicy recession. In actuality the potential for the United States is unlimited. We will power through the Do Nothing Dems!
THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE! 
Kerry &amp; Murphy illegally violated the Logan Act. This is why Iran is not making a deal. Must be dealt with strongly! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament according to new book which is a mess!
The Costa Concordia shipwreck is a MONUMENT TO STUPIDITY but the uprighting of the ship is a MONUMENT TO GENIUS!
Of course I don't think Jimmy Carter is dead-saw him today on T.V. Just being sarcastic but never thought he was alive as President stiff!
Which National Costume do you think should win? 
The Obama/Biden Administration is the most corrupt Administration in the history of our Country!
I am pleased to announce the launch of  This new platform will allow my campaign and other Republicans to compete with the Democrats money machine. This has been a priority of mine and I’m pleased to share that it is up and running! #KeepAmericaGreat
Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality. -- Warren G. Bennis
I've just done a major Dateline for NBC - March 3rd just ahead of Apprentice.
The @WSJ Wall Street Journal loves to write badly about me. They better be careful or I will unleash big time on them. Look forward to it!
I always enjoy speaking to young aspiring entrepreneurs.  They are hungry motivated and eager to learn.  Proves America can still be great.
It has been reported that Robert Mueller is saying that he did not apply and interview for the job of FBI Director (and get turned down) the day before he was wrongfully appointed Special Counsel. Hope he doesn’t say that under oath in that we have numerous witnesses to the...
....for the Middle Class. The House and Senate should consider ASAP as the process of final approval moves along. Push Biggest Tax Cuts EVER
Must read @IBDinvestors editorial: “Child Alien Crisis Obama's Fault But GOP Won't Pounce” 
A great interview of @DonaldJTrumpJr in the @ globeandmail on Trump Tower Toronto 
Little Andy Lassner who lives his life through Ellen and has nothing else going for himself is having a really bad night! #Oscars
....and Japan will put up with this much longer. Perhaps China will put a heavy move on North Korea and end this nonsense once and for all!
....I am doing exactly what I pledged to do and what I was elected to do by the citizens of our great Country. Just as I promised I am fighting for YOU!
On 1300 acres in Charlottesville @trumpwinery’s wine has been awarded the coveted Virginia Double Gold Medal 
Thank you Christian Broadcasting Network  @TheBrodyFile @CBNNews 
The feeling of many about @MittRomney! 
Received so many Congratulations from so many on our Big Victory last night including from foreign nations (friends) that were waiting me out and hoping on Trade Deals. Now we can all get back to work and get things done!
In one of the biggest stories in a long time the FBI now says it is missing five months worth of lovers Strzok-Page texts perhaps 50000 and all in prime time. Wow!
'S&amp;P 500 Edges Higher After Trump Renews Jobs Pledge' 
We want to make sure that we have the workforce development programs we need to ensure these jobs are.... 
“Is their a case for impeachment? Absolutely not!” There is no high crimes or misdemeanors no treason no extortion no treason.” RD Robert Ray respected
The statement about leaving the base came directly from CBS Evening News.
True! 
Obama just had another trillion dollar budget deficit for the fourth year in a row. At least he is consistent.
“Pay attention to the small numbers in your finances such as percentages and cents...

The French police are afraid to go into many  communities. How did France let this all happen and how did the female terrorist ever escape?
Glad to hear @SethMacFarlane will be hosting this year's Oscars. Something new that should be fun.
“Courage is contagious. When a brave man takes a stand the spines of others are often stiffened.” – Rev. @BillyGraham
Via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1: "TRUMP: OBAMA SHOULDN’T ATTACK AMERICANS OVERSEAS HILLARY’S EMAIL WAS ‘CRIMINAL" 
Brand new selection of Trump Signature Collection shirts and ties @Macys.  Go check them out.
Loved being in Manassas VA last night. Such incredible spirit! Now in DC for a speech will then visit Old Post Office under construction.
Our pathetic slow moving Federal Reserve headed by Jay Powell who raised rates too fast and lowered too late should get our Fed Rate down to the levels of our competitor nations. They now have as much as a two point advantage with even bigger currency help. Also stimulate!
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7.00 - 45 minutes. Talking about Ebola Obama and other strange U.S. happenings!
New Strzok-Page texts reveal “Media Leak Strategy.”  @FoxNews  So terrible and NOTHING is being done at DOJ or FBI - but the world is watching and they get it completely.
Also appearing on the Miss USA Pageant will be Country Superstar Trace Adkins and Pop Rock Sensation Boys Like Girls...
.@JayWebberNJ is running for Congress in the 11th District of New Jersey. He is outstanding in every way. Strong on Borders loves our Military and our Vets. Big Crime fighter. Jay has my Full and Total Endorsement!
Congressman @RodBlum of Iowa got a desperately needed Flood Wall for Cedar Rapids that was almost impossible to get. He makes a BIG difference for Iowa! Border Military Vets etc. We need Rod in D.C. He has my Strong Endorsement!
.@ErinBurnett’s @OutFrontCNN ratings are so pathetic she even loses to @hardball_chris at 7PM which is replay of 5PM 
A robust growing economy is how to fix Social Security and Medicare---not cuts on Seniors.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
As President I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU the American people! 
“@NMoralesNBC @ThomasARoberts to Host 63rd Annual @MissUniverse”  via @TheWrap by @AnthonyMaglio
Is @billmaher the dumbest man on television?—I think so.
.@bwilliams knows that I think his newscast has become totally boring so he took a shot at me last night.
Obama once said he “would be ignoring the law” by granting amnesty through executive action. Now he’s about to do it. What will Congress do?
.@foxandfriends int. on gov. collecting data whistle blower hiding in China &amp; no bikinis in Miss World pageant 
James Gandolfini was a remarkable talent.  He was also a decent man.  We will all miss him.
Iran hides behind its assertion of technical compliance w/the nuclear deal while it brazenly violates the other limits..Amb. @NikkiHaley 
Uganda must find the kidnappers of the American Tourist and guide before people will feel safe in going there. Bring them to justice openly and quickly!
It is my great honor to send $25000 to Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi. #marinefreed
Today it was my great honor to welcome President @AlsisiOfficial of the Arab Republic of Egypt to the @WhiteHouse! 
“The ceasefire is holding up very nicely. There are some minor skirmishes that have ended quickly. New areas being resettled with Kurds. U.S. soldiers are not in combat or ceasefire zone. We have secured the Oil.” Mark Esper Secretary of Defense. Ending endless wars!
“I agree with the President the Supreme Court got it wrong. There should be a question about Citizenship on the Census. A.G. Barr sees a pathway to add the Citizenship Question.”  Steve Doocy @foxandfriends  Working hard on something that should be so easy. People are fed up!
“There is no underlying crime in that transcript.” @IngrahamAngle  100% correct and the Whistleblower disappeared after I released the transcript of the call. Where is the Whistleblower? That is why this is now called the Impeachment Hoax! The Do Nothing Dems are Doing Nothing!
Congrats to Jim Lipton and Inside the Actors Studio for winning the Emmy Award for the 250th Episode. I was honored to appear in it.
I cancelled today's meeting with the failing @nytimes when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment. Not nice
Don't worry when our country starts hurting bad enough from all of the mistakes that are being made we will start doing the right things.
Drop A-Rod in the order and cut his salary based on unreported drug use. Also not a pressure player.
Someone should inform @CNN that despite spending millions of $'s on graphics it is not the Democratic Debate rather the Democrat (s) D!
Great article in the @NewYorkPost by Ben Garrett--"Don't Blame Sandy on Global Warming" 
I guess they have Lance Armstrong cold. Brutal report. A waste of taxpayer money to take down an American hero.
Schiff and the Dems have created this whole thing they reverse engineer it. They’ve been vowing to impeach for three years. Why should we listen to them? Why should we want to?”  @greggutfeld @FoxNews
I am pleased to report that the U.S. has made substantial progress in our trade talks with China on important structural issues including intellectual property protection technology transfer agriculture services currency and many other issues. As a result of these very......
President Obama said that he thinks he would have won against me. He should say that but I say NO WAY! - jobs leaving ISIS OCare etc.
Russia is sending a fleet of ships to the Mediterranean. Obama’s war in Syria has the potential to widen into a worldwide conflict.
Where’s the accountability for the $635M website fiasco in the Obama administration? Heads should roll and officials should be fired
94% Approval Rating within the  Republican Party. Thank you!
#CelebApprentice Time for the first firing of the night.
The Democrat Caucus is an unmitigated disaster. Nothing works just like they ran the Country. Remember the  5 Billion Dollar Obamacare Website that should have cost 2% of that. The only person that can claim a very big victory in Iowa last night is “Trump”.
Carl Icahn said this about me:  "I think at this moment in time he’s the only candidate that speaks out about the country’s problems."
Going to New York. Will be with Prime Minister Abe of Japan tonight talking Military and Trade. We have done much to help Japan would like to see more of a reciprocal relationship. It will all work out!
The only candidate who can get 1145 delegates is @MittRomney. The primary is over.
.@AlexSalmond  Heatwave in Scotland makes wind turbines useless. Big problem expensive mess.

Wall Street paid for ad is a fraud just like Crooked Hillary! Their main line had nothing to do with women and they knew it. Apologize?
Thank you Tennessee! #Trump2016 
Yogi Berra was not only a great baseball player he was a great guy. Yogi will be missed. 
THE DONALD J. TRUMP PRESIDENTIAL EXPLORATORY COMMITTEE-
As usual Hillary &amp; the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games. Same as last time w/ Bernie. Unacceptable!
BIGGEST TRADE DEAL EVER MADE the USMCA was signed yesterday and the Fake News Media barely mentioned it. They never thought it could be done. They have zero credibility!
Looking forward to being with the Bush family. This is not a funeral this is a day of celebration for a great man who has led a long and distinguished life. He will be missed!
“Get to the essence immediately. Learn to economize. People appreciate brevity in today’s world.” – Think Like a Champion
I will take care of the Veterans who have served this country so bravely.#ThankAVet Video:  
“FBI Agent Peter Strzok (on the Mueller team) should have recused himself on day one. He was out to STOP THE ELECTION OF DONALD TRUMP. He needed an insurance policy. Those are illegal improper goals trying to influence the Election. He should never ever been allowed to........
Ever since the passage of the Super Predator Crime Bill pushed hard by @JoeBiden together with Bill and Crooked Hillary Clinton which inflicted great pain on many but especially the African American Community Democrats have tried and failed to pass Criminal Justice Reform...
Iraq is more dangerous today than any time under Saddam. War was a mistake as I said from the very beginning. Bush &amp; Obama should apologize
“We the people will now be subjected to the biggest display of modern day McCarthyism....which is the widest fishing net expedition....every aspect of the presidents life....all in order to get power back so they can institute Socialism.” @seanhannity
Peter Morici Economist: Tariffs will not impact American consumers that much because the Chinese currency has gone down which gives our importers a discount. Importers can find suppliers outside of China. Absolutely worth it we don’t want to be servants to the Chinese! This...

Will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 PM.
“All-Star Celebrity Apprentice” is #1 in the time period among ABC CBS and NBC in 18-49 and all other key demos—Nielsen Ratings
My Trump Home Mattress Collection by Serta is setting records--they are really phenomenal. You can order them at 
They should close down Rolling Stone Magazine after the phony rape charge story. University of Virginia should sue them for big bucks!
#JFKFiles 
“Donald Trump: The View Will be Better without Joy Behar (Video)”  via @gatewaypundit
Thank you to Novartis for not increasing your prices on prescription drugs. Likewise to Pfizer. We are making a big push to actually reduce the prices maybe substantially on prescription drugs.
My wife the beautiful @MELANIATRUMP will be appearing… #CelebApprentice
Heading back from a very exciting two days in Davos Switzerland. Speech on America’s economic revival was well received. Many of the people I met will be investing in the U.S.A.! #MAGA
Much bigger win than anticipated in Arizona. Thank you I will never forget!
Representative Randy Weber (@TxRandy14) of Texas has been a HUGE supporter of our #MAGA Agenda from the very beginning. Strong on Crime the Border Illegal Immigration the 2nd Amendment and our great Military &amp; Vets! Randy has my Full Endorsement!
Just concluded a very good meeting on preventing Mass Shootings. Talks are ongoing w/ both Republicans &amp; Democrats. We are likewise engaging with lawful gun owners survivors grieving family members law enforcement the NRA mental health professionals and school officials...
Chuck Schumer is holding up 320 appointments (Ambassadors Executives etc.) of great people who have left jobs and given up so much in order to come into Government. Schumer and the Democrats continue to OBSTRUCT!

USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi has now been held in Mexican jail for over 150 days. When will Obama call for his release? #FreeOurMarine
Great meeting on Capitol Hill with the @SenateGOP! 
A sketch years later about a nonexistent man. A total con job playing the Fake News Media for Fools (but they know it)! 
“I believe in spending what you have to.  But I also believe in not spending more than you should.” - The Art of the Deal
Such a phony hurricane report by lightweight reporter @jonkarl of @ABCWorldNews. I suggested yesterday at FEMA that along with Florida Georgia South Carolina and North Carolina even Alabama could possibly come into play which WAS true. They made a big deal about this...
No Collusion No Obstruction - but that doesn’t matter because the 13 Angry Democrats who are only after Republicans and totally protecting Democrats want this Witch Hunt to drag out to the November Election. Republicans better get smart fast and expose what they are doing!
Thank you for your support!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN which is happening and then KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
The so-called ‘moderate’ Syrian rebels pledged their allegiance to ISIS after Obama’s address. We should not be arming them!
Larry Kudlow on @Varneyco now!
Poll data shows that @marcorubio does by far the best in holding onto his Senate seat in Florida. Important to keep the MAJORITY. Run Marco!
The Justice Dept. should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down Travel Ban before the Supreme Court - &amp; seek much tougher version!
I was just briefed on Hurricane Florence. FEMA First Responders and Law Enforcement are supplied and ready. We are with you!  
“The more predictable the business the more valuable it is. Predictability also means consistency of brand experience.” - Midas Touch
NATIONAL DEBT January 2009 = $10.6 TRILLIONAugust 2016 = $19.4 TRILLION 
Figure out what really moves you. You've got to have the 'FIRE' in order to have the Midas Touch. -- Midas Touch
Worired that the USC will strike down ObamaCare @BarackObama is trying to implement his debacle in public schools 
He @BarackObama is incapable of admitting that he is a complete and utter failure. He is 100% responsible for Solyndra. 
JOBS JOBS JOBS! #MAGA 
“You have to have a good reason for doing what you’re doing because people connect with the why.” – Midas Touch
When will this illegal Joseph McCarthy style Witch Hunt one that has shattered so many innocent lives ever end-or will it just go on forever? After wasting more than $40000000 (is that possible?) it has proven only one thing-there was NO Collusion with Russia. So Ridiculous!
Thank you Wisconsin! My Administration will be focused on three very important words: jobs jobs jobs! Watch:… 
“Hillary Clinton clearly got a pass by the FBI. We have the unfortunate situation where they then decided they were going to frame Donald Trump” concerning the Rigged Witch Hunt. JOE DIGENOVA former U.S. Attorney.
.@TraceAdkins says @Joan_Rivers is a gem. I agree. We all agree. #CelebApprentice

.....But if a fair deal is able to be made with China one that does all of the many things we know must be finally done I will happily sign. Let the negotiations begin. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
JOBS JOBS JOBS!#PromisesMadePromisesKept🇺🇸 
At my request effective midnight tonight Carnival Royal Caribbean Norwegian and MSC have all agreed to suspend outbound cruises for thirty days. It is a great and important industry – it will be kept that way!
Please to inform that the Champion Pittsburgh Penguins of the NHL will be joining me at the White House for Ceremony. Great team!
Via @RadioIowa by @okayhenderson: “Trump touts business career but not TV show during Iowa speech” 
My interview yesterday with @TeamCavuto discussing Europe's debt deal and the GOP primary   
In case the Kurds or Turkey lose control the United States has already taken the 2 ISIS militants tied to beheadings in Syria known as the Beetles out of that country and into a secure location controlled by the U.S. They are the worst of the worst!
Look what happened to the autism rate from 1983-2008 since one-time massive shots were given to children-
....If a potential “sicko shooter” knows that a school has a large number of very weapons talented teachers (and others) who will be instantly shooting the sicko will NEVER attack that school. Cowards won’t go there...problem solved. Must be offensive defense alone won’t work!
March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Democrats are doing nothing about DACA. They Resist Blame Complain and Obstruct - and do nothing. Start pushing Nancy Pelosi and the Dems to work out a DACA fix NOW!
Such a disgrace that the Do Nothing Democrats are doing just as their name suggests Doing Nothing! USMCA anyone?
The Democrats have said some of the worst things about James Comey including the fact that he should be fired but now they play so sad!
I'd bet the horrible look of Pinehurst translates into poor television ratings. This is not what golf is about!
#BARACKTAX QUOTE: "If you have health insurance you're not getting hit with a tax."
Remember what I previously said--Obama will someday attack Iran in order to show how tough he is.
.@GovernorPerry in my office last cycle playing nice and begging for my support and money. Hypocrite! 
If you don't believe in yourself no one else will.
....are developing a really great HealthCare Plan with far lower premiums (cost) &amp; deductibles than ObamaCare. In other words it will be far less expensive &amp; much more usable than ObamaCare. Vote will be taken right after the Election when Republicans hold the Senate &amp; win......
Big day in Alabama. Vote for Luther Strange he will be great!
Obama's new campaign ad defends Solyndra   I guess losing $500M is a cause for celebration for @BarackObama.
Wow was Ted Cruz disloyal to his very capable director of communication. He used him as a scape goat-fired like a dog! Ted panicked.

Certain Internet sites are like a bad epidemic that won't go away---others are terrific
Great news for Republicans: Fred Keller has just won the hard fought for Pennsylvania Congressional contest in a LANDSLIDE over 70% of the vote. Thanks to the thousands who showed up for the Rally last night. Congratulations to Fred and his wonderful family!
Thank you Joe and remember the BRAIN is much sharper also! 
“Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world except money.” - Johnny Cash
Get out tomorrow and vote so that we can all finally say those magic words--- 
‎In anticipation of ObamaCare part-time jobs are surging &amp; full-time jobs are falling and becoming scarce 
I am self funding my campaign and only work for YOU the American people!#Trump2016 Video:  
Don't forget my book signing tonight at Costco on 1250 Old Country Road in Westbury NY from 6-8 pm. Hope to see you there.
China’s top trade negotiators are in the U.S. meeting with our representatives. Meetings are going well with good intent and spirit on both sides. China does not want an increase in Tariffs and feels they will do much better if they make a deal. They are correct. I will be......
I would feel sorry for @JebBush and how badly he is doing with his campaign other than for the fact he took millions of $'s of hit ads on me
Does any Republican have the ability to negotiate?
Benghazi is now a full blown training center for jihadists  Congratulations to the Obama administration.
Good news - @AFPhq is going to fight back against Rove’s attack on the Tea Party  Go get em! @marklevinshow
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party a Record. 218 Federal Judges also a Record. 2 Supreme Court Justices. Thank you!
Wow Strzok-Page the incompetent &amp; corrupt FBI lovers have texts referring to a counter-intelligence operation into the Trump Campaign dating way back to December 2015. SPYGATE is in full force! Is the Mainstream Media interested yet? Big stuff!
“Trump has outmastered the Deep State. He’s light years ahead of us.” MSDNC. I disagree. We have a long way to go. There are still some very bad sick people in our government - people who do not love our Country (In fact they hate our Country!).

The great GENERALS MacArthur and Patton real leaders and fighters are spinning in their graves as we give Syria info &amp; time to prepare.
Congratulations to the winners of the Commander-in-Chief's Trophy the great Air Force Falcons! Watch:… 
Poll: Trump Leads GOP Field Among Hispanics Records 34% Favorability  
.@60Minutes did a phony story about child separation when they know we had the exact same policy as the Obama Administration. In fact a picture of children in jails was used by other Fake Media to show how bad (cruel) we are but it was in 2014 during O years. Obama separated....
 
....overthrow the President through an illegal coup.” (Recommended by previous DOJ) @TomFitton @JudicialWatch
Passion gives great momentum and can be the catalyst for great achievement.
Senator Cindy Hyde-Smith is doing a GREAT JOB for the people of Mississippi and fully supports our #MAGA Agenda. Cindy is tough on Crime Strong on the Border and Illegal Immigration....
Thank you @RealWayneRoot! 
We need the Wall for the safety and security of our country. We need the Wall to help stop the massive inflow of drugs from Mexico now rated the number one most dangerous country in the world. If there is no Wall there is no Deal!
We have to make America great again!
I hear that dopey political pundit Lawrence O'Donnell one of the dumber people on television is about to lose his show-no ratings?Too bad
It was great being with Luther Strange last night in Alabama. What great people what a crowd! Vote Luther on Tuesday.
In analyzing the Alabama Primary race Fake News always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after Election!
Where is the progress in the state of New York over the last three years? There is none--only backwards.
I will be doing a news conference at The White House - 11:30 A.M. Will be discussing our success in the Midterms!
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. – Babe Ruth
The NYPD has been doing a fantastic job protecting NYC. I hope Chief Ray Kelly is strongly considering running for mayor.
State Treasurer John Kennedy is my choice for US Senator from Louisiana. Early voting today; election next Saturday.
Our Crazy Do Nothing (where’s USMCA infrastructure lower drug pricing &amp; much more?) Speaker of the House Nervous Nancy Pelosi who is petrified by her Radical Left knowing she will soon be gone (they &amp; Fake News Media are her BOSS) suggested on Sunday’s DEFACE THE NATION....
....that when this Administration’s alternative is no longer available California will squeeze them to a point of business ruin. Only reason California is now talking to them is because the Feds are giving a far better alternative which is much better for consumers!
My interview with @HowardKurtz on #MediaBuzz will air tomorrow on @Fox at 11am and 5pm. Great job Howie very insightful.
With Murders up 33% in Mexico a record why wouldn’t any sane person want to build a Wall! Construction has started and will not stop until it is finished. @LouDobbs @foxandfriends
Snowden should come back to America and face justice. Instead he is begging for clemency from Moscow. Treat him as a spy.
I wonder if Apple is upset with me for hounding them to produce a large screen iPhone. I hear they will be doing it soon—long overdue.
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution not the problem. Keep your focus positive.
New Poll - A majority of Americans think that John Brennan and James Comey should have their Security Clearances Revoked. Not surprised! @FoxNews
The WALL is making a very big difference. Even Dems in area are happy! 
So hard to believe that Lindsey Graham would be against saving soldier lives &amp; billions of $$$. Why are we fighting for our enemy Syria by staying &amp; killing ISIS for them Russia Iran &amp; other locals? Time to focus on our Country &amp; bring our youth back home where they belong!
When Mueller does his final report will he be covering all of his conflicts of interest in a preamble will he be recommending action on all of the crimes of many kinds from those “on the other side”(whatever happened to Podesta?) and will he be putting in statements from.....
....I asked John for his resignation which was given to me this morning. I thank John very much for his service. I will be naming a new National Security Advisor next week.
Last day to register to VOTE in Alabama California South Dakota and Wyoming! #JobsNotMobs  
The Defense Production Act is in full force but haven’t had to use it because no one has said NO! Millions of masks coming as back up to States.
Very good speech by @MichelleObama--and under great pressure--Dems should be proud!
The UK is seriously thinking about halting wind turbine subsidies. Good news killing country.
Great job @MariaTCardona on @ThisWeekABC. You made kooky Cokie Roberts and @BillKristol look even dumber than they are. You will be right!
Mini Mike is now negotiating both to get on the Democrat Primary debate stage and to have the right to stand on boxes or a lift during the debates. This is sometimes done but really not fair!
Thank you Maryland- what a great way to conclude the day! Will be back soon. #Trump2016  
....many more mistakes of judgement gets fired because frankly if I listened to him we would be in World War Six by now and goes out and IMMEDIATELY writes a nasty &amp; untrue book. All Classified National Security. Who would do this?
The Failing New York Times in one of the most devastating portrayals of bad journalism in history got caught by a leaker that they are shifting  from their Phony Russian Collusion Narrative (the Mueller Report &amp; his testimony were a total disaster) to a Racism Witch Hunt.....
.@foxandfriends in 15 minutes!
In case you missed it last week's @extratv interview  with @AJCalloway discussing Tiger Woods &amp; much more 
Why did Mitt Romney BEG me for my endorsement four years ago?
....BUT THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
....This will mean that the beyond important and seldom used act of Impeachment will be used routinely to attack future Presidents. That is not what our Founders had in mind. The good thing is that the Republicans have NEVER been more united. We will win!
Kimberley Strassel should get the Pulitzer. She is a treasure (and I don’t know her) who correctly called the Russia Hoax right from the start! Others who were soooo wrong will get the Prize. Fake News! 
Obama was guest at VP debate moderator Martha Raddatz's wedding   Do people think this is fair?
Chris @hardball_chris Matthews ratings are at new historic lows.  He is single-handedly destroying the entire @msnbc channel.
Do you believe the way Karzai talks down to the United States - zero respect!
Don't blindly pursue a career that others suggest or insist is right for you. It may be worth taking a pay cut for a job you love.
Interesting! 
The big questions in Comey’s badly reviewed book aren’t answered like how come he gave up Classified Information (jail) why did he lie to Congress (jail) why did the DNC refuse to give Server to the FBI (why didn’t they TAKE it) why the phony memos McCabe’s $700000 &amp; more?
Democrat Jon Ossoff who wants to raise your taxes to the highest level and is weak on crime and security doesn't even live in district.
Wow I have had so many calls from high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failing @nytimes piece. Massive front page for that!
I sure hope the sexting pervert Anthony Weiner runs for mayor.  Will be great fun watching him both lose and be humiliated.
Via @ConMonitorNews by @CMonitor_JVF: "Donald Trump guest speaker at event honoring James Foley" 
I wonder if the New York Times will apologize to me a second time as they did after the 2016 Election. But this one will have to be a far bigger &amp;  better apology. On this one they will have to get down on their knees &amp; beg for forgiveness-they are truly the Enemy of the People!
Negotiation is persuasion more than power. Be reasonable and flexible and never let anyone know exactly where you’re coming from.
.@McIlroyRory  Great job Rory - you have the heart and talent of a great champion. Work hard and win many more! See you at Turnberry.
Today it was my great honor to celebrate the #NationalDayOfPrayer at the @WhiteHouse in the Rose Garden! Proclamation:  
I don't believe I have been given any credit by the voters for self-funding my campaign the only one. I will keep doing but not worth it!
We must bring the truth directly to hard-working Americans who want to take our country back. #BigLeagueTruth… 
The great Scam is being revealed! 
Congratulations to Georgina Bloomberg on winning the inaugural Central Park Grand Prix CSI 3*  @MikeBloomberg
Chuck Jones who is President of United Steelworkers 1999 has done a terrible job representing workers. No wonder companies flee country!
The Fake News Media is looking hard for the Big Democrat Story but there is nothing too fabulous. Wouldn’t a big story be that I got more New Hampshire Primary Votes than any incumbent president in either party in the history of that Great State? Not an insignificant fact!
Gee that’s too bad. Such a fine guy. Presidential aspirations you know! 
Thank you for your support!#AmericaFirst #LeadRight2016  
Last year I signed the landmark VA Accountability Act to ensure those who mistreat our Veterans can be held fully accountable. Since my inauguration we have removed more than 3600 government employees who were not giving our Vets the care they deserve.... 
It was wonderful to be back in Missouri where our push for historic TAX CUTS all began. Six months ago I promised that we would cut taxes to bring Main Street roaring back - and that is exactly what is happening! 
“Destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business--so give it a chance to work.” – Think Like a Champion
I would absolutely kill Jon Stewart(?) in a debate - it would be no contest - he's not fast enough or smart enough (only obnoxious enough!).
MSDNC (Comcast Slime) @CNN and others of the Fake Media have now added Crazy Bernie to the list of Russian Sympathizers along with @TulsiGabbard &amp; Jill Stein (of the Green Party) both agents of Russia they say. But now they report President Putin wants Bernie (or me) to win.
Those Tweets were NOT Racist. I don’t have a Racist bone in my body! The so-called vote to be taken is a Democrat con game. Republicans should not show “weakness” and fall into their trap. This should be a vote on the filthy language statements and lies told by the Democrat.....
Did you know that one of seven Americans is now on food stamps? Think of it. In the United States the most pr… (cont) 
Baltimore’s numbers are the worst in the United States on Crime and the Economy. Billions of dollars have been pumped in over the years but to no avail. The money was stolen or wasted. Ask Elijah Cummings where it went. He should investigate himself with his Oversight Committee!
I will be on Bill O'Reilly's show tonight at 8 PM--talking about Iran and politics. @oreillyfactor
....This is a phony suppression poll meant to build up their Democrat partners. I haven’t even started campaigning yet and am constantly fighting Fake News like Russia Russia Russia. Look at North Carolina last night. Dan Bishop down big in the Polls WINS. Easier than 2016!
Read the Transcript. It is PERFECT!
As I have stated many times if the Democrats take over the House or Senate there will be disruption to the Financial Markets. We won the Senate they won the House. Things will settle down. They only want to impeach me because they know they can’t win in 2020 too much success!
Disgusting--@BarackObama's supporters are launching an anti-Mormon whisper campaign   Shameful but no surprise.
So impt Rep Senators under leadership of @SenateMajLdr McConnell get healthcare plan approved. After 7yrs of O'Care disaster must happen!
“There are 2 things I’ve found I’m very good at: overcoming obstacles and motivating good people to do their best work.”–The Art of The Deal
FBI &amp; DOJ to review the outrageous Jussie Smollett case in Chicago. It is an embarrassment to our Nation!
Visiting LA?  Be sure to make a reservation at Trump National Golf Club  The #1 public course in the country!
Think big. Stay focused. Be passionate. Don’t ever give up
Why is someone like George Pataki who did a terrible job as Governor of N.Y. and registers ZERO in the polls allowed on the debate stage?
As I predicted 16 cities led mostly by Open Border Democrats and the Radical Left have filed a lawsuit in of course the 9th Circuit! California the state that has wasted billions of dollars on their out of control Fast Train with no hope of completion seems in charge!
It is my honor today to announce that Danny Burch a United States citizen who has been held hostage in Yemen for 18 months has been recovered and reunited with his wife and children. I appreciate the support of the United Arab Emirates in bringing Danny home...
The new job figures don't include 315000 people who have given up looking for jobs.
We need a great leader- now! 
My time spent in Dayton and El Paso with some of the greatest people on earth. Thank you for a job well done! 
My friend Derek is a special athlete and special person--there is nobody like him. @Yankees
Experts stated that the Fed should not have tightened and then waited too long to undo their mistake. James Bullard of St. Louis Fed said they waited too long to correct the mistake that they made last December. “Mistake Powell cut rate and then he started talking.” @LouDobbs
After the way I beat Gov. Scott Walker (and Jeb Rand Marco and all others) in the Presidential Primaries no way he would ever endorse me!
My interview on @WOR710 with Jon Gambling discussing #TimeToGetTough meeting @NewtGingrich and the 2012 election 
Must read editorial today about lightweight New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman. Is he a crook? 
See you tonight in North Carolina. Making keynote for the Republican party- will be fun.
June 16th- 
Incredible young strong and brilliant people. Army/Navy! 
Trump International Golf Club Turnberry Scotland -- home to four of the greatest Open Championships of all time.. 
Despite the tremendous success that I have had as President including perhaps the greatest ECONOMY and most successful first two years of any President in history they have stollen two years of my (our) Presidency (Collusion Delusion) that we will never be able to get back.....
...Colin Powell thought Iraq has weapons of mass destruction.
If your enemies end up liking you it’s because they beat you.  You want their respect not their friendship.
“You know who’s at fault for this more than anyone else Comey because he leaked information and laundered it through a professor at Columbia Law School. Shame on that professor and shame on Comey. He snuck the information to a law professor who collaborated with him in........
So President Obama knew about Russia before the Election. Why didn’t he do something about it? Why didn’t he tell our campaign? Because it is all a big hoax that’s why and he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win!!!
Amy Pascal of Sony was totally used by Rev. Al Sharpton. She should be fired for stupidity.

Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction.- Ronald Reagan #MakeDCListen #DefundObamaCare
Have a GREAT EASTER I love you all!
Good news--@RickSantorum did the right thing. I congratulate him on running a very good race. Now it's onto @BarackObama -- go get him Mitt!
It was my great honor to host Canadian Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau at the @WhiteHouse today!🇺🇸🇨🇦 
Jerry will be getting the Presidential Medal of Freedom well deserved! 
Serious doubt in Illinois as to whether or not Cruz can run for President. First of many challenges. 
Just landed in Ohio. Thank you America- I am honored to win the final debate for our MOVEMENT. It is time to… 
....it is very possible that those sources don't exsist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy!
Get rich quick! Crooked Hillary Clinton's pay to play guide: 
Thank you David so true! 
I am not angry at Russia (or China) because their leaders are far smarter than ours. We need real leadership and fastbefore it is too late
May God be with the people of Sutherland Springs Texas. The FBI and Law Enforcement has arrived.
Check out my new book  "Time To Get Tough: Making America #1 Again" 
The Fed continues to flood the market with US dollars. Wrong move.
“It’s clear that they had eyes and ears all over the Trump Campaign” Judge Andrew Napolitano
US trade deficit hit $64B+ in April 2 yr record high  We must do better. China is ripping us. Bring the jobs home!
Veterans on President Trump’s handling of Border Security - 62% Approval Rating. On being a strong leader - 59%.  AP Poll. Thank you!
I had a lot of fun answering your questions in the latest round of #AskTheDonald. See if your question made it- 
I can’t believe the great @wjcarter got canned by @nytimes. He was a fantastic reporter &amp; really knew entertainment. He will be missed!
Franklin such a great photo. HAPPY 99th BIRTHDAY to your father @BillyGraham! 
The Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats keep chanting “fairness” when they put on the most unfair Witch Hunt in the history of the U.S. Congress. They had 17 Witnesses we were allowed ZERO and no lawyers. They didn’t do their job had no case. The Dems are scamming America!

Great to see the construction of the Old Post Office on Penn Ave. Going fast - under budget ahead of schedule!
Good move by Bernie S.
Thanks Mark will be fun. 
Thank you @scottienhughes for the great job you did on @CNN. Great energy and smarts! I will not let you down.
Looking for Father's Day gift? @Miamimagazine named the spa @TrumpDoral one of the best places for men to relax 
Watch Melania on QVC this morning from 10 a.m. to 11 a.m. with her third line of her "Melania Timepieces & Jewelry" collection...
Congress must defund ObamaCare.  It is destroying Medicare and breaking promises to our Seniors including veterans.
Now that we have found out that @CNN is a virtual fraud rumor has it that Jeff Zucker will be resigining momentarily?
.@KarlRove is a biased dope who wrote falsely about me re China and TPP. This moron wasted $430 million on political campaigns and lost 100%
Just returned from Mississippi - a great evening.
My @TheBrodyFile int. from Iowa on how I would build a wall to secure our Southern Border &amp; deduct costs from Mexico 
Entrepreneurs:  Let your actions show that you're the best. See each day as an opportunity to show you can do business at the highest level.
The MOVEMENT in Portsmouth New Hampshire w/ 7K supporters. THANK YOU! This is the biggest election of our lifetime… 
Great everyone is saying I did much better on @60Minutes  last week than President Obama did tonight. I agree!
Thank you Anaheim California!#Trump2016 
Don’t be afraid of being unique - it's like being afraid of your best self. --Donald J. Trump 
Spoke with @GovStitt of Oklahoma last night from Japan because of the devastating tornadoes. Told him that @FEMA and the federal government are fully behind him and the great people of Oklahoma.
Via @digitalspyus: "Donald Trump to Lord Sugar: 'Drop to your knees and thank me'" 
“Last night House Judiciary Chairman Jerry Nadler admitted that Democrats are pursuing Impeachment because it’s too dangerous to simply let the American people pick the next president in 2020.” @kilmeade  @FoxNews
Aberdeenshire coast is spectacular. Its historic value &amp; wildlife will be tarnished if these wind turbines are built--but they won't be!
Congratulations to our new #VASecretary Dr. David Shulkin. Time to take care of Veterans who have fought to protect… 
Sorry I won’t be able to do @foxandfriends at 7 AM on Monday—will be in India.
Marshawn Lynch of the NFL’s Oakland Raiders stands for the Mexican Anthem and sits down to boos for our National Anthem. Great disrespect! Next time NFL should suspend him for remainder of season. Attendance and ratings way down.
THANK YOU AMERICA! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
mention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk talk talk - no action or results. Sad!
My conversation from ON THE RECORD   @Gretawire 
Trump National Golf Club Washington D.C. is located on 600 acres and fronts the Potomac River. Spectacular!
All part of the Witch Hunt! 
Shirts and ties are doing great @Macys--thanks!
Thank you Gettysburg Pennsylvania! #DrainTheSwamp 
Just met with the incoming Speaker of the Florida House @SteveCrisafulli – a fantastic guy! He will be a truly great leader.
The Summit with Russia was a great success except with the real enemy of the people the Fake News Media. I look forward to our second meeting so that we can start implementing some of the many things discussed including stopping terrorism security for Israel nuclear........
... at St. Jude Children's Research Hospital  -- I am proud of you Eric.
Despite the upcoming election the cover of paper-thin Time Magazine looks like an ad for the movie Lincoln--sad!
Crooked Hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina. ISIS China Russia and all would love for her to be president. 4 more years!
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
Clinton betrayed Bernie voters. Kaine supports TPP is in pocket of Wall Street and backed Iraq War.

Attention Arnold Palmer:  Happy Birthday Arnold. There is no one like you --The King! @KingdomMag  
America’s Private Sector is stepping up to help us be STRONG! Many of the Nation’s distillers large and small are producing and donating hand sanitizer to help fight #COVID19. THANK YOU! 
Congratulations to Miss Rhode Island on winning the Miss USA contest. She did an amazing job.
“President Trump is facing a process which is unprecedented for its unfairness.” Sam Dewey
My @CNN interview with @TVAshleigh discussing @MittRomney's electability and @RickSantorum's Senate loss.  
Good advice from my mother Mary MacLeod Trump: “Trust in God and be true to  yourself.”
Looking forward to @David_Bossie &amp; @RepJeffDuncan’s @Citizens_United Freed Summit in Greenville SC this Saturday!
As you can see I did nothing to lead people on nor was I particularly happy with their chant. Just a very big and patriotic crowd. They love the USA! 
In all the time I’ve been President almost two years never once did Senator Bill Nelson call me to ask for help for the Great State of Florida. I never see him until election time....
Speaking of our very stupid war with Iraq it is totally disintegrating and Iran (with Russia) will walk in and take it over (lots of oil)!
Tonight's episode of @ApprenticeNBC is not only the best episode ever it has a great lesson in life. Don't miss it!
Nebraska - make sure you get out to the polls and VOTE for Deb Fischer today! 
I hope Bill Clinton and NEWSMAX's Chris Ruddy are enjoying their mission to Africa. Two great people.
Wow two candidates called last night and said they want to go to my event tonight at Drake University.
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Great crowd in Johnstown Pennsylvania- thank you. Get out &amp; VOTE on 11/8! Watch the MOVEMENT in PA. this afternoon… 
“The Democrats can’t come to grips with the fact that there was No Collusion there was No Conspiracy there was No Obstruction. What we should be focused on is what’s been going on in our government at the highest levels of the FBI....” Senator Josh Hawley
I am pleased to inform you that The United States of America has reached a signed agreement with Mexico. The Tariffs scheduled to be implemented by the U.S. on Monday against Mexico are hereby indefinitely suspended. Mexico in turn has agreed to take strong measures to......
WOW SO NICE AND SO TRUE. THANK YOU! "@not_that_actor: @realDonaldTrump #TRUMP2016 TIME TO RETHINK THE CHOICES 
Happy Memorial Day! Those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today. Best economy in decades lowest unemployment numbers for Blacks and Hispanics EVER (&amp; women in 18years) rebuilding our Military and so much more. Nice!
I truly understood the appeal of Ron Paul but his son @RandPaul didn't get the right gene.
More poll results from last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. #AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain 
Via @BreitbartNews by Katie McHugh:"POLL: DONALD TRUMP LEADS THE PACK AS GOP FRONTRUNNER" 
Congratulations to President Xi and the Chinese people on the 70th Anniversary of the People’s Republic of China!
Stocks rose yesterday during the first day of government shutdown. Markets like being left alone for a day.
....can to embarrass the Trump Administration (and Republicans) attack the Trump Administration. This is campaigning by the Dems.” Attorney David Bruno. So true! In the meantime they are getting NO work done on Drug Pricing Infrastructure &amp; many other things.
Republicans must stop listening to dopes like @KarlRove who still insists Mitt Romney won the last election. Think big &amp; think strong!
Just leaving the Great State of Ohio for New York and a few big days at the United Nations. Your Country will be well represented!

I have never met a successful person that was a quitter. Successful people never ever give up!
“We all know that AOC and this crowd are a bunch of Communists they hate Israel they hate our own Country they’re calling the guards along our Border (the Border Patrol Agents) Concentration Camp Guards they accuse people who support Israel as doing it for the Benjamin’s....
With Caravans marching through Mexico and toward our Country Republicans must be prepared to do whatever is necessary for STRONG Border Security. Dems do nothing. If there is no Wall there is no Security. Human Trafficking Drugs and Criminals of all dimensions - KEEP OUT!
The Dow is down 573 points perhaps on the news that Representative Seth Moulton whoever that may be has dropped out of the 2020 Presidential Race!
Solyndra's government loan and subsequent bankruptcy  prove that @BarackObama is both corrupt and inept.
The Chinese are better off than they were 4 years ago. They have stolen even more from us in jobs &amp; trade during @BarackObama's term.
Unlike others our economy is strong! 
Another great poll result! Thank you! 
It was my great honor to celebrate the opening of two extraordinary museums-the Mississippi State History Museum &amp; the Mississippi Civil Rights Museum. We pay solemn tribute to our heroes of the past &amp; dedicate ourselves to building a future of freedom equality justice &amp; peace. 
Low energy candidate @JebBush has wasted $80 million on his failed presidential campaign. Millions spent on me. He should go home and relax!
The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well there was Afghanistan (somber) the big Rally.....
.@williebosshog watched you on @foxandfriends. You were great and I appreciate the nice statements. I’m sending out for your new book now!
Now @BarackObama is issuing regulatory demands to states ordering no firings in November   
New Gravis national poll just out --- 36%! Very nice! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
National Security Adviser suggested today that sanctions &amp; protests have Iran “choked off” will force them to negotiate. Actually I couldn’t care less if they negotiate. Will be totally up to them but no nuclear weapons and “don’t kill your protesters.”
.@megynkelly used this poll (nobody else did) when I was down—wonder if she’ll use it now that I’m up? 
Great new book “Justice On Trial The Kavanaugh Confirmation and the Future of the Supreme Court.” Fantastic job by Mollie Hemingway and Carrie Severino!
.@MittRomney should continue to stay on offense on the embassy issue. Obama who put these radicals in power deserves blame.
Thank you Wayne Root -- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Today's third stop- Londonderry New Hampshire! Thank you!#FITN #VoteTrumpNH 
I will be in Cincinnati Ohio tomorrow night at 7:30pm- join me! #OhioVotesEarly #VoteTrumpPence16 Tickets:… 
Amazing rally in Reno Nevada- thank you. Make sure you get out on 11/8 &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16. Together we will put… 
Always protect against the downside--the upside will take care of itself. Donald J. Trump
All of this "Russia" talk right when the Republicans are making their big push for historic Tax Cuts &amp; Reform. Is this coincidental? NOT!
'Clinton Campaign Tried to Limit Damage From Classified Info on Email Server' #DrainTheSwamp 
...and will be very embarrassed unless they get smart fast.
Just received a standing ovation at #NCGOPCon when I said "We need to bring the American Dream back better and stronger than ever before!"
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her "servant" was doing at the DNC - they just got caught that's all! They laughed at Bernie.
With one of the worst and most prolonged cold spells in history with Atlanta Texas and parts of Florida freezing- Global Warming anyone?
To be really successful it is always good to have A COOL HEAD WARM HEART AND BEAUTIFUL COMMON TOUCH!
God bless all the brave souls who perished 12 years ago today.  You will never be forgotten!
“President Trump’s decision to very early on restrict travel from China saved tens of thousands of lives.”  @LouDobbs @FoxBusiness
LOUISIANA — Tomorrow you will head to the polls and VOTE to REPLACE Liberal Democrat John Bel Edwards with a great new REPUBLICAN Governor! Get out and vote for either @DocAbraham or @EddieRispone (BOTH GREAT)! 
Thank you General Kelly book is total fiction! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
On schedule for 2016 completion @trumpvancouver's 57 story twisting tower will be the icon of Vancouver’s skyline 
“The Ambassador to the European Union has already testified he said there was no quid pro quo. He said the President had told him that.” @kilmeade  @foxandfriends
Just finished a meeting on Covid-19 in the Situation Room news conference coming up shortly.  
Trump locks down Delaware GOP delegates. #Trump2016 #MAGA 

Goofy Elizabeth Warren who may be the least productive Senator in the U.S. Senate must prove she is not a fraud. Without the con it's over
Will Smith did a great job by smacking the guy "reporter" who kissed him on the lips at a red carpet event. (cont) 
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious--look at the solution not the problem.
Just met with @SundarPichai President of @Google who is obviously doing quite well. He stated strongly that he is totally committed to the U.S. Military not the Chinese Military....
.#CelebrityApprentice Two hour live show on Monday night will determine who will become the winner of Celebrity Apprentice.Full cast returns
European Central Bank acting quickly Cuts Rates 10 Basis Points. They are trying and succeeding in depreciating the Euro against the VERY strong Dollar hurting U.S. exports.... And the Fed sits and sits and sits. They get paid to borrow money while we are paying interest!
Thank you Montana! # 
American homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs. WE will bring back the  'American Dream!' 
Why is Obama playing basketball today? That is why our country is in trouble!
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - in 10 minutes. HAVE A GREAT DAY ALL!
....to inflame and cause chaos. They create their own violence and then try to blame others. They are the true Racists and are very bad for our Country!
and here's another....
#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
Drudge Poll on who won the 3rd #GOPDebate. Thank you! 
My @gretawire int. on Obama scandals not resonating no retribution on Benghazi Obama not being engaged 
I have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world Rex Tillerson Chairman and CEO of ExxonMobil to be Secretary of State.
Donate Today To Help Make America Great Again! You Can Help Stop Crooked Hillary Clinton!  
Thank you New Hampshire! #FITN 
.@LilJon’s take on @piersmorgan seems to be a classic love-hate combo. Piers can be tough and everyone knows it. #CelebApprentice
I have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing @nytimes said. Russia U.K. China Saudi Arabia Japan
“Intellectuals solve problems geniuses prevent them.” – Albert Einstein
I had a great meeting with NATO. They have paid $33 Billion more and will pay hundreds of Billions of Dollars more in the future only because of me. NATO was weak but now it is strong again (bad for Russia). The media only says I was rude to leaders never mentions the money!
Wow so far everyone running for office who I did a ROBOCALL for has taken the lead in the polls -- the smart pols know this. GREAT!
“To keep momentum keep challenging yourself.” – Think Big
Negotiations on DACA have begun. Republicans want to make a deal and Democrats say they want to make a deal. Wouldn’t it be great if we could finally after so many years solve the DACA puzzle. This will be our last chance there will never be another opportunity! March 5th.
The problem is that Emmanuel suffers from a very low Approval Rating in France 26% and an unemployment rate of almost 10%. He was just trying to get onto another subject. By the way there is no country more Nationalist than France very proud people-and rightfully so!........
....we need to keep America safe including moving away from a random chain migration and lottery system to one that is merit-based. 
The Benghazi terrorist is getting speedier care than our Vets at the VA. Obama has his priorities.
...I agree with their stance 100% and the United States is likewise taking a very hard line on illegal immigration. The Prime Minister is working very hard on the economy of Italy - he will be successful!
Weekly Address🇺🇸 #KatesLaw#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsActStatement:  
Only in America can a Jihadi thug who murdered women and children be nursed back to health &amp; then get a @RollingStone cover.
“I’ve been doing this for 40 years and I’ve never seen anything like this (Economy).” @Varneyco @foxandfriends
War on the families. Price of electricity hit record high in October   Terrible especially during holiday season.
I have known Al for 25 years. Went to fights with him &amp; Don King always got along well. He “loved Trump!” He would ask me for favors often. Al is a con man a troublemaker always looking for a score. Just doing his thing. Must have intimidated Comcast/NBC. Hates Whites &amp; Cops! 
Our national debt has grown by 30% and a gallon of gas has doubled so far under @BarackObama. He is a disaster.
Put it back up. We are living with a Rigged &amp; Fake Media! 
Brett Kavanaugh and his wife Ashley will be interviewed tonight at 7pmE on @marthamaccallum @FoxNews. This is an outstanding family who must be treated fairly!
Marine Plane crash in Mississippi is heartbreaking. Melania and I send our deepest condolences to all!
The Mainstream Media has never been as corrupt and deranged as it is today. FAKE NEWS is actually the biggest story of all and is the true ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE! That’s why they refuse to cover the REAL Russia Hoax. But the American people are wise to what is going on.....
.@TrumpToronto was just voted the #1 hotel in Canada in Conde Nast Traveler’s prestigious Reader’s Choice Awards  
Dummy writer @Clare_OC from failing @Forbes magazine works so hard to make such trivial license deals look important…
Yes I won the right to have my name taken off Trump Plaza in A.C. because it was not operated up to a very high standard and NO involvement
Our great First Lady (@FLOTUS) will be doing a LIVE show TODAY at 1:00 PM PT with the terrific @EricBolling at the @WestgateVegas Resort. She’s on her #BeBest Tour helping address the #OpioidCrisis. Free admission for the first 1500 people!
Why do so many people say I hate President Obama—I don’t hate the President at all. I just disagree with his policies!
Departing Pittsburgh now where it was my great honor to stand with our incredible workers and to show the world that AMERICA is back - and we are coming back bigger and better and stronger than ever before! 

In the heart of midtown New York @TrumpTowerNY is a landmark which hosts tourists from the around the world daily 
Iowa Congressman @SteveKingIA has endorsed the Newsmax-@iontv debate. He has been doing great work in the House.
My @foxandfriends interview re: Muslim Brotherhood taking over Egypt our vast natural gas resources &amp; US tax system  
I will be interviewed at 7:00 A.M. on @foxandfriends - Enjoy.
....What does it mean for America to have free Healthcare for Illegal Immigrants no criminalization of coming into our Country - See how that works for controlling Immigration! They talk about Israel like they’re a bunch of thugs not victims of the entire region. They wanted...
You are doing a great job - the world is watching! Be safe. 
OPEC is ripping us off on oil. We are ripping ourselves off by investing in unproven green energy. #Solyndra
Completion of the Daytona 500 on Fox Network now. Enjoy!
Wow one of the all-time greats in fashion OSCAR DE LA RENTA has just died at 82. Great fashion achievements but also a really nice guy!
Remember the harder you work the luckier you get!
Wow CNN had to retract big story on "Russia" with 3 employees forced to resign. What about all the other phony stories they do? FAKE NEWS!
The Countryside Party just formed in Scotland to fight ugly wind turbines &amp; @AlexSalmond. Congrats to Jim Crawford &amp; Countryside Party.
Be tenacious. Being tenacious means you're tough and patient at once--a formidable combination.
Via @WTOC11: "Donald Trump headlines Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach"  Looking forward to visiting SC on Monday!
It was my great honor to host my friend @JPN_PMO @AbeShinzo and his delegation at Mar-a-Lago for the past two days. Lots accomplished thank you! #Success🇺🇸🇯🇵 
Via @Newsmax_Media: “Trump Iowa Visit Raises 2016 Speculation” 
Cutting taxes and simplifying regulations makes America the place to invest! Great news as Toyota and Mazda announce they are bringing 4000 JOBS and investing $1.6 BILLION in Alabama helping to further grow our economy! 
Real estate is always a great asset to own but especially now. Try to take advantage if you can and buy (cont) 
So true Wayne and Lowest black unemployment in history! 
Stock market hit yet another all-time record high yesterday. There is great confidence in the moves that my Administration....
....agricultural products from our Great Farmers in larger amounts than China ever did and ship it to poor &amp; starving countries in the form of humanitarian assistance. In the meantime we will continue to negotiate with China in the hopes that they do not again try to redo deal!
I will be on @foxandfriends  tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!
Happy Birthday America! 
I love watching dummy @mcuban promote on ok show named Shark Tank—but he is just a small part of that show.
Senator Jim Risch of the Great State of Idaho has been an incredible supporter of our Agenda! He is tough on Crime Strong on Borders and will continue to fight for our Second Amendment. Jim will never let you down. He has my Full and Complete Endorsement!
“Leverage: don’t make deals without it.” – The Art of The Deal
Hurricane Florence may now be dipping a bit south and hitting a portion of the Great State of Georgia. Be ready be prepared!
CHINA HAS ALREADY BEGUN AGRICULTURAL PURCHASES FROM OUR GREAT PATRIOT FARMERS &amp; RANCHERS!
THANK YOU Arkansas! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump on Tuesday. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! 
Happy Birthday Vince! 
Cannot believe how BADLY DACA recipients have been treated by the Democrats...totally abandoned! Republicans are still working hard.
.....”Journalism” has reached a new low in the history of our Country. It is nothing more than an evil propaganda machine for the Democrat Party. The reporting is so false biased and evil that it has now become a very sick joke...But the public is aware! #CROOKEDJOURNALISM
.@bobvanderplaats begged me to do an event while asking organizers for $100000 for himself—a bad guy!
“John Brennan is a stain on the Country we deserve better than this.” Former Secret Service Agent and author of new book “Spygate the Attempted Sabotage of Donald J. Trump” Dan Bongino. Thank you Dan and good luck with the book!
Just announced that as many as 5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe. Also many in U.S.  I TOLD YOU SO! I alone can fix this problem!
مشاور امنیت ملی امروز عنوان کرد كه تحریم ها و اعتراضات، ایران را«به شدت تحت فشار»قرار داده است و آنها را مجبور به مذاكره می كند.در واقع، اصلا برایم اهمیتی نداردکه آیا آنها مذاکره می کنند یا نه.این کاملاً به عهده ی خودشان است، اما سلاح هسته ای نداشته باشیدو«معترضان خود را نکشید.» 
Right now 4000 U.S. troops are stupidly heading to West Africa to help fight Ebola.No help from China Russia or wealthy African oil nations
The Failing @nytimes quotes “a senior White House official” who doesn’t exist as saying “even if the meeting were reinstated holding it on June 12 would be impossible given the lack of time and the amount of planning needed.” WRONG AGAIN! Use real people not phony sources.
Too many people rely on auto correct...an assistant of mine apologizes!
Via @foxnewslatino by @GeraldoRivera: “@ApprenticeNBC Diary: And Now There Are Two” 
Via @washingtonpost by @jdelreal: "About that Donald Trump speech at CPAC …" 
“Our country is the greatest force for freedom the world has ever known. We have big hearts big brains and (cont) 
This is because the Euro and other currencies are devalued against the dollar putting the U.S. at a big disadvantage. The Fed Interest rate way to high added to ridiculous quantitative tightening! They don’t have a clue! 
.....again said “NO” thinking as usual that the U.S. is always the “sucker” on NATO on Trade on everything. The Kurds fought with us but were paid massive amounts of money and equipment to do so. They have been fighting Turkey for decades. I held off this fight for....
Why are we fighting for the "rebels" that hate us-only to save face for Obama!
Cyberattack on White House--- what's next? 
.@stephenfhayes: I heard you were a joke on the media panel this weekend in New Hampshire. You just don't  have what it takes! @JoeNBC
Congratulations @TrumpSoHo for making @CNTraveler's #GoldList2015! 
I’d like to thank all of the Great Republican Senators who bravely voted for Strong Border Security and the WALL. This will help stop Crime Human Trafficking and Drugs entering our Country. Watch when you get back to your State they will LOVE you more than ever before!
My wonderful daughter Ivanka will be interviewed tonight by Steve Hilton on “The Next Revolution.” @FoxNews 9:00 P.M. She works so hard and has achieved so much for the U.S.A.(and gets so little credit!). Then watch Mark Levin at 10:00 P.M. a great show!
WIshing everyone a happy healthy and prosperous New Year!
Dopey @Rosie--I never went bankrupt--ABC already apologized to me for your stupid statement in the past--they didn't want a lawsuit.
Illegal immigrant children non-Mexicans surge across border at record rate 
.@IvankaTrump @EricTrump &amp; @DonaldJTrumpJr take no prisoners in  boardroom of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice. Where do they get it from?
My Administration is with you all of the way Tennessee. We love you! 
The Chinese are illegally dumping bird-killing wind turbines on our shores. Only one of many grievances--we should act.
Are you allowed to impeach a president for gross incompetence?
We will no longer be silent. We can take our country back! Let’s Make America Great Again! 
My @gretawire interview  
Wacky Omarosa already has a fully signed Non-Disclosure Agreement!
If Republican Senators are unable to pass what they are working on now they should immediately REPEAL and then REPLACE at a later date!
MERRY CHRISTMAS!
Young entrepreneurs – never back down. Take the hits and get up.  That’s what makes a winner.
Via @USATODAY: “Trump endorses Wintour for ambassadorship” 
Received a beautiful letter from Joe Paterno's son Jay. He really loved and respected his father.
I believe in spending what you have to.  But I also believe in not spending more than you should.-The Art of The Deal
Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Indiana and meet the hard working and wonderful people of Carrier A.C.
Never get good #'s from failing Des Moines Register/Bloomberg. I think something's going on w/them. Up 13 in IA according to respected CNN.
Boardroom time- which team do you think had the best presentation? #CelebApprentice
“You have to be positive every single day. Positive stamina is a necessary ingredient for success.” – Think Like a Champion
I was with you all the way Alabama. The Fake News Media was not! 
President @RT_Erdogan of Turkey has very strongly informed me that he will eradicate whatever is left of ISIS in Syria....and he is a man who can do it plus Turkey is right “next door.” Our troops are coming home!
.@RobinRoberts everyone adores you- including me- get well fast!
Spoke to President of Mexico to give condolences on terrible earthquake. Unable to reach for 3 days b/c of his cell phone reception at site.
GREAT EVENING last night in Pensacola Florida. Arena was packed to the rafters the crowd was loud loving and really smart. They definitely get what’s going on. Thank you Pensacola!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING! 
After my meeting with the pastors it's off to Georgia for a big rally - many thousands of great people will be there a beautiful movement!
If we are going to continue to be stupid and go into Syria (watch Russia) as they say in the movies SHOOT FIRST AND TALK LATER!
I’m hearing that the Great People of Utah are considering their vote for their Pompous Senator Mitt Romney to be a big mistake. I agree! He is a fool who is playing right into the hands of the Do Nothing Democrats! #IMPEACHMITTROMNEY
Important meetings and calls on China Trade Deal and more today with my staff. Big progress being made on soooo many different fronts! Our Country has such fantastic potential for future growth and greatness on an even higher level!
In the just released SC poll I increased my lead by 4 points since last poll by same firm. Up by 14! Cruz dropped 3. 
The Fake News said I played golf today and I did NOT! I had meeting in various locations while closely monitoring the U.S. Embassy situation in Iraq which I am still doing. The Corrupt Lamestream Media knew this but not surprisingly failed to report or correct!
NO COLLUSION NO OBSTRUCTION TOTAL EXONERATION. DEMOCRAT WITCH HUNT!
My thoughts condolences and prayers to the victims and families of the New York City terrorist attack. God and your country are with you!

Congressman Ron DeSantis is a special person who has done an incredible job. He is running in Tuesdays Primary for Governor of Florida….Strong on Crime Borders and wants Low Taxes. He will be a great Governor and has my full and total Endorsement!
Last night's @extratv 's interview by @MarioLopezExtra of gorgeous 2012 @MissUniverse @oliviaculpo   Great job!
The US Air Force won the war in Libya to clear the way for Islamic Extremist control of Libya.
Tremendous win for Congressman Dan Donovan. You showed great courage in a tough race! New York and my many friends on Staten Island have elected someone they have always been very proud of. Congratulations!
“Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES.” Thank you to @foxandfriends and @FoxNews for actually showing the clips. The Fake News wants no part of that narrative! Too bad they don’t want to focus on all of the ECONOMIC and JOBS records being set.
Why is Senator Mark Warner (D-VA) perhaps in a near drunken state claiming he has information that only he and Bob Mueller the leader of the 13 Angry Democrats on a Witch Hunt knows? Isn’t this highly illegal. Is it being investigated?
Home values have sunk a record 15% under Obama.
Crooked Hillary is being badly criticized (for a Wall Street paid for ad) by PolitiFact for a false ad on me on women. She is a total fraud!
....asking Hillary Clinton why she deleted and acid washed her Emails AFTER getting a subpoena from Congress? Anybody else would be in jail for that yet the Dems refuse to even bring it up. Rigged House Committee
THANK YOU for another wonderful evening in Washington D.C. TOGETHER we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN🇺🇸 
Presidential Harassment!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#INPrimary #VoteTrump 
Many people will be surprised at what is about to be released concerning @BarackObama's background. I for one won't be.
AMERICA FIRST! 
I wouldn’t use @Richard_Meier to design a doghouse let alone a house or building!
.@BradSteinle Thank you for yr wonderful tweet of July 4. I wanted a little time to go by before calling. Your sister &amp; family are amazing.
I am proud to announce our newest project Trump Tower Mumbai. Together with the Lodha Group it will be incredible! 
I’m at @WrestleMania tonight but will be doing a few tweets. I know the episode well.... #CelebApprentice
Texas LC George P. Bush backed me when it wasn’t the politically correct thing to do and I back him now. Also AC Sid Miller has been with me from the beginning he is “Trump’s Man in Texas.” Also support Comptroller Glenn Hegar and Railroad Commissioner Christi Craddick.
On this wonderful Veterans Day I want to express the incredible gratitude of the entire American Nation to our GREAT VETERANS. Thank you! 
Thank you Iowa! #ImWithYou 
How long will it take for chants-- "bring back the replacement refs" -- when a bad call is made?
If you want to know how to prevail through tough circumstances then read "The Art of the Comeback."
Vattenfall CEO stated that the company needed to prepare itself for falling electricity demands in coming years-- a  changing market.
“Here’s the truth the gov't doesn’t shutdown”  via @AP. All essential services continue.  Don't believe lies.
Join me tonight in Fayetteville North Carolina at 7pm! #ThankYouTour2016 Tickets:  
We should immediately stop sending our beautiful American tax dollars to countries that hate us and laugh at our President’s stupidity!
We cannot allow all of these people to invade our Country. When somebody comes in we must immediately with no Judges or Court Cases bring them back from where they came. Our system is a mockery to good immigration policy and Law and Order. Most children come without parents...
Wrong Policy: @BarackObama wants to cut defense spending by $487B while China is building their navy in the Pacific. 
Look forward to introducing Governor Mike Pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great State of Indiana). My first choice from start!
How will Mitt Romney defend his  record on jobs and Romneycare in tonight's debate?
#DDay75thAnniversary 
People forget it was Club for Growth that asked me for $1 million. I said no &amp; they went negative. Extortion! 
Congrats to @greggutfeld on his new @FoxNews show! Greg makes great TV and is a terrific guy.
Great couple great book! 
My heart &amp; prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible #Brussels tragedy. This madness must be stopped and I will stop it.
Congratulations to two great and hardworking guys Corey Lewandowski and David Bossie on the success of their just out book “Let Trump Be Trump.” Finally people with real knowledge are writing about our wonderful and exciting campaign!
Thank you #Biloxi #Mississippi! Remember this night &amp; spread the word to get out &amp; #VoteTrump2016! 
Idiot @billmaher always forgets to mention that I am suing him to collect the $5M for charity that he expressly offered.
THe 2012 election is the most important in my lifetime. We must nominate a candidate who will win and will roll back @BarackObama's damage.
WOW! Thank you Massachusetts! See you soon. #
Advice from my mother Mary MacLeod Trump: "Trust in God and be true to yourself."
It is so pathetic that the Dems have still not approved my full Cabinet.
“This isn’t about Ukraine. This isn’t about Impeachment. This is about subverting Democracy!” @BillOReilly So true and led by angry and dishonest people who hate themselves and must hate our Country!
I am on @greta now!
We need someone with experience to rebuild America. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
What the Market wanted to hear from Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve was that this was the beginning of a lengthy and aggressive rate-cutting cycle which would keep pace with China The European Union and other countries around the world....
Always remember I was the one who got Obama to release his birth certificate or whatever that was! Hilary couldn't McCain couldn't.
Fake News @CNN &amp; MSDNC keep talking about “Lt. Col.” Vindman as though I should think only how wonderful he was. Actually I don’t know him never spoke to him or met him (I don’t believe!) but he was very insubordinate reported contents of my “perfect” calls incorrectly &amp;...
“Image is important and speaks more than the words or fine print that goes along with the product.” – Midas Touch
.@TrumpLasVegas' 7th floor provides the most urbane feel in Las Vegas w/private air-conditioned cabanas &amp; a massive 110 ft. heated pool.
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bosses-I am millions of VOTES ahead! Hillary would destroy him &amp; K
James Clapper who famously got caught lying to Congress is now an authority on Donald Trump. Will he show you his beautiful letter to me?
Obamacare is a disaster! Time to repeal &amp; replace! #ObamacareFail 
“President Trump shows us that electability is no match for electricity” by @KellyannePolls 
.@johnboehner—if you can’t make a great deal go over the cliff &amp; negotiate new deal along with debt ceiling in February!—Trump 101.
Success seems to be connected w/ action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes but they don't quit. - Conrad Hilton
Our GDP has been growing less than 2% for the last 5 years.  ObamaCare will slow us down even more.  Has to be repealed.
Congressman David Kustoff has been a champion for the Trump Agenda - I greatly appreciate his support. David is strong on crime and borders loves our Military Vets and Second Amendment. Get out and vote for David on Thursday August 2nd. He has my full and total Endorsement!
Leaving for Mobile Alabama right now - can't be late!
Saudi Arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the Clinton Foundation- cont'd: 
The Department of Education is NOT closing hundreds of schools in rural areas of our Country. This is just more Fake News. We are investing greatly in our schools and always will!
'President Donald J. Trump Approves Emergency Declarations'➡️ 
Thinking big is the driving force that has forged all the great achievements in modern life. - Think Big
The Prosecutors who lost the case against SEAL Eddie Gallagher (who I released from solitary confinement so he could fight his case properly) were ridiculously given a Navy Achievement Medal....
I demand an apology from Hillary Clinton for the disgusting story she made up about me for purposes of the debate. There never was a video.
Thank you Florida - we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us:  #AmericaFirst 
On behalf of the United States congratulations to the Thai Navy SEALs and all on the successful rescue of the 12 boys and their coach from the treacherous cave in Thailand. Such a beautiful moment - all freed great job!
Bought @JohnDeere stock a year ago for old fashioned reason—I love their product and service.
.@MittRomney's entire life and career have  built  prosperity and growth.
Just departed for the #G20 Summit in Osaka Japan!🇺🇸🇯🇵 
Sean Davis The Federalist: “Mueller proved his entire operation was a political hit job. Still ZERO evidence of Trump-Russia Collusion and no new evidence from Mueller.”  @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews
No one will work harder. No one will move heaven and earth like Mitt Romney to make this country a better place to live! -- @AnnDRomney
THANK YOU to everyone who joined me at the @WhiteHouse yesterday. Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
Watch my video blog to see if your questions from my Facebook page were answered- 
Coming up in March: The "Comedy Central Roast of Donald Trump." March 15 mark your calendars.  
....Instead it turned North and went up the coast where it continues now. In the one model through Florida the Great State of Alabama would have been hit or grazed. In the path it took no. Read my FULL FEMA statement. What I said was accurate! All Fake News in order to demean!
As always &amp; due to popular demand@TrumpRink will be open  Christmas eve &amp; day as well as New Year's eve &amp; day 
Signing The Facebook Wall- 
If FM @AlexSalmond needs to litter Scotland w/ ugly industrial wind turbines to gain independence he will lose! 
Obama's administration is now openly admitting it expects US credit downgraded again  Thanks for letting us know now
The reason the DACA for Wall deal didn’t get done was that a ridiculous court decision from the 9th Circuit allowed DACA to remain thereby setting up a Supteme Court case. After ruling Dems dropped deal - and that’s where we are today Democrat obstruction of the needed Wall.
See you soon Dallas Texas! 
If everything seems under control you're just not going fast enough. -- Mario Andretti
Work is expected to begin today on my golf course in Scotland. It will be spectacular! 
Just as I said Alabama was originally projected to be hit. The Fake News denies it! 
I will be on @marklevinshow at 8PM tonight. Tune in!
Great going Harris! 
Karl Rove’s strategy and commercials were the worst I have ever seen.
Just reported that the United States has done far more “testing” than any other nation by far! In fact over an eight day span the United States now does more testing than what South Korea (which has been a very successful tester) does over an eight week span. Great job!
“The circus is coming to town. The corrupt compromised coward &amp; congenital liar Adam Schiff Show on Capital Hill brought to you by his raging psychotic Democrats &amp; the top allies in the Media Mob. Everything you’re going to see in the next two weeks is rigged.....
Oil would be $25 a barrel if our government would let us drill. Our country would be rich again--who needs OPEC.
Be in Turnberry on Thurs AM for start of Women's British Open one of  world's great golf tournaments. Back soon to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
.@brithume I am in first place by a lot in all polls tied for first place with Ben Carson in one Iowa poll. I thought you knew this-thanks
No wonder the @nytimes is failing—who can believe what they write after the false malicious &amp; libelous story they did on me.
Delegation heading to China to begin talks on the Massive Trade Deficit that has been created with our Country. Very much like North Korea this should have been fixed years ago not now. Same with other countries and NAFTA...but it will all get done. Great Potential for USA!
Ron @RonDeSantisFL DeSantis is working hard. A great Congressman and top student at Harvard &amp; Yale Ron will be a record setting governor for Florida. Rick Scott gave him tremendous foundations to further build on. His opponent runs one of the worst &amp; most corrupt cities in USA!
Iranian officials say that the WH is misleading public about the details of an interim nuclear agreement 
My condolences to those involved in today's horrible accident in NJ and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders.
The Senate must NOT pass TPA! Any Senator who votes for it is disqualified for being POTUS. Protect the American worker and manufacturer!
Attended last night's @Yankees game--Derek Jeter is both a great player and a great guy.
The Democrats have zero intention of coming to any deal on the "fiscal cliff."  They will raise taxes and blame it on the Republicans.
My @nbcdfw int. by @EricKingNBC5 w/@IvankaTrump discussing the Sunday @nbc premiere of @ApprenticeNBC’s 14th season 
Today’s Democrat Party would rather protect criminal aliens than AMERICAN CITIZENS - which is why the Democrats must be voted OUT of OFFICE! #JobsNotMobs  

Wow China's growth accelerated 7.8% in third quarter.  If the U.S. had half that number we would be the talk of the World - need leadership
Dems Veronica Escobar and Jackson Lee purposely misquoted my call. I said I want you to do us (our Country!) a favor not me a favor. They know that but decided to LIE in order to make a fraudulent point! Very sad.
.And to think that just last week he was lecturing anyone who would listen about sexual harassment and respect for women. Lesley Stahl tape?
In less than a week I'll be honored by  Sarasota GOP as Statesman of the Year &amp; then give my big surprise to @RNC convention. Will be fun!
Worthless @NYDailyNews which dopey Mort Zuckerman is desperately trying to sell has no buyer! Liabilities are massive!
Pay-to-play. Collusion. Cover-ups. And now bribery? So CROOKED. I will #DrainTheSwamp. 
He @MittRomney had another impressive win last night in Illinois. His delegate lead is insurmountable. It is (cont) 
#TrumpAdvice 
Entrepreneurs: Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing. Then go with your gut. Your instincts r there for a reason
Will be in Missouri today with Melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman Phyllis S!
Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Their case was so “overwhelming” in the House that they need &amp; demand Witnesses in the Senate! 
Today in Florida I pledged to stand with the people of Cuba and Venezuela in their fight against oppression- cont: 
.@AnnCoulter's new book-- "Adios America! The Left's Plan to Turn Our Country into a Third World Hellhole"-- is a great read. Good job!
I will be doing @foxandfriends at 7.00 (15 minutes).
Think what it would be without the 3 year Witch Hunt and Fake News Media in partnership with the Democrats! 
Obama was President up to and beyond the 2016 Election. So why didn’t he do something about Russian meddling?
Great evening with President @EmmanuelMacron &amp; Mrs. Macron. Went to Eiffel Tower for dinner. Relationship with France stronger than ever. 
Clive Davis gave a great eulogy at my friend Whitney Houston's funeral--absolutely amazing!
By the way where is @Oprah? Good question. 4 years ago she strongly supported Obama--now she is silent. Anyway who cares I adore Oprah.
Mitch and I have made great progress. Coming back fast! 
The Mueller Report despite being written by Angry Democrats and Trump Haters and with unlimited money behind it ($35000000) didn’t lay a glove on me. I DID NOTHING WRONG. If the partisan Dems ever tried to Impeach I would first head to the U.S. Supreme Court. Not only......
We are having very productive talks with North Korea about reinstating the Summit which if it does happen will likely remain in Singapore on the same date June 12th. and if necessary will be extended beyond that date.
Scott Walker is very special and will have another great win in November. He has done a fantastic job as Governor of Wisconsin and will always have my full support and Endorsement!
Standing room only in Mason City Iowa! Thanks to the record crowd of over 400 supporters! 
Via @GolfweekMag by @BKleinGolfweek: “Donald Trump reopens Doral's Blue Monster” 
Entrepreneurs: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
You haven’t seen fireworks until you see @OMAROSA &amp; @piersmorgan go at it again! Let’s just say it’s no happy reunion…
The media is going crazy. They totally distort so many things on purpose. Crimea nuclear "the baby" and so much more. Very dishonest!
Tweet me your questions to answer. #trumpvlog
By the end of this year China will be the number one economic power on earth and the U.S. will owe 20 trillion dollars much of it to China!
Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also much easier &amp; quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better faster and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted or go to new source!
A massive 200 Billion Dollar Sea Wall built around New York to protect it from rare storms is a costly foolish &amp; environmentally unfriendly idea that when needed probably won’t work anyway. It will also look terrible. Sorry you’ll just have to get your mops &amp; buckets ready!
He who knows when he can fight and when he cannot will be victorious. -- Sun Tzu
Democrats are kidding themselves (they don’t really believe it!) if they say you can stop Crime Drugs Human Trafficking and Caravans without a Wall or Steel Barrier. Stop playing games and give America the Security it deserves. A Humanitarian Crisis!
A 7242 yd. masterpiece @TrumpGolfLA’s $250 million course features 18 challenging holes with incredible views 
So I raised/gave $5600000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad! They do anything to belittle - totally biased.
Join me this weekend! #NYPrimary4/16: SYRACUSE -  WATERTOWN -  #Trump2016
Stop the EBOLA patients from entering the U.S. Treat them  at the highest level over there. THE UNITED STATES HAS ENOUGH PROBLEMS!

So I speak badly of China but I speak the truth and what do the consumers in China want? They want Trump. (cont) 
Matt Rosendale will be a Great Senator from a Great State Montana! He is a fighter who will be tough on Crime and the Border fight hard for our 2nd Amendment and loves our Military and our Vets. He has my full and complete Endorsement!
Hillary said with respect to ISIS "we are finally where we need to be." Do we want 4  more years of incompetent leadership?  MAGA!
Why does Conde Nast allow dopey Graydon Carter to run bad food restaurants while running failing @VanityFair magazine?
An honor having the National Sheriffs' Assoc. join me at the @WhiteHouse. Incredible men &amp; women who protect &amp; serv… 
I will be on @seanhannity tonight- from Las Vegas Nevada at 10pmE. Enjoy! #Hannity #Trump2016 
“Developing your talent requires work and work creates luck.” – Trump Never Give Up
National Review is a failing publication that has lost it's way. It's circulation is way down w its influence being at an all time low. Sad!
Obama's ideas don't move us 'Forward' they take us 'Backwards.' These are ideas people come to America to get away from. --@marcorubio
And finally Cruz strongly told thousands of caucusgoers (voters) that Trump was strongly in favor of ObamaCare and "choice" - a total lie!
Ultimately Trump Tower became much more than just another good deal. I work in it I live in it and I have a (cont)  15:37:31,16,6,false,199523362236669953Twitter Web Client,Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on @squawkboxCNBC 7:30 AM don't miss it!,05-07-2012 15:30:01,6,3,false,199521475785523201Twitter Web Client,Looks like my work here is done bringing a close to the first ever #NBC #SweepsTweet. Keep watching @ApprenticeNBC every Sunday 9/8c.,05-07-2012 02:59:25,22,13,false,199332582129799169Twitter Web Client,Firing @lisalampanelli may have come as a surprise. She’s a strong player. But there are no losers at this late point. #sweepstweet,05-07-2012 02:58:18,45,19,false,199332301463748609Twitter Web Client,#CelebrityApprentice Listening to the advice from @johnrich and @marleematlin adds another insight into the Final 4. #sweepstweet,05-07-2012 02:45:14,30,7,false,199329010474426368TwitLonger Beta,#sweepstweet @3nVMusic I very much rely on my own ‘take’ of the situation and people involved. My instincts (cont)  02:42:22,15,5,false,199328290970939392Twitter Web Client,#SweepsTweet @clayaiken might get some use out of the Chi Touch digital hairdryer. Not the same for @arsenioofficial.,05-07-2012 02:38:02,19,6,false,199327199097126914Twitter Web Client,Remember the huge amount of money raised by @JohnRich and company… #sweepstweet,05-07-2012 02:35:54,20,4,false,199326663471931392TwitLonger Beta,I have a feeling the emphasis by @johnrich and @marleematlin will be on the charities and the money raised. (cont)  02:35:31,10,1,false,199326567204270081Twitter Web Client,#CelebrityApprentice It’s good to have Jack back too with @marleematlin. He’s become a star. #sweepstweet,05-07-2012 02:33:29,11,6,false,199326055306231810Twitter Web Client,#sweepstweet @johnrich and @marleematlin were on #CelebrityApprentice—and they’re back!,05-07-2012 02:26:40,15,3,false,199324337839423489Twitter Web Client,#sweepstweet Teresa seems to underestimate the power of observance—that of the client as well as her team- but she’s a wonderful person,05-07-2012 02:23:36,29,2,false,199323568134291456Twitter Web Client,#CelebrityApprentice Boardrooms—can anything be more intense? #sweepstweet,05-07-2012 02:19:16,38,6,false,199322476180815873Twitter Web Client,#sweepstweet @teresa_giudice definitely fell under @lisalampanelli's negotiation skills—an important business tool.,05-07-2012 02:11:59,26,5,false,199320646528942080Twitter Web Client,#sweepstweet @lisalampanelli wins $100000 for her charity and that’s a nice gift.,05-07-2012 02:05:57,35,9,false,199319127872118784Twitter Web Client,#sweepstweet @DonaldJTrumpJr and @EricTrump have the eyes and ears for total surveillance- I wonder where they got that from?,05-07-2012 02:04:04,18,6,false,199318653303398404Twitter Web Client,#CelebrityApprentice @arsenioofficial “trying to be invisible”?  No way that’s going to happen. #sweepstweet,05-07-2012 02:00:44,16,2,false,199317812416745474Twitter Web Client,Product placement is a definite prerequisite. #sweepstweet,05-07-2012 01:53:06,25,5,false,199315892885139456Twitter Web Client,How will the client react? They’ve got both Elle Magazine and Chi to please. #sweepstweet,05-07-2012 01:51:50,13,3,false,199315571484004352Twitter Web Client,Aubrey has a lot of self confidence—but will it be warranted? #sweepstweet,05-07-2012 01:50:33,20,1,false,199315251701878784Twitter Web Client,I’m not sure about @teresa_giudice as Project Manager. @lisalampanelli can be formidable. But let’s see what happens #sweepstweet,05-07-2012 01:49:07,18,2,false,199314889532112896Twitter Web Client,Good move by Aubrey to be the red-headed model they didn’t have. #sweepstweet,05-07-2012 01:42:43,33,4,false,199313280295116801Twitter Web Client,It’s clear to me that @teresa_giudice needs some lessons in negotiation #sweepstweet,05-07-2012 01:25:33,46,12,false,199308960845668353Twitter Web Client,Could be a fight over red-heads with @lisalampanelli—this could be good. #sweepstweet,05-07-2012 01:18:26,28,13,false,199307168862838784Twitter Web Client,I will be live tweeting during tonight's #CelebrityApprentice 9 PM ET @NBC,05-07-2012 00:39:47,72,20,false,199297443588882432Twitter Web Client,This Sunday's @CelebApprentice will shock you! Big Development...Be sure to tune in on @NBC this Sunday at 9PM EST!,05-04-2012 20:39:23,56,9,false,198512165831983105Twitter Web Client,In the 1920's people were worried about global cooling--it never happened. Now it's global warming. Give me a break!,05-04-2012 20:13:47,414,71,false,198505724689649664TwitLonger Beta,According to @BarackObama the War on Terror is over   global warming is a national (cont)  20:12:10,39,5,false,198505316290281474Twitter Web Client,With today's struggling job numbers it is clear that there is one choice this November. @MittRomney can turn the economy around.,05-04-2012 20:04:16,130,20,false,198503329557516288Twitter Web Client,Welcome to the @BarackObama recovery--the labor force participation rate is at a NEW 30 year low of 64.3%   19:58:21,144,8,false,198501839157739521Twitter Web Client,The new unemployment numbers are terrible. 522000 more people are out of the labor force to 88419000.   19:55:43,116,9,false,198501177741152258Twitter Web Client,Mariano Rivera Yankee pitcher is the greatest ever. Get well fast.,05-04-2012 19:43:52,363,48,false,198498197616869377Twitter Web Client,Derek Jeter is playing phenomenal baseball. He is a total winner--and also a great guy. @DerekJeter,05-04-2012 19:41:52,97,15,false,198497691926409216Twitter Web Client,I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM...,05-04-2012 16:24:41,18,7,false,198448069900111873Twitter Web Client,Photo from yesterday's USGA announcement that Trump National Golf Club Bedminster will host the 2017 U.S. Women's Open-  16:21:46,10,4,false,198447335343259650Twitter Web Client,Fracking will lead to American energy independence. With price of natural gas continuing to drop we can be at a tremendous advantage.,05-03-2012 19:28:07,150,44,false,198131842593984515Twitter Web Client,Congratulations to the @thenyrangers on taking a 2-1 lead over the @washcaps. Great game last night!,05-03-2012 19:06:07,51,5,false,198126307501027328Twitter Web Client,We will never cut spending until we actually work off of a budget. The Democrats haven't passed one in over 3 years. What a joke.,05-03-2012 18:41:34,233,18,false,198120128079085569Twitter Web Client,Now @BarackObama is praising China's cooperation" in negotiations over Chen Guangcheng  This is a sad episode for us.
As we unite on this day of prayer we renew our resolve to protect communities of faith – and ensure that ALL of our people can live pray and worship IN PEACE. #NationalDayOfPrayer 
So many "politically correct" fools in our country. We have to all get back to work and stop wasting time and energy on nonsense!
“Read the Bible. Work hard and honestly. And don't complain.” – Rev. @BillyGraham
The people of Ireland have been so great about my purchase of Doonbeg -- I'll be there soon. @LodgeatDoonbeg
Jay Webber of New Jersey running for Congress is doing a great job against a person who is looking to raise Taxes substantially. Jay wants big Tax Cuts and Changes. A Harvard graduate and father of seven Jay will be great for New Jersey and get the job done-and I will help!
Happy Birthday President Reagan #FlashbackFriday 
Heading to Europe to represent our Country and fight hard for the American People while the Do Nothing Democrats purposely scheduled an Impeachment Hoax hearing on the same date as NATO. Not nice! 
It's really cold outside they are calling it a major freeze weeks ahead of normal. Man we could use a big fat dose of global warming!
Just had lunch with French President @EmmanuelMacron. Many good things are happening for both of our countries. Big weekend with other world leaders!
Looking forward to being with great leaders in France! Leaving soon. 
Congratulations to the 7 @TrumpCollection properties who made @USNewsTravel's Best Hotels List: 
Never ever quit never give up - Donald J. Trump The Art of the Deal.
...allegations of unmasking Trump transition officials. Not good!
Thank you Pennsylvania! #Trump2016 
Rated @GolfMagazine as 1 of the top courses in the country Trump Int’l Palm Beach has been expanded to 27 holes 
China's corporate espionage is a continued threat to the American economy. With the right leadership it can be stopped.
LAWFARE: "Remarkably in the entire opinion the panel did not bother even to cite this (the) statute." A disgraceful decision!
Via @Reuters: "Donald Trump takes steps toward 2016 presidential run" 
Hillary and the Dems were never going to beat the PASSION of my voters. They saw what was happening in the last two weeks before the......
Will Barack Obama personally read the Boston terrorist his Miranda Rights?
It’s hard to believe that we are rationing gas in NYC. OPEC is laughing all the way to the bank.
Gerry Baker of @WSJatLarge  “Do you think what you’ve seen rises to the level of impeachment?” Ken Starr Clinton Special Prosecutor. “I don’t!”
Miss Israel and Miss Lebanon- "no more fighting!" #TrumpVlog #MissUniverse 
The F-35 program and cost is out of control. Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases after January 20th.
The forgotten voters of the 2016 Election are now doing great. The Steel Industry is rebuilding and expanding at a pace that it hasn’t seen in decades. Our Country has one of the best Economies in many years perhaps ever. Unemployment numbers best in 51 years. Wow!
Great going @themichellewie –you showed the world that all of that amazing talent is for real. We love you at Trump Jupiter @TNGCJ
.@SenJohnMcCain should be defeated in the primaries. Graduated last in his class at Annapolis--dummy!
Will the Democrats apologize after seeing what was said on the call with the Ukrainian President? They should a perfect call - got them by surprise!
Not only are the Do Nothing Democrats interfering in the 2020 Election but they are continuing to interfere in the 2016 Election. They must be stopped!
....feel EMPOWERED. There’s a movement happening on these campuses like I’ve never seen before. When you have 3000 students wanting to get into an event that couldn’t get in that’s pretty remarkable!”  @charliekirk11 Turning Point USA   KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Wow but not surprisingly ObamaCare was just ruled UNCONSTITUTIONAL by a highly respected judge in Texas. Great news for America!
Patience is the greatest of all virtues. -- Cato
The Democrats will probably submit a Bill being cute as always which gives everything away but gives NOTHING to Border Security namely the Wall. You see without the Wall there can be no Border Security - the Tech “stuff” is just by comparison meaningless bells &amp; whistles...
Mini Mike Bloomberg can never recover from his incompetent debate performances. Also as mayor he was very bad under pressure - a choker!
...figure the situation out and what they want to do with the captured ISIS fighters in their “neighborhood.” They all hate ISIS have been enemies for years. We are 7000 miles away and will crush ISIS again if they come anywhere near us!
Via @MiamiHerald: “@IvankaTrump talks family and business” 
A great afternoon in Tampa Florida. Thank you! #TrumpPence16 
Together we are breaking the most sacred rule in Washington Politics: we are KEEPING our promises to the American People. Because my only special interest is YOU! #Trump2020 
.@LouDobbs just stated that "President Trump's successes are unmatched in recent presidential history"  Thank you Lou!
“We have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork.” - Milton Friedman
Business is looking better than ever with business enthusiasm at record levels. Stock Market at an all-time high. That doesn't just happen!
.@Omarosa on the cover of Soap Opera Digest? That’s a credential… #CelebApprentice
I will be going to Austin Texas. Leaving soon. Always like (love!) being in the Lone Star State. Speaking to our great Farmers. They hit “paydirt” with our incredible new Trade Deals: CHINA JAPAN MEXICO CANADA SOUTH KOREA and many others!
Before I arrived in France the Fake and Disgusting News was saying that relations with the 6 others countries in the G-7 are very tense and that the two days of meetings will be a disaster. Just like they are trying to force a Recession they are trying to “will” America into..
The middle-class has become the new poor in this country and our incompetent politicians are unable to do anything about it.They don't care!
I employ many people in Hawaii at my great hotel in Honolulu. I’ll be there very soon. Vote for me Hawaii!
#noratings @Lawrence will soon be off tv- bad ratings- he has a face made for radio.

Donald E. Ballard on behalf of the people of the United States THANK YOU for your courageous service. YOU INSPIRE US ALL! #ALConv2017 
I watched Russell Brand @rustyrockets on the @jimmyfallon show the other night—what the hell do people see in Russell—a major loser!
On Greta 87% of the people said they would not watch the debate if I'm not in it. Wow- what an honor!
In his entire political career @BarackObama has never had a tough @GOP opponent before @MittRomney. He is a paper tiger. #GOMITT
“This should have been over with after the Mueller Report came out.” @guypbenson @FoxNews
Fines and penalties against Wells Fargo Bank for their bad acts against their customers and others will not be dropped as has incorrectly been reported but will be pursued and if anything substantially increased. I will cut Regs but make penalties severe when caught cheating!
Pathetic attempt by @foxnews to try and build up ratings for the #GOPDebate. Without me they'd have no ratings! 
Pocahontas bombed last night! Sad to watch.
As I stated at the press conference on Friday regarding David Duke- I disavow. 
Thank you Mr. &amp; Mrs. @TomBarrackJr for the wonderful and magical evening last night. It will not be forgotten. #Trump2016
Curt Schilling a great pitcher and patriot is considering a run for Congress in Arizona. Terrific!  @foxandfriends
...2nd Amendment Strong Military ISIS historic VA improvement Supreme Court Justice Record Stock Market lowest unemployment in 17 yrs!
Crooked Hillary Clinton who I would love to call Lyin' Hillary is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions.
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way. -- Dale Carnegie
“Keep your brand standard in mind and your expansion will seem possible as well as gratifying.” – Midas Touch
It was great to have Governor @RicardoRossello of #PuertoRico🇵🇷with us at the @WhiteHouse today. We are with you! #PRStrong 
“The Chinese say (about Trump’s Trade War &amp; Tariffs) ‘he brought us to the table.’ This is the most prosperous economy the world has ever seen and it’s going to be a very prosperous economy.” Jamie Dimon on @60Minutes  Thank you President Trump &amp; the Republican Party!
I'm at Trump National DC @TrumpGolfDC watching the #2013JuniorPGA championship--fantastic young players! @ThePGAofAmerica.
Join me in Wilmington Ohio tomorrow at 4:00pm! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp! Tickets:  
Hillary said she was under sniper fire (while surrounded by USSS.) Turned out to be a total lie. She is not fit to… 
Starting tomorrow it's going to be #AmericaFirst! Thank you for a great morning Sarasota Florida!Watch here:… 
As per recent Federal Court ruling the Federal Government will be withholding funds from Sanctuary Cities. They should change their status and go non-Sanctuary. Do not protect criminals!
The perfect Hawaiian getaway @TrumpWaikiki’s 462 luxury guest rooms and suites each have spectacular views  
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something sometime in your life. -- Winston Churchill
We have a great economy DESPITE the Obama Administration and all of its job killing Regulations and Roadblocks. If that thinking prevailed in the 2016 Election the U.S. would be in a Depression right now! We were heading down and don’t let the Democrats sound bites fool you!
Speaking to great patriots @MCC_CT. My first visit to Granite State since declaring my candidacy! #FITN 
AMERICA FIRST!
Before Star Jones begged me to put her on The Apprentice she was “professionally dead.” I saved her tiny... 
The Failing New York Times (it will pass away when I leave office in 6 years) and others of the Fake News Media keep writing phony stories about how I didn’t use many banks because they didn’t want to do business with me. WRONG! It is because I didn’t need money. Very old
The primary plaintiff in the phony Trump University suit wants to abandon the case. Disgraceful!
Many reports of peaceful protests by Iranian citizens fed up with regime’s corruption &amp; its squandering of the nation’s wealth to fund terrorism abroad. Iranian govt should respect their people’s rights including right to express themselves. The world is watching! #IranProtests
Celebrity Apprentice continues to be a top ten trend on twitter this morning 
#ICYMI: John Podesta’s Brother Pocketed $180000 from Putin’s Uranium Company:  
True thanks.  
General Motors and the UAW are going to start “talks” in September/October. Why wait start them now! I want jobs to stay in the U.S.A. and want Lordstown (Ohio) in one of the best economies in our history opened or sold to a company who will open it up fast! Car companies.....
Today's job report is dismal. Now a record 88921000 Americans are no longer in the work force.
Like it or not Tlaib and Omar are fast becoming the face of the Democrat Party. Cortez (AOC) is fuming not happy about this!
Obama can kill Americans at will with drones but waterboarding is not allowed—only in America!

Unbelievable crowd in Dallas! 
The @whitehouse has 'clarified' that the unemployment is actually 8.254% not 8.3%    A little sensitive are we?
Canadians kicked out the firm that the U.S. paid all that money to for the failed website. How stupid are our "leaders"? This is a scandal!
So wonderful to be in Las Vegas yesterday and meet with people from police to doctors to the victims themselves who I will never forget!
....left and right he then woke up from his dream screaming that HE LIED. Next time I go to Vietnam I will ask “the Dick” to travel with me!

THANK YOU!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain # 
The @MissUSA 2012 contestants pose for a picture with me at Trump Tower in New York City- 
NO WAY JUDGES SAY MAYWEATHER WON. INVESTIGATION SHOULD TAKE PLACE. FIX?
“There is no serious person out there who would suggest somehow that you could even rig America’s elections there’s no evidence that that has happened in the past or that it will happen this time and so I’d invite Mr. Trump to stop whining and make his case to get votes.” .....
Young entrepreneurs should always remember that if you do not promote yourself no one else will!
Via @Citizens_United: “Donald Trump To Speak At The Iowa Freedom Summit in Des Moines on January 24th” 
CLINTON’S FLAILING SYRIA POLICY WAS JUDGED A FAILURE: #VPDebate
Tomorrow's the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action! #TrumpTrain #MAGA… 
ObamaCare is a disaster. Americans will see record increases in their premiums and inferior care services.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#AmericaFirst #Trump2016 
Heading to Biloxi Mississippi. Massive crowds expected. Thank you for your support! #VoteTrump2016 
Lawmakers of the House Judiciary Committee are angrily accusing the Department of Justice of missing the Thursday Deadline for turning over UNREDACTED Documents relating to FISA abuse FBI Comey Lynch McCabe Clinton Emails and much more. Slow walking - what is going on? BAD!
I hear by demand a second investigation after Schumer of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia and lying about it. 
Melania will be interviewed by @morningmika on @Morning_Joe now (8:30 A.M.). ENJOY!
Just checked out the new Wall on the Border - GREAT! Leaving now for L.A.
Can't believe I finally got a good story in the @washingtonpost. It discusses the enthusiasm of "Trump" voters through campaign....
.@StephenBaldwin7 thinks @TheRealMarilu is ping-ponging all over the place. Do you agree? #CelebApprentice
Via @newsobserver by @RaleighReporter: "In Raleigh Donald Trump all but announces presidential bid" 
“Donald Trump hosts first-ever 'Trump Invitational' at Mar-a-Lago”  via @WPTV
....followed and then it was withdrawn. The Democrats argument for impeachment has not gotten stronger over the last few weeks. As Senator Josh Hawley just said he’s going to enter a Motion to Dismiss the Impeachment Trial because it’s never actually been brought to trial.”
They finally let our Marine out of a Mexican prison no thanks to Obama. Way too long. Such an event should never be allowed to happen again
The @WashingtonPost quickly put together a hit job book on me- comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories. Don't buy boring!
Other  worthy people were taken off the @CNBC list as well. Stupid poll should be canceled—no credibility.
Looking forward to tomorrow night’s rally in Greenville North Carolina at 7:00 P.M. Eastern! 
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral in Miami is doing record business - everybody wants a piece of it. Great reviews. Thank you!
Getting China to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take decisive action. #TimeToGetTough
Rev.@BillyGraham is doing tremendous work this election cycle educating the Christian community on @MittRomney.
A.P. has just reported that the Russian Hoax Investigation has now cost our government over $17 million and going up fast. No Collusion except by the Democrats!
Via @FortuneMagazine by @mcasey1: “Donald Trump plans to build a Trump Tower in Mumbai” 
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM--tune in!
So nice being with Republican Senators today. Multiple standing ovations! Most are great people who want big Tax Cuts and success for U.S.
Under President Obama do you think America will become a THIRD WORLD COUNTRY?
When Lisa Page the lover of Peter Strzok talks about being “crushed” and how innocent she is ask her to read Peter’s “Insurance Policy” text to her just in case Hillary loses. Also why were the lovers text messages scrubbed after he left Mueller. Where are they Lisa?
After spending 40 Million Dollars reviewing 1.4 million pages of documents &amp; interviewing 500 people with the total support of the White House the Mueller Report was a BIG DISAPPOINTMENT to the Democrats so they want a DO OVER. It doesn’t work that way-so bad for our Country!
I want to applaud the FBI Secret Service Department of Justice the U.S. Attorneys’ Office for the Southern District of New York the NYPD and all Law Enforcement partners across the Country for their incredible work skill and determination!
Crooked Hillary Attacks Foreign Government Donations - While Ignoring Her Own: 
The press has very inaccurately covered this event - see for yourself! 
The Fake News Media will not talk about the importance of the United Nations Security Council's 15-0 vote in favor of sanctions on N. Korea!
Give me clean beautiful and healthy air - not the same old climate change (global warming) bullshit! I am tired of hearing this nonsense.
.....’These Conservative Judicial appointments will impact our nation for years to come’ said Lindsey Graham Republican of South Carolina who leads the Judiciary Committee and who has been speeding through Trump nominees.” The entire Court System is changing at a record pace!
My appearances on @todayshow  and @gma 
My @amtalker int. on @whoradio w/@SteveKingIA discussing my upcoming campaign visit for Steve this Sat. in Iowa  
“The real “Obstruction of Justice” is what the Democrats are trying to do to this Attorney General.” Congressman Jim Jordan (R-Ohio). @MariaBartiromo
“Sen. Tim Scott Says Trump 'Innocent' 'No Way' Senate Convicts” 
There is an incredible spirit of optimism sweeping the country right now—we're bringing back the JOBS! 
Never thought I’d say this but I think @johnrobertsFox and @JillianTurner @FoxNews have even less understanding of the Wall negotiations than the folks at FAKE NEWS CNN &amp; NBC! Look to final results! Don’t know how my poll numbers are so good especially up 19% with Hispanics?
Via @NewYorkObserver by @Bshapiro91: “Donald Trump @MelRivers Headline @Algemeiner Gala” 
Trade negotiations are continuing with China. They have been making hundreds of billions of dollars a year from the U.S. for many years. Stay tuned!
Over 100M are now receiving some form of welfare  We must do better. @MittRomney has the vision to get America working.
Can’t let Brett Kavanaugh give Radical Left Democrat (Liberal Plus) Opinions based on threats of Impeaching him over made up stories (sound familiar?) false allegations and lies. This is the game they play. Fake and Corrupt News is working overtime! #ProtectKavanaugh
Sadly the overwhelming amount of violent crime in our major cities is committed by blacks and hispanics-a tough subject-must be discussed.
All of the fools that are so focused on looking only at Russia should start also looking in another direction China. But in the end if we are smart tough and well prepared we will get along with everyone!
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends in 3 minutes-7.00 A.M.
No surprise. @Rosie is failing on @TheView.Terrible ratings.“Malcontent" &amp; another season is "out of the question" 
Great! 
Another horrific attack this time in Nice France. Many dead and injured. When will we learn? It is only getting worse.
Wind Farms are not only disgusting to look at but also cause tremendous damage to their local ecosystems. 
Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals know precisely what you want to achieve. Then study the best people in your field and learn from them.
Ask yourself: What am I pretending not to see? There may be some great opportunities right around you.
New York Magazine just named the most influential "tweeters" in N.Y. and one Donald Trump was #2 after ESPN. Actually I'm easily #1!
Congressman @LanceGooden has done a wonderful job for the people of Texas while supporting our #MAGA Agenda. He continues to protect your very important #2A. Lance is Strong on Crime and the Border he Loves our Great Vets and Military. Lance has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement!
We need another Bush in office about as much as we need Obama to have a 3rd term.  No more Bushes!
This is the first time in my life that I have caused controversy by NOT saying something.
A bite from last night's @piersmorgan interview discussing Rev. Wright's Ed Klein interview and the 2012 campaign 
Having great meetings and discussions with my friend President @EmmanuelMacron of France. We are in the midst of meetings on Iran Syria and Trade. We will be holding a joint press conference shortly here at the @WhiteHouse. 🇺🇸🇫🇷 
Fan favorite @LilJon once again shines in the record 13th season of 'All Star' @CelebApprentice.  He is an amazing &amp; wonderful guy!
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
We are going to REBUILD our crumbling infrastructure and there is no better place to begin this campaign than in the Great State of Ohio. A tremendous honor to be here today at a state-of-the-art training site where the skills of the American Worker are forged and refined! 
Being nice to Rocket Man hasn't worked in 25 years why would it work now? Clinton failed Bush failed and Obama failed. I won't fail.
He wants to impeach because they can’t win election. Sad! 
I agree with Rand Paul. This is a total disgrace and should NEVER happen to another President! 
Hillary whose decisions have led to the deaths of many accepted $ from a business linked to ISIS. Silence at CNN. 
With the incompetent Mayor of London you will never have safe streets! 
Great Job Tim! 
The Democrats should change the Loopholes and Asylum Laws so lives will be saved at our Southern Border. They said it was not a crisis at the Border that it was all just “manufactured.” Now they admit that I was right - But they must do something about it. Fix the Laws NOW!
Obama just appointed an Ebola Czar with zero experience in the medical area and zero experience in infectious disease control. A TOTAL JOKE!
A GREAT evening in Minneapolis Minnesota with incredible American Patriots. THANK YOU! 
GO VOTE FROM NOW TO 8:30 P.M. NEVADA. I WILL BE AT VARIOUS CAUCUS SITES. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Located in Tribeca each @TrumpSoHo hotel room features floor to window ceilings for a view of lower Manhattan 
Michelle Obama made a terrible mistake in Iowa. When endorsing Bruce Braley before a large crowd she called him Bruce Bailey seven times.
Thank you Georgia! #AmericaFirst#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary. Let's Make America Great Again! 
Thank you to the greatest heroes  #DDay70 #WWII
.@dagenmcdowell “Every Democrat is running to raise taxes. She (Pocahontas) lied about her ethnicity that was her problem.” @MariaBartiromo  So true Dagen!
The Eric Trump Foundation has raised over $1000000 towards St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.  
....to hurt Donald Trump and we the people that support him. The Left has never accepted the results of the 2016 Election. They never saw this coming. This is not just about President Trump. They hate everyone he is representing.” @seanhannity @FoxNews  Sean the amazing warrior!
Impeachment Poll numbers are starting to drop like a rock now that people are understanding better what this whole Democrat Scam is all about!
Losers and haterseven you as low and dumb as you are can learn from watching Apprentice and checking out my tweets-you can still succeed!
The fact that we are here today to debate raising America’s debt limit is a sign of leadership failure. - Sen. Obama 3/16/06
Florida Highway Patrol Troopers are all en route to the Panhandle from all across the state of Florida - to help those affected by #HurricaneMichael. If you see them be sure to shake their hands and say THANK YOU! #LESM 
Five deaths have been recorded thus far with regard to hurricane Florence! Deepest sympathies and warmth go out to the families and friends of the victims. May God be with them!
I had a great day in D.C. even though the subject was an unpleasant one the horrible Iran Nuke deal. Amazing crowd and enthusiasm!
Thank you Governor @TerryBranstad! #AmericaFirst #Debates2016 
Thank you @JoeTrippi for the nice and true words on #Media Buzz with terrific Howie Kurtz. Leading New Hampshire 30 to 12. @FoxNews
Bullshit-Pop gave me knowledge and a relatively small amount of money (split between brothers and sisters) and I built it into over 9 bill.
Boycott Mexico until they release our Marine. With all the money they get from the U.S. this should be an easy one. NO RESPECT!
$1B down another $1B to go. ObamaCare website is 40% unfinished. This is beyond pathetic.
“Labor disgraces no man; unfortunately you occasionally find men who disgrace labor.” - Gen. Ulysses S. Grant
This is the summer of box office bombs.  Who is green lighting this garbage? The scripts are terrible.
Landing in Las Vegas now for a Make America Great Again Rally supporting @DeanHeller and @DannyTarkanian. Also doing interview there with @seanhannity live on @FoxNews. Big crowd long lines. Will be great! #MAGA
Had the opposition party (no not the Media) won the election the Stock Market would be down at least 10000 points by now. We are heading up up up!
Why does HI Revised Statute 338-17.8 allow an HI resident who doesn't have to be US citizen to procure an official Hawaii birth certificate?
Obama our Welfare &amp; Food Stamp President is praising himself for expanding welfare   He doesn't believe in work.
The off shore Aberdeen wind farm site is “experimental” &amp; has no track record delivering energy.  @guardian
If the Boston killer applies for Obama Care the paperwork will be too complicated for him to understand!
My robocall on behalf of @MittRomney playing across the state of Michigan   

Thank you! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016 
It was my great honor to have lunch with our INCREDIBLE U.S. and ROK troops at Camp Humphreys in South Korea. 🇺🇸🇰🇷  
Wow Just Breaking: “The (big deal) Whistleblower had a ‘PROFESSIONAL TIE’ to 2020 Democratic Candidate.” Washington Examiner @ByronYork  In other words was working with someone who was potentially running against me. Why wasn’t this reported by the ICIG? A Witch Hunt Scam!
Thank you @MikeOzanian for the nice comments on @FoxNews today. Great job!

Keystone XL should be approved but more importantly we should be drilling &amp; fracking our own resources. Would be an economic windfall.
Great to be in Singapore excitement in the air!
POLLING LOCATIONS: 
Wishing a Happy New Year to all of those celebrating Rosh Hashanah in America Israel and around the World! 
The U.S. may be getting a little bit lucky with respect to Hurricane Dorian but please don’t let down your guard. As it heads up the coast lots of very bad and unpredictable things can happen! On the other hand the Bahamas have been devastated. We are sending crews to help!
.....Bob Corker was responsible for giving us the horrible Iran Nuclear Deal which I ended yet he badmouths me for wanting to bring our young people safely back home. Bob wanted to run and asked for my endorsement. I said NO and the game was over. #MAGA I LOVE TENNESSEE!
PLENTY OF OIL!
Watching other networks and local news. Really good night! Crazy @megynkelly is unwatchable.
Remember negotiations are fluid. Remain calm and don’t settle easily. If you have the goods you will ultimately win.
Such a wonderful statement from the great @LouDobbs. "We take up what may be the most accomplished presidency in modern American history."
Congratulations to @DrGregMurphy1 of North Carolina (#NC03) on his great primary victory for the United States Congress. Greg is tough on Crime Borders and loves our Second Amendment our Military and our Vets. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
There is nothing racist in stating plainly what most people already know that Elijah Cummings has done a terrible job for the people of his district and of Baltimore itself. Dems always play the race card when they are unable to win with facts. Shame!
...hasn't worked agreements violated before the ink was dry makings fools of U.S. negotiators. Sorry but only one thing will work!
.@DonaldJTrumpJr and I on the 18th hole at Trump International Golf Links Scotland- 
They just called this the biggest scandal in U.S. sports history (GMA). Roger looks really weak and indecisive must put on a better front!
In order to get elected @BarackObama will start a war with Iran.
“The true competitors are the ones who always play to win.” – Tom Brady @Patriots
“Neither one of the Democrat star witnesses at the Impeachment hearings could point out an impeachable offense. That’s the result!” @Varneyco  @FoxBusiness
Contractors can blame Obama admin all day for their $600M failure but both parties are at fault--pay taxpayers back.
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office &amp; told me that @BarackObama applied to Occidental as a foreign student--think about it!
Robert Mueller and Leakin’ Lyin’ James Comey are Best Friends just one of many Mueller Conflicts of Interest. And bye the way wasn’t the woman in charge of prosecuting Jerome Corsi (who I do not know) in charge of “legal” at the corrupt Clinton Foundation? A total Witch Hunt...
It’s Thursday. How many people have lost their healthcare today?
As I learn more and more each day I am coming to the conclusion that what is taking place is not an impeachment it is a COUP intended to take away the Power of the....
....misrepresenting what took place inside of the hospital. Their news conference after I left for El Paso was a fraud. It bore no resemblance to what took place with those incredible people that I was so lucky to meet and spend time with. They were all amazing!o
.@DannyZuker I hear your filmography is "stacked" with failures.
The trip by @VP Pence was long planned. He is receiving great praise for leaving game after the players showed such disrespect for country!
If Elizabeth Warren often referred to by me as Pocahontas did this commercial from Bighorn or Wounded Knee instead of her kitchen with her husband dressed in full Indian garb it would have been a smash! 
Keep up the great work - THANK YOU! 
Vancouver’s most anticipated hotel &amp; residences @TrumpVancouver will unveil Canada’s first Mar-a-Lago Spa 
.@genesimmons is terrific--congratulations on Hall of Fame.
Thank you Charlotte North Carolina! We are going to have an AMAZING victory on November 8th...because this is all… 
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. - Albert Einstein
Paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself and your interests.
My announcement is tomorrow!
In Iran deal we get 4 prisoners. They get $150 billion 7 most wanted and many off watch list. This will create great incentive for others!
I am currently at the United Nations representing our Country but have authorized the release tomorrow of the complete fully declassified and unredacted transcript of my phone conversation with President Zelensky of Ukraine....
.....there is not we can always go back to our previous very profitable position of Tariffs - But I don’t believe that will be necessary. The Failing @nytimes &amp; ratings challenged @CNN will do anything possible to see our Country fail! They are truly The Enemy of the People!
Wow thank you — on my way!! 
.@IamStevenT gave one of the greatest endings to a show ever @MissUniverse. Standing ovation!
Via @Newsmax_Media by “Poll: Trump Surges Among GOP Hopefuls in NH” 
Should not raise taxes in Wisconsin but massive budget deficit. Education roads etc suffering. @DanHenninger lies. @WSJ
“Trump Rally: Stocks put 2017 in the record books” 
...subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all we will then terminate NAFTA. Relationships are good-deal very possible!
Statement on John McCain- 
College educated women want safety security and healthcare protections – very much along with financial and economic health for themselves and our Country. I supply all of this far better than any Democrat (for decades actually). That’s why they will be voting for me!
Watching Gates on @seanhannity - looks like he got hit by a truck! Why didn't Obama get him and othersto sign a confidentiality agreement?
Thank you Congressman Steven Palazzo!  
Mike Pompeo Director of the CIA will become our new Secretary of State. He will do a fantastic job! Thank you to Rex Tillerson for his service! Gina Haspel will become the new Director of the CIA and the first woman so chosen. Congratulations to all!
Keep lightweight Marco and his friends out of the White House. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
My ties &amp; shirts at Macy’s are doing great. Stupid @GoAngelo is making people aware of how good they are!
I will be on Face The Nation (CBS) today at 10:30 A.M. and Media Buzz (Fox News) at 11:00 A.M. Enjoy!
President Obama created a VERY BAD precedent by handing over five Taliban prisoners in exchange for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl. Another U.S. loss!
Jesse Watters “The only thing Trump obstructed was Hillary getting to the White House.”  So true!
If @BarackObama had to use the same labor participation he had when he entered office then the unemployment number would be 11.2%
Time to start building in our country with American workers &amp; with American iron aluminum &amp; steel. It is time to… 
Ken Starr Former Independent Counsel: “Does this reach the level of treason bribery or other high crimes and misdemeanors? My assessment of the evidence so far NO WHERE CLOSE. The evidence is conflicting &amp; ambiguous. Ambassador Sondland’s testimony stated that....
Thank you for such a wonderful and unforgettable visit Prime Minister @Netanyahu and @PresidentRuvi.
I will be on Face the Nation with John Dickerson on CBS this morning. Enjoy!
.@piersmorgan is back! Did I see @OMAROSA wince? #CelebApprentice
The Trans-Pacific Partnership will lead to even greater unemployment. Do not pass it.
Thank you Michigan! #Trump2016
The real story that Congress the FBI and all others should be looking into is the leaking of Classified information. Must find leaker now!
Thank you @CrainsChicago for featuring @TrumpChicago in your list of "Best Private Dining Rooms in Chicago." 
Just out: Real GDP for First Quarter grew 3.2% at an annual rate. This is far above expectations or projections. Importantly inflation VERY LOW. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I was asked about healthcare by Anderson Cooper &amp; have been consistent- I will repeal all of #ObamaCare including the mandate period.
Wow the ALIS just nominated my purchase of Doral in Miami as Transaction of the Year—thanks!
As I have been saying Crooked Hillary will approve the job killing TPP after the election despite her statements to the contrary: top adv.
....And add to that the fact that the U.S. pays close to the entire cost of NATO-protecting many of these same countries that rip us off on Trade (they pay only a fraction of the cost-and laugh!). The European Union had a $151 Billion Surplus-should pay much more for Military!
I was saddened to see how bad the ratings were on the Emmys last night - the worst ever. Smartest people of them all are the "DEPLORABLES."
Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland awarded 5 star status by Scottish Tourism chiefs. Via MailOnline 
.@antbaxter  Your documentary died many deaths. You have in my opinion zero talent.
Whether you like it or not the Russians did a great job in hosting the Olympics! Remember when Obama went to Europe to get Olympics-fourth.
Thank you Concord North Carolina! When WE win on November 8th we are going to Washington D.C. and we are going t… 
Congratulations to America’s new Secretary of @HHSGov Alex Azar! 
Total misnomer to call ObamaCare ‘The Affordable Care Act.’ Affordable for whom besides big businesses &amp; Congress w/their exemptions?
The Democrat establishment came together and crushed Bernie Sanders AGAIN! Even the fact that Elizabeth Warren stayed in the race was devastating to Bernie and allowed Sleepy Joe to unthinkably win Massachusetts. It was a perfect storm with many good states remaining for Joe!
Congrats to Roger Clemens he showed great courage. This case never should have been brought to trial. Andy Pettitte did the right thing.
Via @TheScotsman: “Donald Trump’s @TrumpTurnberry plan gets go-ahead” 
.@antbaxter—Your documentary works better than any sleeping pill—in fact that may be your only way to make money with this recycled garbage!
Even though every poll Time Drudge etc. has me winning the debate by a lot @FoxNews only puts negative people on. Biased - a total joke!
Look at the solution not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Welcome to the race Sleepy Joe. I only hope you have the intelligence long in doubt to wage a successful primary campaign. It will be nasty - you will be dealing with people who truly have some very sick &amp; demented ideas. But if you make it I will see you at the Starting Gate!
...This is a level of criminality beyond the pale. This is such a grave abuse of power and authority it’s like nothing else we’ve seen in our history. This makes the Nixon Watergate burglary look like keystone cop stuff
“What Really Happened”
Oil is under $50/barrel. Now is the time to increase sanctions against Iran not lift them. No deal is better than a bad deal. #ArtOfTheDeal
In the 2016 Election I was winning by so much in Florida that Broward County which was very late with vote tabulation and probably getting ready to do a “number” couldn’t do it because not enough people live in Broward for them to falsify a victory!
I was not informed about anything having to do with the Navy Ship USS John S. McCain during my recent visit to Japan. Nevertheless @FLOTUS and I loved being with our great Military Men and Women - what a spectacular job they do!
China demanded that we raise our debt ceiling and then their rating agency downgraded us. Our leaders are hope… (cont) 
.@washingtonpost by @OConnellPostbiz:“Donald Trump lands @chefjoseandres for Old Post Office flagship restaurant” 
People often ask me the secret to my success and the answer is simple: passion focus and hard work. Momentum keeps it all going.
....and why hasn’t the Podesta brother been charged and arrested like others after being forced to close down his very large and successful firm? Is it because he is a VERY well connected Democrat working in the Swamp of Washington D.C.?
Will @JebBush in his phony advertising campaign show himself asking me to apologize to his wife in the debate?
You have been loyal and faithful to your Country and now you have a President that is loyal and faithful to you. Get out tomorrow and  
This was sent out from Ted Cruz- as Iowans arrived at their caucus sites to vote. #CruzFraud 
I don't know Putin have no deals in Russia and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran #1in terror no problem!
Just arrived in the United Kingdom. The only problem is that @CNN is the primary source of news available from the U.S. After watching it for a short while I turned it off. All negative &amp; so much Fake News very bad for U.S. Big ratings drop. Why doesn’t owner @ATT do something?
.@FoxNews-FBI’s Andrew McCabe “in addition to his wife getting all of this money from M (Clinton Puppet) he was using allegedly his FBI Official Email Account to promote her campaign. You obviously cannot do this. These were the people who were investigating Hillary Clinton.”
Won $5000000 against Miss Pennsylvania Sheena Monnin for her terrible and untrue statements about Miss USA Pageant. Not a nice person!
Just departed New Mexico for California where we are delivering results! 
All is well! Missiles launched from Iran at two military bases located in Iraq. Assessment of casualties &amp; damages taking place now. So far so good! We have the most powerful and well equipped military anywhere in the world by far! I will be making a statement tomorrow morning.
.@IvankaTrump and @PiersMorgan will be wonderful advisors. #CelebApprentice
Little Marco Rubio treated America's ICE officers "like absolute trash" in order to pass Obama's amnesty. 
...haven’t even started yet! The U.S. has very little to give because it has given so much over the years. China has much to give!
#FlashbackFriday Trump family- final week of @Oprah's show- @Oprah is terrific! 
If anybody but your favorite President Donald J. Trump announced that after decimating ISIS in Syria we were going to bring our troops back home (happy &amp; healthy) that person would be the most popular hero in America. With me hit hard instead by the Fake News Media. Crazy!
Louisiana REPUBLICANS thank you for a great evening. Get out TOMORROW and VOTE REPUBLICAN! Send the Radical Democrat establishment a loud and clear message that you are going to FIRE your Democrat Governor John Bel Edwards and send a Great Republican to the Governor’s Mansion! 
Today’s assignment: read Chapter 7 ‘Trump Tower: The Tiffany Location’ of The Art of the Deal. Focus on how I marketed the property.
....I have been packed all day with meetings I have no time for stupidity. We’re working around the clock to KEEP AMERICA SAFE!
Excellent preliminary meeting in Oval with @SenSchumer - working on solutions for Security and our great Military together with @SenateMajLdr McConnell and @SpeakerRyan. Making progress - four week extension would be best!
President Xi and I have a very strong and personal relationship. He and I are the only two people that can bring about massive and very positive change on trade and far beyond between our two great Nations. A solution for North Korea is a great thing for China and ALL!
Tremendous day in Massachusetts and Maine. Thank you to everyone for making it so special!
....contracting procedures were not addressed to my satisfaction. Therefore Secretary of the Navy Richard Spencer’s services have been terminated by Secretary of Defense Mark Esper. I thank Richard for his service &amp; commitment. Eddie will retire peacefully with all of the.....
Read about how this hotel came into being in my book “Never Give Up”—it’s quite a story. #CelebApprentice @TrumpNewYork
Thank you to Shawn Steel for the nice words on @FoxNews.
....The entire Impeachment Scam was based on my perfect Ukrainian call and the Whistleblowers account of that call which turned out to be false (a fraud?). Once I released the actual call their entire case fell apart. The Democrats must end this Scam now. Witch Hunt!
When renovations are completed Trump National Doral will be the finest resort in the U.S.
The United States has paid Iraq Billions of Dollars a year for many years. That is on top of all else we have done for them. The people of Iraq don’t want to be dominated &amp; controlled by Iran but ultimately that is their choice. Over the last 15 years Iran has gained more....
Watching the madness in Cyprus? If our government keeps spending trillion dollar deficits that could happen here.
Starting next week and by popular demand (plus good ratings) NBC will broadcast only two hour episodes of Celebrity Apprentice at 9 P.M.
“When your brand begins to build you too will be faced with opportunities for greater recognition.” – Midas Touch
Michael Barbaro the author of the now discredited @nytimes hit piece on me with women has in past tweeted badly about me. He should resign
Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul. - General Douglas MacArthur
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends (@foxandfriends) at 7.00. Fighting Ebola will be a topic!
Tariffs are working far better than anyone ever anticipated. China market has dropped 27% in last 4months and they are talking to us. Our market is stronger than ever and will go up dramatically when these horrible Trade Deals are successfully renegotiated. America First.......
Money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game!
Now that Adam Schiff is starting to blame President Obama for Russian meddling in the election he is probably doing so as yet another excuse that the Democrats lead by their fearless leader Crooked Hillary Clinton lost the 2016 election. But wasn’t I a great candidate?
There's only one candidate who cut medicare and that's Barack Obama. Cut over $700M to move into ObamaCare.
.@MarkHalperin’s and John Heilemann’s  book Double Down is an excellent read on the just passed election. Great book congrats! @jheil
All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC continues to dominate the Sunday 10PM slot in every key demographic. Still hot after 13 seasons!
The Euro is going to collapse soon. Cross border lending is already down and banks are stopping their Euro investments.
In standing by @dennisrodman I was  also representing many people who have addiction problems &amp; are working hard to come back.
ISIS made a big mistake with the beheading of the reporter. Even people against intervention want them blown into oblivion. LEADERSHIP!
Who's your pick--@bretmichaels or @hollyrpeete ? Vote now on Ivanka's new Facebook page! 
Another very bad terror attack in France. We are going to strengthen our borders even more. Chuck and Nancy must give us the votes to get additional Border Security!
Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey from Camp David. We are leaving nothing to chance. City State and Federal Govs. working great together!
Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools. - Napoleon Bonaparte
Steel Dynamics announced that it will build a brand new 3 million ton steel mill in the Southwest that will create 600 good-paying U.S. JOBS. Steel JOBS are coming back to America just like I predicted. Congratulations to Steel Dynamics!
Via @ABC by @jonkarl &amp; @JordynPhelps: "Donald Trump Says Jeb Bush is the ‘Last Thing We Need’" 
With @StephenBaldwin7 earlier today at @ApprenticeNBC press conference in @TrumpTowerNY. 
Welcome to Twitter @melaniatrump!
Today @BarackObama is in Ohio on a bus tour. Tomorrow Pennsylvania. How about actually running the country?
I am deeply committed to preserving our strong relationship &amp; to strengthening America's long-standing support for… 
Agnes your great boy Ronald is looking down very proud of you! 
France is losing its businesses and wealth rapidly and day by day.
You talk tough Mr. President but have done nothing about China killing our jobs and economy.

People should be proud of the fact that I got Obama to release his birth certificate which in a recent book he “miraculously” found.
Trump Signature mattress is from Serta - the best there is! Thanks
Looks like another great day for the Stock Market. Consumer Confidence is at Record High. I guess somebody likes me (my policies)!
Karl Rove is a total loser. Money given to him might as well be thrown down the drain.
Going over to @ABC to do LIVE  at 9:00.
Vote for Congressman Devin Nunes a true American Patriot the likes of which we rarely see in our modern day world....he truly loves our country and deserves everyone’s support!
The Miss U.S.A. pageant will be amazing tonight. To be politically incorrect the girls (women) are REALLY BEAUTIFUL. NBC at 8 PM.
I enjoy meeting tourists in #TrumpTower. People travel from across the world to see the five-level Atrium &amp; waterfall.
The habitual vacationer: @BarackObama has campaigned on our dime more than any previous president in history… (cont) 
Fake News!! 
I am self funding my campaign &amp; don't owe anybody anything! I only owe it to the American people! #Trump2016Watch: 
Jimmy Fallon show will be great tonight - I'm on!
Peoples lives are being shattered and destroyed by a mere allegation. Some are true and some are false. Some are old and some are new. There is no recovery for someone falsely accused - life and career are gone. Is there no such thing any longer as Due Process?
I hope everyone (especially the haters and losers) goes to Macy's today and buys some DJT ties shirts and suits-and SUCCESS Fragrance-love!
This afternoon it was my great honor to present @USMC Sergeant Major John Canley the Medal of Honor in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse!  
Via @Newsmax_Media: “Donald Trump 2016: 8 Facts About Personal Life of GOP Presidential Hopeful”
Listen – my Citizens United Political Victory Fund robo-call for @leezeldin  #zeldinforcongress
Doesn’t dummy @chucktodd realize that when I considered running for president I filed financial papers showing unbelievable numbers.
My @WendyWilliams appearance re Sony Atlantic City @ApprenticeNBC &amp; 2016   Always love going on Wendy’s show!
Wishing you and yours a very Happy and Bountiful Thanksgiving!
DACA will be going before the Supreme Court. It is a document that even President Obama didn’t feel he had the legal right to sign - he signed it anyway! Rest assured that if the SC does what all say it must based on the law a bipartisan deal will be made to the benefit of all!
Via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1:"Donald Trump Slams Liberals In ‘Dishonest Press’: ‘I’m Going To Start Naming Names’" 
The polls have been consistently great. The silent majority is speaking. Politicians are failing. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Great meeting with the @RepublicanStudy Committee this morning at the @WhiteHouse! 
We now have the greatest Economy in history! 
If you have built castles in the air your work need not be lost; that is where they should be. Now put the foundations under them. Thoreau
So nice how well my State of the Union speech was received. Thank you to all!
“The pretend Ukraine scandal is an another malicious seditious effort to protect the Obama/Clinton gang. Criminal classified leaks and spying targeting Trump — again.” @TomFitton
ICYMI @nypost’s @LoisWeiss described my Monday @ICSC speech @javitscenter as one of my “best and most riveting” 
Melania and I send our greetings to those celebrating the Lunar New Year. Today people across the United States and around the world mark the beginning of the Lunar New Year with spectacular fireworks displays joyful festivals and family gatherings...
.@Graeme_McDowell  Great playing this weekend. You are a true winner. We look forward to having you back to Trump National Doral.
Shining over Fifth Avenue @TrumpTowerNY (a NY icon) offers a full service restaurant bar cafe ice cream parlor and Gucci.
....THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!
I am proud of the Rep. House &amp; Senate for working so hard on cutting taxes {&amp; reform.} We’re getting close! Now how about ending the unfair &amp; highly unpopular Indiv Mandate in OCare &amp; reducing taxes even further? Cut top rate to 35% w/all of the rest going to middle income cuts?
Can’t believe that Rolling Thunder would be given a hard time with permits in Washington D.C. They are great Patriots who I have gotten to know and see in action. They love our Country and love our Flag. If I can help I will!
....At what point does this soon to be $20000000 Witch Hunt composed of 13 Angry and Heavily Conflicted Democrats and two people who have worked for Obama for 8 years STOP! They have found no Collussion with Russia No Obstruction but they aren’t looking at the corruption...
Did you ever think our country would  become an economic basket case? So much for Hope &amp; Change.
My @FoxNews interview with @TeamCavuto discussing my endorsement of @MittRomney and how I came to my decision  
Via @GravisMarketing: “New Hampshire Poll: Trump into top-tier status” 
Thank you to Matt Boyle  @BreitbartNews for analytical &amp; well written piece on sleazebag blogger @mckaycoppins &amp; irrelevant @BuzzFeed
Thank you #G20OsakaSummit 
We don't have the leadership including the Generals (who just said the element of surprise does not matter) to attack anyone! Cool it.
The Trump Organization is going revolutionize Rio de Janeiro’s downtown port area with Trump Towers. Construction begins soon!
Thank you Georgia! See you soon!#Trump2016 
My great friend @RepMarkMeadows has been an EXCELLENT Chairman of the House @FreedomCaucus which has been a tremendous success. I am looking forward to close collaboration with his successor (starting Tuesday) and Strong Leader @RepAndyBiggsAZ!
Tom "marbles in his mouth" Brokaw once thanked me for the great success of the Apprentice for NBC. Now he calls (cont) 
Like Al Sharpton @DonnyDeutsch apologized to me for calling me a racist on @todayshow--apology accepted!
Prime Minister @David_Cameron is very foolish in giving @AlexSalmond so much money to build wind turbines which r destroying Scotland.
China is complaining about 2500 marines being placed in Australia.  Meanwhile they are building bases across Latin America. #TimeToGetTough
One of the reasons we need Great Border Security is that Mexico’s murder rate in 2017 increased by 27% to 31174 people killed a record! The Democrats want Open Borders. I want Maximum Border Security and respect for ICE and our great Law Enforcement Professionals! @FoxNews
Why would they announce a finding of the grand jury in Ferguson at 9:00 in the evening - a prime time for riots! Not smart.
Is Gov. @BobbyJindal the stupid one for using the phrase “the stupid party” when referring to the Republicans?
....I do have a plan on the Shutdown. But to understand that plan you would have to understand the fact that I won the election and I promised safety and security for the American people. Part of that promise was a Wall at the Southern Border. Elections have consequences!
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @FoxNews at 10:00pm tonight. Enjoy!
Great job being done by @BankofAmerica and many community banks throughout the country. Small businesses appreciate your work!
Many people advised me not to buy the Miss Universe pageant.  They were all wrong. The deal worked out to be a great one!
The media is on a new phony kick about my management style. I spend much less money &amp; get much better results! What we need as Prez!
Republicans have the cards because of the debt ceiling—but it doesn’t seem that way!
... &amp; all Obama is concerned about stopping them doing is buying wind farms 
ObamaCare could "eat up your raise"  Why isn't Congress defunding it? They're obsessed with amnesty.
I am continuing to monitor the censorship of AMERICAN CITIZENS on social media platforms. This is the United States of America — and we have what’s known as FREEDOM OF SPEECH! We are monitoring and watching closely!!
Jeb's big ad buy against me paid for by lobbyists shows my face but doesn't have me answering Jeb's statements. He is really pathetic!
Thank you Green Bay Wisconsin! Governor @Mike_Pence and I will be back soon. #TrumpPence16 #MAGA 
It was my great honor to join our wonderful Veterans at AMVETS Post 44 in Youngstown Ohio this evening. A grateful nation salutes you! 
“Total jobless claims running at lowest level in 44 years” 
It is my great honor to declare Sunday March 15th as a National Day of Prayer. We are a Country that throughout our history has looked to God for protection and strength in times like these....
At my meeting with Jay Powell this morning I protested fact that our Fed Rate is set too high relative to the interest rates of other competitor countries. In fact our rates should be lower than all others (we are the U.S.). Too strong a Dollar hurting manufacturers &amp; growth!
The dying @NYDailyNews asked me to do an Editorial on the Central Park 5 ripoff  &amp; then they pretend it was my idea. Loser newspaper!
Heading to Toledo Ohio for first Rally of the year. Tremendous crowd. Here we go for a big 2020 Win!
.@TrumpDoral’s record $200M renovations are on schedule. The hotel remains open for guests events and conferences. 
.@AlexSalmond I hope you played well at Royal Aberdeen but u must admit the windmill hovering over hole 14 is disgusting &amp; inappropriate.
Hurricane Irene and Libya in today's #trumpvlog.... 
I feel sure that my friend @RandPaul will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows Obamacare is a disaster!
A lot of Democrat dropouts tonight very low political I.Q. 
....however for strictly political reasons and because they have been pulled so far left do NOT want Border Security. They want Open Borders for anyone to come in. This brings large scale crime and disease. Our Southern Border is now Secure and will remain that way.......
This Man Is the Most Dangerous Political Operative in America  via Bloomberg Politics  
We will win big! 
“The reality is with the Tariffs the economy has grown more rapidly in the United States and much more slowly in China.” Peter Morici Former Chief Economist USITC
#CrookedHillary gives Obama an “A” for an economic recovery that’s the slowest since WWII... #BigLeagueTruth… 
Isn't it sad that on a day of national tragedy Hillary Clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on @CNN?
Getting ready to make a major speech to the National Assembly here in South Korea then will be headed to China where I very much look forward to meeting with President Xi who is just off his great political victory.
Our gov't is so pathetic that some of the billions being wasted in Afghanistan are ending up with terrorists 
Via @HeraldBusiness by @hannahbsampson: “@TrumpDoral looking to hire hundreds”  
....agricultural products from our Great Farmers in larger amounts than China ever did and ship it to poor &amp; starving countries in the form of humanitarian assistance. In the meantime we will continue to negotiate with China in the hopes that they do not again try to redo deal!
Today and every day we pledge to honor our history to treasure our liberty to uplift our communities to live up to our values to prove worthy of our heroes and above all to NEVER FORGET. #Honor911 
Many people have said I’m the world’s greatest writer of 140 character sentences.
Isn’t it amazing that the people who were closest to me by far and knew the Campaign better than anyone were never even called to testify before Mueller. The reason is that the 18 Angry Democrats knew they would all say ‘NO COLLUSION’ and only very good things!
Hard to believe that @FoxNews will be interviewing sleazebag &amp; totally discredited former FBI Director James Comey &amp; also corrupt politician Adam “Shifty” Schiff. Fox is trying sooo hard to be politically correct and yet they were totally shut out from the failed Dem debates!
Humanitarian Crisis at our Southern Border. I just got back and it is a far worse situation than almost anyone would understand an invasion! I have been there numerous times - The Democrats Cryin’ Chuck and Nancy don’t know how bad and dangerous it is for our ENTIRE COUNTRY....
Michael Vick of the Philadelphia @eagles is a great athlete but not a great quarterback.
Mexico is doing very little if not NOTHING at stopping people from flowing into Mexico through their Southern Border and then into the U.S. They laugh at our dumb immigration laws. They must stop the big drug and people flows or I will stop their cash cow NAFTA. NEED WALL!
The Radical Left Democrats have failed on all fronts so now they are pushing local New York City and State Democrat prosecutors to go get President Trump. A thing like this has never happened to any President before. Not even close!
Statement from Secretary of Defense James Mattis: 
Thank you @NewtGingrich &amp; @FoxandFriends! 
.@JebBush has embarrassed himself &amp; his family with his incompetent campaign for President. He should remain true to himself.
The news from the Financial Markets is even better than anticipated. For all of you that have made a fortune in the markets or seen your 401k’s rise beyond your wildest expectations more good news is coming!
Trump is already delivering the jobs he promised America 
Disproven and paid for by Democrats “Dossier used to spy on Trump Campaign. Did FBI use Intel tool to influence the Election?” @foxandfriends  Did Dems or Clinton also pay Russians? Where are hidden and smashed DNC servers? Where are Crooked Hillary Emails?  What a mess!
I will be doing @GMA @GStephanopoulos this morning at around 7:00. Likewise I will be doing @Morning_Joe at around 7:00. Figure it out!

“Always get even. When you are in business you need to get even with people who screw you.” – Think Big
#FullRepeal: Stopping Obamacare is now up to the American people. We must elect @MittRomney this November.
The cages for kids were built by the Obama Administration in 2014. He had the policy of child separation. I ended it even as I realized that more families would then come to the Border! @CNN
If you fail once twice three times it doesn't matter. Learn from your mistakes and push forward to VICTORY-the sweetest feeling there is!
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends in a few minutes - hope you enjoy!
.@bubbawatson  What a great player you have turned out to be but also what a great guy! Congratulations on another fantastic Masters win.
Thank you @RepLouBarletta! 
Who would you like to see on next season of #CelebrityApprentice? Let us know- everyone wants to be on it.
I'll be on @gretawire On the Record tonight to talk about the ObamaCare fiasco--7 pm on Fox News
Jeff Flake with an 18% approval rating in Arizona said "a lot of my colleagues have spoken out." Really they just gave me a standing O!
Good luck to Bob Kraft Tom Brady and Coach Bill Belichick tonight.
How did Obama go to a Las Vegas fundraiser on 9.12 the day after he refused to send help to Americans in Benghazi?
I never met former Defense Secretary Robert Gates. He knows nothing about me. But look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
Just out: The USA has the absolute legal right to have apprehended illegal immigrants transferred to Sanctuary Cities. We hereby demand that they be taken care of at the highest level especially by the State of California which is well known or its poor management &amp; high taxes!
The @nytimes was very nice in reporting that @CelebApprentice was #1 on all television for “top brand impact 2012.” Thank you!
Looking forward to seeing Joe McQuaid Curtis Barry and my many friends in the Granite State!
.@billmaher says that "the Iraelis are controlling our government"  @HBO. Let's fire him a second time.
I wonder how much our "leaders" have promised or given Russia in order for them to behave and not make the U.S. look even worse?
I urge all Americans to participate in #takebackday tomorrow! Let’s come together and BEAT last October’s record of disposed prescription pills! Visit  to learn more on how to participate Saturday and every day. 
You know what is the worst part of @BarackObama's Tuesday speech playing class warfare--we paid for it with our tax dollars.
Congressman @MichaelCBurgess has done a Great job representing the people of Texas. He continues to protect your very important Second Amendment. Mike is Strong on Crime and the Border he Loves our Great Vets and Military. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
“Trump Tiger Team Up to Create 'Stunning' Golf Course in Dubai”   via @Newsmax_Media by @Jlorenz
“Stocks Cap Best First Half Since 1997” @WallStreetJour  Our Country is doing great!
Flashback @FoxNewsInsider July '14:“Trump: Bergdahl Swap Another Mistake By 'Gang That Couldn't Shoot Straight'” 
Gas prices are low and expected to go down this year. This would be good!
Scary thought--what is the pervert Anthony Weiner doing with all the free time he has. Does he collect unemployment?
The Navy Yard shooting is a horrible disaster. If we don't clean up OUR COUNTRY of the garbage soon we are just going to do a death spiral!
....The Fake News Media builds Bob Mueller up as a Saint when in actuality he is the exact opposite. He is doing TREMENDOUS damage to our Criminal Justice System where he is only looking at one side and not the other. Heroes will come of this and it won’t be Mueller and his...
Thank you to @DailyTelegraph reviewer @NeilMidgley who stated "'You've Been Trumped' was so biased in favour of the protesters...
...transcripts of my calls with President Zelensky are all the proof that is needed in addition to the fact that President Zelensky &amp; the Foreign Minister of Ukraine said there was no pressure and no problems. Additionally I met with President Zelensky at the United Nations...
I hope Tom Brady sues the hell out of the @nfl for incompetence &amp; defamation. They will drop the case against him--and he will win.
Interesting article about Atlantic City 
Alison Grimes will protect the 'sanctity' of her Obama ballot yet admits she voted for Hillary in primary. Hypocrite. Vote @Team_Mitch!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain I will be in Cedar RapidsIA this Saturday. Get your tickets-
To every one of the HEROES we recognized today — THANK YOU and God Bless You All! 
Fraud lightweight Marco made a TV ad on TrumpU featuring 2 people who signed these letters: 
OPEC is better off than they were 4 years ago. Gas has more than doubled during @BarackObama's term. Outrageous!
An honor to meet with the Polish American Congress in Chicago this morning! #ImWithYou Video:… 
Great job FEMA First Responders and Law Enforcement - not easy very dangerous tremendous talent. America is proud of you. Keep it all going - finish strong!
Great optimism for future of U.S. business AND JOBS with the DOW having an 11th straight record close. Big tax &amp; regulation cuts coming!
'Trump Celebrates American Manufacturing Survey Showing Highest Level of Optimism in 20 Years' ➡️… 
Check out my interview on @GMA 
funding bill
Congratulations to @MittRomney for an impressive win in Florida. He performed well under pressure.
states instead of the 15 states that I visited. I would have won even more easily and convincingly (but smaller states are forgotten)!
.@AnnCoulter's new book 'In Trump We Trust comes out tomorrow. People are saying it's terrific - knowing Ann I am sure it is!
175000 ticket requests. Keep America Great! 
Presidents and their administrations have been talking to North Korea for 25 years agreements made and massive amounts of money paid......
It's Thursday and again I ask--how much money is China stealing from us?
#ICYMI - OHIO RALLY!Watch here:  
Snow and freezing weather all over mid-section of Country. Global warming specialists better start thinking fast!
We must honor the sacred memory of those we have lost by acting as ONE PEOPLE. Open wounds cannot heal if we are divided. We must seek real bipartisan solutions that will truly make America safer and better for all. 
I met a Trump Twitter hater last night (well known). As he came near me he nervously said "Mr. Trump it is an honor to meet you sir!" Nice
I finally agree with @Cher! 
Never seen the Republican Party so unified. No “Cave” on the issue of Border and National Security. A beautiful thing to see especially when you hear the new rhetoric spewing from the mouths of the Democrats who talk Open Border High Taxes and Crime. Stop Criminals &amp; Drugs now!
and fair elections. We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a -
Let's take a closer look at that birth certificate. @BarackObama was described in 2003 as being "born in Kenya." 
I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate. News conference tomorrow at 11:00 A.M.
The NYPost reports "@VanityFair Magazine dropped 18% to only 283938 newsstand copies sold." Very sad &amp; their bloggers are doing even worse!

.@BernardGoldberg was not good tonight on @oreillyfactor. He just doesn't know about winning! But he is a nice guy.
Thank you @USNationalGuard keep up the great work! 
Will be in Louisiana for the Miss USA Pageant which will be on NBC on Sunday night. Watch Miss Pennsylvaniaan interesting and amazing story
Really bad article about me in the dying (or dead) Esquire Magazine. Totally false - lots of hatred. When will this boring magazine close?
Press conference at the opening of the @GaryPlayer Villa at @TrumpDoral . 
I will be going to the funeral of my friend Joan Rivers today. I got to know her really well when she became the winner of The Apprentice!
“The road to Easy Street goes through the sewer.” – John Madden
90% of the Drugs coming into the United States come through Mexico &amp; our Southern Border. 80000 people died last year 1000000 people ruined. This has gone on for many years &amp; nothing has been done about it. We have a 100 Billion Dollar Trade Deficit with Mexico. It’s time!
Do you believe it? The Obama Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia. Why? I will study this dumb deal!
While I am in OH &amp; PA - you can also join @Mike_Pence in Nevada on Mon!Carson City:  
Via @NRO by @LovelaceRyanD: "Trump Slams Bush: ‘I Don’t See Him Winning; I Don’t See There’s Any Way’" 
Don’t forget to watch @ApprenticeNBC tonight—you will love it! 8 PM on NBC.  #CelebApprentice
.....overturned 9-0 in the United States Supreme Court. Doing same thing to people now. Will all of the substantial &amp; many contributions made by the 17 Angry Democrats to the Campaign of Crooked Hillary be listed in top of Report. Will the people that worked for the Clinton....

Iraq was one of our biggest mistakes. We got absolutely nothing for our sacrifices.The country will collapse (cont) 
Many people currently a part of my opposition including President Obama &amp; the Dems have had campaign violations in some cases for very large sums of money. These are civil cases. They paid a fine &amp; settled. While no big deal I did not commit a campaign violation!
Great to see how hard Republicans are fighting for our Military and Safety at the Border. The Dems just want illegal immigrants to pour into our nation unchecked. If stalemate continues Republicans should go to 51% (Nuclear Option) and vote on real long term budget no C.R.’s!
Miss Universe contestants are amazing—the most beautiful ever!
Secret Service has just informed me that Senator Jon Tester’s statements on Admiral Jackson are not true. There were no such findings. A horrible thing that we in D.C. must live with just like phony Russian Collusion. Tester should lose race in Montana. Very dishonest and sick!
ObamaCare is clearly unconstitutional. Hopefully the USC rules correctly but in the end repealing ObamaCare requires a political solution.
Thank you San Diego County for defending the rule of law and supporting our lawsuit against California's illegal and unconstitutional 'Sanctuary' policies. California's dangerous policies release violent criminals back into our communities putting all Americans at risk.
CPAC attendees &amp; fellow patriots - lines for my @CPACnews start at 7:00AM outside the Potomac Ballroom. Make sure to get there early!
Arrived back in Washington last night from a very emotional reopening of a major U.S. Steel plant in Granite City Illinois only to be greeted with the ridiculous news that the highly conflicted Robert Mueller and his gang of 13 Angry Democrats obviously cannot find Collusion...
Hillary took money and did favors for regimes that enslave women and murder gays.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
“American consumers are the most confident they've been since 2000....A strong job market is boosting confidence. The unemployment rate has stayed at a 17-year low.” 
Congratulations to Senator Cindy Hyde-Smith on your big WIN in the Great State of Mississippi. We are all very proud of you!
The Miss USA Pageant #MissUSA was a big ratings hit for @nbc--NBC won the evening. Thank you Donald.
They didn’t want John Bolton and others in the House. They were in too much of a rush. Now they want them all in the Senate. Not supposed to be that way!
A market is never saturated with a good product but it is very quickly saturated with a bad one. -- Henry Ford
Vote for the next Miss USA...  #VEGASusa11 #MissUSA
Got the endorsement of Brian France and @NASCAR yesterday in Georgia. Also many of the sports great drivers. Thank you Nascar and Georgia!
Donald Trump backs 'Apprentice' Randal Pinkett for N.J. Lieutenant Governor: 
President Obama's "Arab Spring" is not looking so good right now!
Early this year Harley-Davidson said they would move much of their plant operations in Kansas City to Thailand. That was long before Tariffs were announced. Hence they were just using Tariffs/Trade War as an excuse. Shows how unbalanced &amp; unfair trade is but we will fix it.....
James Comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!
Coronavirus: In addition to screening travelers “prior to boarding” from certain designated high risk countries or areas within those countries they will also be screened when they arrive in America. Thank you! @VP @SecAzar @CDCgov @CDCDirector
I have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. $50 million loan. I have totally terminated the loan!
Results are what matter. The bottom line is clearly the bottom line. --Think Like a Champion
I own @DannyZuker but he has his friends &amp; haters &amp; losers tweeting that he beat me. He can’t beat me at anything!
After a ten year search the so-called “mastermind” of the Mumbai Terror attacks has been arrested in Pakistan. Great pressure has been exerted over the last two years to find him!
....top of the FBI. Brennan started this entire debacle about President Trump. We now know that Brennan had detailed knowledge of the (phony) Dossier...he knows about the Dossier he denies knowledge of the Dossier he briefs the Gang of 8 on the Hill about the Dossier which....
A-Rod @Yankees had hip surgery &amp; will be out 6 months. Do you notice all the “druggies” have bad hips.
Terrible jobs report just reported. Only 38000 jobs added. Bombshell!
Great day in Kentucky with Wayne LaPierre Chris Cox &amp; the @NRA! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Buy the book and give Liz some Great Reviews! @OANN 
Reminder: The Miss Universe competition will be LIVE from the Bahamas - Tonight @ 9pm (EST) on NBC: 
Dopey @chicagotribune critic fails to mention the ugly Sun Times sign.
“From a Turkish prison to the White House in 24 hours.”  Kristin Fisher of @FoxNews   Very cool!
Via @AmSpec by Jeffrey Lord: “New Obama Scandal Erupts: Trump Targeted” 
If I would have done the last debate a record would have been set (instead of the poor ratings recieved). Also VETS got $6000000.
Jon Huntsman called to see me. I said no he gave away our country to China! @JonHuntsman
.....Now if you really want to fix the Crisis at the Southern Border both humanitarian and otherwise tell migrants not to come into our country unless they are willing to do so legally and hopefully through a system based on Merit. This way we have no problems at all!
In ’08 America voted for Hope &amp; Change.  Instead we got incompetency.  Now it is time to put a real job creator in office. Vote 4 Mitt!
On rugged Aberdeenshire coastline@TrumpScotland’s Par 72 course is 7400 picturesque yds. threaded through dunes 
Who do you like of the final two? #CelebApprentice 
INTELLIGENCE INSIDERS NOW CLAIM THE TRUMP DOSSIER IS "A COMPLETE FRAUD!"  @OANN
#500Days of American Greatness:  
The addition of the iconic Doral Resort to the Trump portfolio is one of the most exciting transactions 
If Hillary thinks she can unleash her husband with his terrible record of women abuse while playing the women's card on me she's wrong!
....sound horrible an me sound guilty. HE WAS DESPERATE AND HE GOT CAUGHT. Adam Schiff therefore lied to Congress and attempted to defraud the American Public. He has been doing this for two years. I am calling for him to immediately resign from Congress based on this fraud!
Wow even I didn’t realize we did so much. Wish the Fake News would report! Thank you. 
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama bought his house with the help of Tony Rezko.
I look forward to being in South Carolina tomorrow a total sellout crowd!
I got NATO countries to pay 530 Billion Dollars a year more and the U.S. less and came home to a Fake News Media that mocked me. Didn’t think that was possible!
Democrats are trying to bail out insurance companies from disastrous #ObamaCare and Puerto Rico with your tax dollars. Sad!
....care how many lives the ruin. These are Angry People including the highly conflicted Bob Mueller who worked for Obama for 8 years. They won’t even look at all of the bad acts and crimes on the other side. A TOTAL WITCH HUNT LIKE NO OTHER IN AMERICAN HISTORY!
On Taxes: “This is the biggest corporate rate cut ever going back to the corporate income tax rate of roughly 80 years ago.This is a huge pro-growth stimulus for the economy. Every year the Obama WH overstated how the economy would grow. Now real economics and jobs.” @WSJ Report
Such a great honor! 
The Gridiron Dinner last night was great fun. I am accomplishing a lot in Washington and have never had a better time doing something and especially since this is for the American People!
Thank you Orlando Florida! We are just six days away from delivering justice for every forgotten man woman and ch… 
To the incredible citizens of North Carolina South Carolina and the entire East Coast - the storm looks very bad! Please take all necessary precautions. We have already began mobilizing our assets to respond accordingly and we are here for you! 
Thank you Pennsylvania! Going to New Hampshire now and on to Michigan. Watch PA rally here:  
I make good deals. That's what I do. I would make great deals for our country. - my @SRQRepublicans speech
Looking forward to IA &amp; WI with Gov. Pence tomorrow. Join us! # 
Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on @SquawkCNBC 7:30 AM. Tune in!
“Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men.” – Pres. John F. Kennedy
Great day in Virginia. Crowd was fantastic!
...the look of turmoil in the White House of which there is none. I view much of the media as simply an arm of the Democrat Party. They are corrupt and they are extremely upset at how well our Country is doing under MY Leadership including...
It is becoming more and more obvious that the Radical Democrats are a Party of open borders and crime. They want nothing to do with the major Humanitarian Crisis on our Southern Border. #2020!
Terrible attacks in NY NJ and MN this weekend. Thinking of victims their families and all Americans! We need to be strong!
People are coming from far and wide to join us today and tonight for what is turning out to be one of the biggest celebrations in the history of our Country SALUTE TO AMERICA an all day event at the Lincoln Memorial culminating with large scale flyovers of the most modern.....
Fake News is reporting that I am talking to Mark Burnett about doing a big show perhaps The Apprentice after the presidency which I would assume they mean in 5 years. This is not true never had such a conversation don’t even have time to think about it. False reporting!
Today it was an honor to have @UNSecretary-General @AntonioGuterres at the @WhiteHouse. Speaking for the U.S.A. we appreciate all you do! 
.@georgewillf is perhaps the most boring political pundit on television. Got thrown off ABC like a dog. At Mar-a-Lago he was a total bust!
.@eagles should sit Michael Vick. He is a great athlete but less than average quarterback.
My Stock Market gains must be judged from the day after the Election November 9 2016 where the Market went up big after the win and because of the win. Had my opponent won CRASH!
Via The Hill: Trump Tops National Poll for Second Straight Week  
Via @NewsInTheBurg: “@chefjoseandres to open restaurant in Trump Int’l Washington D.C.” 
Oppressive regimes cannot endure forever and the day will come when the Iranian people will face a choice. The world is watching! 
Thank you to Time Magazine and Financial Times for naming me "Person of the Year" - a great honor!
Ivanka Trump will be interviewed on @foxandfriends.
SCARY-$6T in debt and $1T annual budget deficits later @BarackObama is asking for more time to fix the economy 
He was quick to issue an apology on behalf of America to Karzai. Why won't he release the letter? @BarackObama 
.@MittRomney &amp; @PaulRyanVP get what needs to be done to reign in China. @BarackObama gets kicked around by the Chinese.
The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection available @Macys offers this fall’s top styles in ties shirts &amp; suits  
More radical Islam attacks today - it never ends! Strengthen the borders we must be vigilant and smart. No more being politically correct.
....for the most ridiculous claim of all that Russia Russia Russia or Russian oligarchs co-signed loan documents for me a guarantee. Totally false as is virtually everything else he and much of the rest of the LameStream Media has said about me for years. ALL APOLOGIZE!
In the last 2 weeks I had $35M of negative ads against me in Florida &amp; I won in a massive landslide.The establishment should save their $$!
I'll be signing copies of my new book @TimeToGetTough tomorrow at Trump Tower (5th Avenue between 56 and 57) from noon to 2pm.
To be in charge you have to take responsibility you have to instill confidence. It’s like being a conductor--set the tempo.
Goofy political pundit George Will spoke at Mar-a-Lago years ago. I didn’t attend because he’s boring &amp; often wrong—a total dope!
Obama &amp; his people did a brilliant job of delaying these scandals until after the election. Mitt must be going wild thinking about it!
Plagiarism charge against Sleepy Joe Biden on his ridiculous Climate Change Plan is a big problem but the Corrupt Media will save him. His other problem is that he is drawing flies not people to his Rallies. Nobody is showing up I mean nobody. You can’t win without people!
“The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.” – Vince Lombardi
The last thing we need is another Bush in the White House. Would be the same old thing (remember "read my lips no more taxes"). GREATNESS!
Thank you New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPrimary #VoteTrumpNH  Voting questions?  
Collusion is not a crime but that doesn’t matter because there was No Collusion (except by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats)!
.@FrankLuntz is a total clown. Has zero credibility!  @FoxNews  @megynkelly
Would love to send the NYC terrorist to Guantanamo but statistically that process takes much longer than going through the Federal system...
Entrepreneurs:  Keep your momentum. Without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
On this solemn day of remembrance we can all take joy in the fact that Bin Laden's last sight was a Navy SEAL pulling the trigger.
President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!
Hope and Change? Job numbers down. Time for @MittRomney
CLINTON’S CLOSE TIES TO PUTIN DESERVE SCRUTINY: #VPDebate
Just found out that @tedcruz is spending a fortune on Iowa push polls negative to me. Not nice but OK! New polls are great.
“The President has received glowing reviews from the British Media. Here at home not so much. MSNBC Ramps up hateful coverage and promotes conspiracy theories during Trump’s trip to Europe.”  @seanhannity  The good news is that @maddow is dying in the ratings along with @CNN!
I had a call today with Prime Minister Netanyahu to discuss the possibility of moving forward with a Mutual Defense Treaty between the United States and Israel that would further anchor the tremendous alliance....
Don't forget the Miss USA Pageant live on Sunday night at 9 pm ET on NBC. And you can vote for your favorite beauty! 
I will be interviewed on Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 9:00 A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on location). Will be tough but good!
Hillary Clinton's open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all Americans - and make everyone less safe.

We should have gotten more of the oil in Syria and we should have gotten more of the oil in Iraq. Dumb leaders.
Today I signed the Holocaust Remembrance Proclamation:  #ICYMI- My statement last night at… 
If @AndrewGillum did the same job with Florida that he has done in Tallahassee as Mayor the State will be a crime ridden overtaxed mess. @RonDeSantisFL will be a great Governor. VOTE!!!!!!
Some good news for New York – Weiner has dropped 12 points in the polls &amp; that is before more of the pervert’s old texts are released.
Thank you Brock – it is my honor!“We (@FEMA) have never had the support that we have had from this President.” Administrator @FEMA_Brock
“Trump: Illegal Immigrants Are Getting Treated Better than Vets”    via @nro by @AndrewE_Johnson
Workers of firm involved with the discredited and Fake Dossier take the 5th. Who paid for it Russia the FBI or the Dems (or all)?
Via @InverurieHerald: "Trump’s new course plans on display" 
Via @BreitbartNews by @NolteNC: "DONALD TRUMP SURGES TO COMMANDING LEAD IN POST-MCCAIN BACKLASH POLL" 
“Let other people talk.  Any business conversation should be two-sided.” – Think Like a Billionaire
Why doesn't President Obama call upon the NSA to fix the badly broken website-then they could spy on all of the many cheaters &amp; arrest them!
Before Nancy who has lost all control of Congress and is getting nothing done decides to defend her leader Rep. Omar she should look at the anti-Semitic anti-Israel and ungrateful U.S. HATE statements Omar has made. She is out of control except for her control of Nancy!
Thank you Eric! 
He @BarackObama wants record high gas prices--drilling permits on federal land are declining under his regime 
Remember new "environment friendly"  lightbulbs can cause cancer. Be careful-- the idiots who came up with this stuff don't care.
.@bobbyjindal watched you on @TeamCavuto. Made some excellent points. Best Wishes.
Only 1 mill. dollars @mcuban? Offer me real money and I’d consider it. Your team and networks lose so much money I doubt you have much left!
I agree with him on this 100%. But why would anyone vote Democrat? We are setting all time records with the economy! 
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
The true question for the @UN...🎥
On this Memorial Day holiday we honor our fallen soldiers who have made the greatest sacrifice for freedom. They are our country’s finest.
“Be tough be smart be personable but don’t take things personally. That’s good business.” – Think Like a Champion
We are simultaneously fighting the Fake News Media and their partner the Democrat Party. Always tough to beat the “Press” but people are beginning to see how totally CORRUPT they are and it makes our job a whole lot easier!
I have proven to be far more correct about terrorism than anybody- and it’s not even close. Hopefully AZ and UT will be voting for me today!
I'll be making a major announcement on President Obama next week--stay tuned!
It is great to meet fellow patriots at the #TimeToGetTough book signings. Can't wait to meet more today at Trump Tower from 12PM to 2PM
A brave former fighter jet pilot and warrior Senator Martha McSally of Arizona has done an outstanding job in D.C. and is fully supportive of our agenda – she is with us all the way....
1/5 households is on food stamps  We must do better. Americans need to have a work ethic.
I hope @boyscouts of America handle their problems a lot better than the board at Penn State did. You can't do any worse!
FEMA has been told directly by me to give the A Plus treatment to the Great State of Alabama and the wonderful people who have been so devastated by the Tornadoes. @GovernorKayIvey one of the best in our Country has been so informed. She is working closely with FEMA (and me!).
.@Graeme_McDowell  You are the toughest guy there is. If you were a boxer you’d be the champ. Great going!
The California Fire Fighters FEMA and  First Responders are amazing and very brave. Thank you and God Bless you all!
Rev. Graham made a critical point. @BarackObama has turned a blind eye to the Christians being persecuted in (cont) 
Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. Many missing!
Border Patrol Agents are not allowed to properly do their job at the Border because of ridiculous liberal (Democrat) laws like Catch &amp; Release. Getting more dangerous. “Caravans” coming. Republicans must go to Nuclear Option to pass tough laws NOW. NO MORE DACA DEAL!
Isn't it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else me still must fight
Reverend Wright was dumped like a dog by @BarackObama--he can't be feeling too good.
Irrelevant clown @KarlRove sweats and shakes nervously on @FoxNews as he talks "bull" about me. Has zero cred. Made fool of himself in '12.
Governor Rick Scott of Florida did really poorly on television this morning. I hope he is O.K.
The world is at war with a hidden enemy. WE WILL WIN! 
I will be on @oreillyfactor tonight interview with Bill O'Reilly on @FoxNews at 8 p.m. repeated at 11 p.m.
ICYMI-- "@MELANIATRUMP               Reading newspapers and see...  #BillyGraham95 #happybirthday  @BillyGraham 
When you see “anonymous source” stop reading the story it is fiction!
For the record I have no financial interests in Saudi Arabia (or Russia for that matter). Any suggestion that I have is just more FAKE NEWS (of which there is plenty)!
#TrumpVlog Why are we the sad suckers? 
The case of Major Mathew Golsteyn is now under review at the White House. Mathew is a highly decorated Green Beret who is being tried for killing a Taliban bombmaker. We train our boys to be killing machines then prosecute them when they kill! @PeteHegseth
#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou 
I told you so a long time ago: Iraq just lost second largest city as their soldiers drop their guns and run. Only the beginning!  OIL.
A.G. Lynch made law enforcement decisions for political purposes...gave Hillary Clinton a free pass and protection. Totally illegal!
A great victory in Scotland ...   
Speech transcript at Arab Islamic American Summit ➡️ ➡️ #POTUSAbroad
Flashback from October 2013: “Donald Trump demands larger iPhone screen”  You’re welcome! Apple listened.
Thank you to Eli Lake of The Bloomberg View - "The NSA &amp; FBI...should not interfere in our politics...and is" Very serious situation for USA
I will be going to Trump Links at Ferry Point for the official opening of this long delayed  (but future NYC treasure) course. Great job "D"
Isn’t it Ironic? Getting ready to go to the G-7 in Canada to fight for our country on Trade (we have the worst trade deals ever made) then off to Singapore to meet with North Korea &amp; the Nuclear Problem...But back home we still have the 13 Angry Democrats pushing the Witch Hunt!
“Look how they’re acting now and how we act when we’re in the majority. What the Democrats are doing is an abuse of power. They couldn’t find anything...they took a Fake Dossier &amp; couldn’t find any Collusion. Now they have a fake witness in Cohen.” Congressman Mark Green (R-TN).
My new book #TimeToGetTough is the best present of the holiday season. A great gift for anyone who cares about this country.
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning.
“My advice to you regarding momentum is definitive: Get yours going!” – Think Like a Champion
Thank you Warwick Rhode Island!#RIPrimary #VoteTrump  
Thank you Louisiana! #Trump2016#SuperSaturday
My motto is: ‘Never give up.’ I follow this very strictly. I do not let problems and challenges stop me; they are normal.
Jailed USMC Sgt Andrew Tahmooressi should be released immediately. Since when does Mexico care about border security?#BringBackOurMarine
“Consumer confidence pops in August to highest level since October 2000” 
China will be pumping money into their system and probably reducing interest rates as always in order to make up for the business they are and will be losing. If the Federal Reserve ever did a “match” it would be game over we win! In any event China wants a deal!
Great! But how do you know it was a “mistweet?” May be something with deep meaning! 
Governor Jerry Brown must allow the Free Flow of the vast amounts of water coming from the North and foolishly being diverted into the Pacific Ocean. Can be used for fires farming and everything else. Think of California with plenty of Water - Nice! Fast Federal govt. approvals.
A level will be reached where ObamaCare will be so out of control expensive and unwieldy that the biggest supporters will abandon ship.
Check out my most recent interview with CNN... 
Great article on so-called climate change formerly known as global warming. 
The Democrats are pushing for Universal HealthCare while thousands of people are marching in the UK because their U system is going broke and not working. Dems want to greatly raise taxes for really bad and non-personal medical care. No thanks!
....Therefore based on both Media &amp; Democrat Crazed and Irrational Hostility we will no longer consider Trump National Doral Miami as the Host Site for the G-7 in 2020. We will begin the search for another site including the possibility of Camp David immediately. Thank you!
Thank you @kevinomccarthy! 
.@AnnCoulter U were great last nite @ericbolling on FOX. Our country has become a dumping ground for the world--I'll get it to stop &amp; fast!
“There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty.” - Margaret Thatcher
Just returned from visiting our troops in Iraq and Germany. One thing is certain we have incredible people representing our Country - people that know how to win!
So make all Member Countries pay not just the United States! 
With so much talk about the Wall people are losing sight of the great job being done on our Southern Border by Border Patrol ICE and our great Military. Remember the Caravans? Well they didn’t get through and none are forming or on their way. Border is tight. Fake News silent!
The European Union wonderful countries who treat the U.S. very badly on trade are complaining about the tariffs on Steel &amp; Aluminum. If they drop their horrific barriers &amp; tariffs on U.S. products going in we will likewise drop ours. Big Deficit. If not we Tax Cars etc. FAIR!
100% Confirmed! 
Such a serious problem for Ted &amp; the GOP. Great doubt Dems will sue! Let's all work together to solve this problem. 
State Department has not revoked a single passport of ISIS Americans   We should send them to Gitmo for some R&amp;R.
Crooked Hillary Clinton said she is used to "dealing with men who get off the reservation." Actually she has done poorly with such men!
They will never do it! 
...They have been in our country for many years through no fault of their own - brought in by parents at young age. Plus BIG border security
It is expected that China will be buying large amounts of our agricultural products!
Congratulations to the $1B ObamaCare website on enrolling FOUR in Delaware. Cost to us - $4M   
Leaving for Turning Point USA. Will be speaking to some of the greatest and smartest young people on the planet. See you there!
Hope you like my nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the United States Supreme Court. He is a good and brilliant man respected by all.
Just arrived at Trump National Doral saying hello to all the great players. This place is amazing.Come Thursday &amp; see for yourselves!
If Obama has to re-fight this fight next year he loses  -- "Watch the fine details in every deal" -- The Art of the Deal
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something sometime in your life. -- Winston Churchill
Today both @BarackObama and @MittRomney are giving speeches on their economic policies in Ohio. The choice is (cont) 
Weak &amp; ineffective @JebBush is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!
Located in Central Park the iconic @TrumpRink is NYC’s top skating rink. VIP sessions are available for booking 
#CelebrityApprentice Who will win?  Find out tonight- live Season Finale at 9PM ET on NBC.
Amazing how the Fake News never covers this. No Interest on Student Loans. The Dems are just talk! 
“I haven’t seen any Democrats down here at the Border working with us or asking to speak to any of us. They have an open invitation. We are getting overrun our facilities are overcapacity. We are at an emergency crisis.” Art Del Cueto National Border Patrol Council.
My @TeamCavuto int. on simplifying the tax code our incompetent leaders Iran and making America great again 
Our country is being run by total amateurs. Let’s just call it “amateur hour.”
A bad manager such as @BarackObama will continually be plagued by scandals.    Leadership starts at the top.
For last minute shopping my new book #TimeToGetTough is a great choice...
Entrepreneurs:  Keep your momentum. Without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
So true! 
.@KarlRove stated clearly that he wants to repeal the 2nd Amendment. I thought @FoxNews was going to fire that jerk after his Romney fiasco?
Entrepreneurs: Be ready for problems--you'll have them every day. Keep open to new ideas--that's where innovation begins.
The Wall is being built after victories against the Democrats in various courts! 
I will be interviewed on @greta at 7:00 P.M. Enjoy! @FoxNews
Congratulations to Josh Hawley on your big Senate Primary win in Missouri. I look forward to working with you toward a big win in November. We need you in Washington!
Why are we continuing to train these Afghanis who then shoot our soldiers in the back? Afghanistan is a complete waste. Time to come home!
Thank you! 
Obama was very disloyal to Wisconsin Democrats. @BarackObama never showed up to help them even though he (cont) 
Thank you Illinois! #SuperTuesday #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
If a conservative Republican made the mistake that Mrs. Obama just made by calling Braley by the wrong name it would be the biggest story!
Obama should stop talking about wind turbines--they are a disaster for a country or community &amp; are very expensive &amp; unreliable.
Find out where to #VoteTrump on caucus night in Iowa on 2/1/16!#IACaucus #FITN #Trump2016  
Via @Law360: “Trump’s $200M Old Post Office Project Gets Early Approval” 
Hope the FDA can approve Mask Sterilization equipment ASAP. As per Governor @MikeDeWine there is a company in Ohio @Battelle which has equipment that can sterilize masks quickly.
If Obama wins it is the end of the Republican party. -- @limbaugh
I am in Milwaukee Wisconsin for meetings. Soon to leave for a big groundbreaking for Foxconn which is building a great new electronics plant in Wisconsin. 15000 Jobs so great!
“Learn work and think in equal proportions and you’ll be going in the right direction.” – Think Like a Champion
..Ryan died on a winning mission ( according to General Mattis) not a "failure." Time for the U.S. to get smart and start winning again!
So the highly overrated anchor @megynkelly is allowed to constantly say bad things about me on her show but I can't fight back? Wrong!
Keep talking about me: use #TrumpRoast to tweet about how good I look on @ComedyCentral tonight at 10:30/9:30c  
“Clapper lied about (fraudulent) Dossier leaks to CNN” @foxandfriends FoxNews  He is a lying machine who now works for Fake News CNN.
Fake News! 
.@KieranLalor  I created far more jobs and success in Dutchess than you--you should be "Fired."
In order to stop the Ebola outbreak in Africa perhaps the President should put all Africans on ObamaCare rather than sending the troops!
Entrepreneurs: Be a cautious optimist. I call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
Thank you for the nice words this morning @KellyRiddell. Well delivered and totally logical! @CNN   @FoxNews
Best January for the DOW in over 30 years. We have by far the strongest economy in the world!
Huma calls it a "MESS" the rest of us call it CORRUPT! WikiLeaks catches Crooked in the act - again.#DrainTheSwamp 
The Washington Post is a Fact Checker only for the Democrats. For the Republicans and for your all time favorite President it is a Fake Fact Checker!
Democrats slam GOP healthcare proposal as Obamacare premiums &amp; deductibles increase by over 100%. Remember keep your doctor keep your plan?
Lots of pressure on Obama tonight--even more than A-Rod. If he doesn't perform well it could be over.
The stimulus "is a net negative effect on the growth of GDP over 10 years" --as admitted by @BarackObama's own CBO 
.@MichelleMalkin would be nothing without being on the @seanhannity show.  I don’t see what Sean sees in her—loser!
Great working breakfast this morning with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson at the Hôtel du Palais in Biarritz France! #G7Biarritz 
Dee Dee Sorvino @deedeegop I am betting on Trump
I can't believe no one has been fired over the ObamaCare website fiasco!
Via @nypost by @StarrMSS: “Trump: @ApprenticeNBC contestants ‘the meanest by far’” 
The United States will impose large sanctions on Turkey for their long time detainment of Pastor Andrew Brunson a great Christian family man and wonderful human being. He is suffering greatly. This innocent man of faith should be released immediately!
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower New York has the perfect Manhattan location &amp; @jeangeorges is the signature restaurant. 
This is a terrific day for downtown New York. Trump SoHo is unlike anything else. Be sure to visit this fantastic hotel soon!
Seems to be the next election must be about jobs and gas prices--not birth control.
Thank you New Mexico! # 
Brooks Koepka just won his third Golf Major and he did it not only with his powerful game but with his powerful mind. He has been a man of steel on the Tour and will have many Victories including Majors ahead of him. Congrats to Brooks and his great team on a job well done!
An aerial shot of Jacksonville crowd yesterday! I may as well show you because the media won't. #Trump2016 

A sad day for America with Snowden being granted asylum in Russia.  Putin is laughing at Obama.
UL has lost all credibility under Joe McQuaid w circulation dropping to record lows. They aren't worthy of representing the great people NH.
NBC News just called it the great freeze - coldest weather in years. Is our country still spending money on the GLOBAL WARMING HOAX?
.@GMA at 7:00 A.M.
Entrepreneurs: Learn to trust yourself. Being an entrepreneur is not a group effort.
Look so forward to being with my great friends in INDIA! 
Statement on Relationship with NBC- 
The Democrats continue to Obstruct the confirmation of hundreds of good and talented people who are needed to run our government...A record in U.S. history. State Department Ambassadors and many others are being slow walked. Senate must approve NOW!
.@JebBush like it or not our country needs more energy and spirit than you can provide! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@lisarinna is the last lady standing in All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. Watch out men she’s sharp and tough.
Great day in North Carolina where Republicans will do very well!
Congratulations to my friend @limbaugh on being named to the "Hall of Famous Missourians." Rush is a great guy &amp; a great character.
A fighter and champion GREAT! 
If the @yankees can somehow beat Verlander tonight then they can still salvage the series. And I will go to games 6&amp; 7 so they will win!
I hope everyone or rather almost everyone had a GREAT EASTER! We need our leaders to make great and wise decisions in these troubled times

I know you will enjoy reading my tax plan-  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Was just briefed by @FEMA_Brock and @SecretaryZinke who are in California. Thank you to the great Firefighters First Responders and @FEMA for the incredible job they are doing w/ the California Wildfires. Our Nation appreciates your heroism courage &amp; genius. God Bless you all!
Numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished VOTER FRAUD PANEL. What are they trying to hide?
Go to @greta show - will be talking about OPO and plenty else - ENJOY!
3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down. As I said from the beginning let ObamaCare implode then deal. Watch!
“The Obama people did something that’s never been done...They spied on a rival presidential campaign. Would it be OK if Trump did it next? I am losing faith that our system is on the level. I’m beginning to think it is rotten &amp; corrupt. Scary stuff Obama did.” @TuckerCarlson  DOJ
Our clubhouse facility &amp; suites in Ireland @LodgeatDoonbeg  #TrumpIreland   
The Never Trumper Republicans though on respirators with not many left are in certain ways worse and more dangerous for our Country than the Do Nothing Democrats. Watch out for them they are human scum!
.....The Penalty Tariffs set for December 15th will not be charged because of the fact that we made the deal. We will begin negotiations on the Phase Two Deal immediately rather than waiting until after the 2020 Election. This is an amazing deal for all. Thank you!
The USA! 
Just terrible! #Oscars
My interview with @RealMichaelKay discussing why A-Rod should be fired from @yankees &amp; how to terminate his contract 
Obama &amp; Democrat leaders did a great disservice by releasing the papers on torture. The world is laughing at us—they think we are fools!
“Today's put-off objectives reduce tomorrow's achievements.” - Henry Banks
Will be on @Morning_Joe at 6:30 A.M.
It would be so easy to fix our weak and very stupid Democrat inspired immigration laws. In less than one hour and then a vote the problem would be solved. But the Dems don’t care about the crime they don’t want any victory for Trump and the Republicans even if good for USA!
I am very excited about hosting @MittRomney today for a fundraiser. Looking forward to seeing @newtgingrich and many other friends.
Capitalism requires capital. When government robs capital from investors through high taxes it takes away the (cont)  18:52:43,217,36,false,190875180053180417Twitter Web Client,@BarackObama who wants to raise all our taxes only pays 20.5% on $790k salary.  Do as I say not as I do.,04-13-2012 18:19:39,2535,1520,false,190866856624668672Twitter Web Client,If @BarackObama's policies are so advantageous then why is he constantly invoking Ronald Reagan on the Stump?  18:03:28,86,10,false,190862783158554626Twitter Web Client,U.S. jobless claims are at a 2 month high. @BarackObama's gas policy and ObamaCare are directly killing jobs.,04-13-2012 17:46:21,92,5,false,190858475709014016Twitter Web Client,One of the simplest joys of life is golf. A great game to both play and watch.,04-13-2012 17:13:51,343,49,false,190850296640057344Twitter Web Client,Now @BarackObama's Vice-Chief of Joint Staff is defending China while they cheat   Wrong course of action.,04-13-2012 17:08:20,42,4,false,190848909659226112Twitter Web Client,Many many people are thanking me for what I said about @autism & vaccinations. Something must be done immediately.,04-13-2012 16:00:02,358,203,false,190831719509786624TwitLonger Beta,Many countries are cutting back big time on ugly industrial wind turbines. The energy is very inefficient & (cont)  15:46:37,57,8,false,190828344244305920Twitter Web Client,The Celebrity Apprentice delivers the goods--and the puppets-- Sunday at 9 pm on NBC  14:36:31,18,4,false,190810703484026881Twitter Web Client,I'll be on @foxandfriends at 7:30 AM Monday,04-13-2012 13:51:02,21,5,false,190799255710072832Twitter Web Client,Attention to detail is critical; choose scents that exude sophistication & confidence. Find out more 4/18 5:30 pm @Macys Herald Square.,04-13-2012 13:32:11,39,15,false,190794513743233024TwitLonger Beta,Excited to see that @AnnDRomney has joined twitter. Melania and I are looking forward to hosting her next week (cont)  18:18:33,40,11,false,190504192195043328Twitter Web Client,He @FLGovScott handled the Zimmerman matter very well. I am glad to see there will be a trial. Justice. Now let's wait for a fair trial.,04-12-2012 17:51:07,63,9,false,190497288282587136Twitter Web Client,It's Thursday how much $ has @BarackObama wasted today?,04-12-2012 17:39:44,472,56,false,190494422440476672TwitLonger Beta,I’ve gotten many letters from people fighting autism thanking me for stating how dangerous 38 vaccines on a (cont)  17:08:40,158,28,false,190486606984134656TwitLonger Beta,Beyond eliminating the wasteful spending we need to get tough in cracking down on the hundreds of billions of (cont) 
.@Macys stock just dropped. Interesting. So many people calling to say they are cutting up their @Macys credit card. Thank you!
“A Very Stable Genius!” Thank you.
I would like to wish all fathers even the haters and losers a very happy Fathers Day.
Busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security. Top executives coming in at 9:00 A.M. to talk manufacturing in America.
When will we see @BarackObama's passport records (sealed)?
We look forward to making the Old Post Office in DC one of the great hotels of the World. 
NEVER forget our HEROES held prisoner or who have gone missing in action while serving their country.Proclamation:  
Had a very good talk with President Xi of China concerning our giant Trade Deal. China has already started large scale purchaes of agricultural product &amp; more. Formal signing being arranged. Also talked about North Korea where we are working with China &amp; Hong Kong (progress!).
Richard Trumka the head of the AFL-CIO represented his union poorly on television this weekend. Some of the things he said were so against the working men and women of our country and the success of the U.S. itself that it is easy to see why unions are doing so poorly. A Dem!
The UK has run out of money and can't afford to borrow.  Neither can we but that doesn't stop @BarackObama.
Many great business campaigns at @fundanything  Great way to support small upstarts.
Central America's tallest building @TrumpPanama’s sleek design evokes a majestic sail fully deployed in the wind 
Heading to Moon Township Pennsylvania to be with a really good person State Representative Rick Saccone who is running for Congress. Big &amp; happy crowd (why not some of the best economic numbers ever). Rick will help me a lot. Also tough on crime &amp; border. Loves 2nd A &amp; VETS
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles will be the host in October for the @PGAGrandSlam. 
...conquests how brave he was and it was all a lie. He cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child. Now he judges collusion?
#CelebApprentice We had lots of fun last night with the live tweeting so I will do it again tonight from 8-10pm.
Thank you Redding California!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #CAPrimary 
Derek Jeter’s rehab assignment is progressing on schedule. He's a true @Yankees captain. Look forward to seeing him back on the field
.@THEGaryBusey survives another week of All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. Gary is shifty and playing to win.
.@AP and @HuffingtonPost should change their fraudulent story to say THAT I DROPPED @NBC &amp; The Apprentice to run for President!
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Life always presents new opportunities you would never expect. I hosted @WrestleMania &amp; then I starred in one which sold most PPVs.

Senator Thom Tillis of North Carolina has really stepped up to the plate. Thom is tough on Crime Strong on the Border and fights hard against Illegal Immigration. He loves our Military our Vets and our great Second Amendment. I give Thom my Full and Total Endorsement!
Today @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome French President @EmmanuelMacron and Mrs. Brigitte Macron to the @WhiteHouse. We look forward to hosting them at tonight's State Dinner in their honor. 
“MSNBC'S TOURÉ HAS EPIC RACE-BAITING MELTDOWN ON CNN”  It's Toure's modus operandi. He is so angry.
It was an honor to welcome @GLFOP to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence &amp; Attorney General Sessions. THANK YOU fo… 
I watch and listen to the Fake News CNN MSDNC ABC NBC CBS some of FOX (desperately &amp; foolishly pleading to be politically correct) the @nytimes &amp; the @washingtonpost and all I see is hatred of me at any cost. Don’t they understand that they are destroying themselves?
Chinese President XI JINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of North Korea. President XI told me he appreciates that the U.S. is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative. China continues to be helpful!
“Trump: Rove Gave Us Obama”  via @cnsnews
Will be going to the Great State of West Virginia on Tuesday Night to campaign &amp; do a Rally Speech for a hard working and spectacular person A.G. Patrick Morrisey who is running for the U.S. Senate. Patrick has great Energy &amp; Stamina-I need his VOTE to MAGA. Total Endorsement!
Thank you @FranklinGraham. It is a time of “shame” for our Country. The Democrats know what they are doing is wrong! 
Good luck to @joniernst. You will make a wonderful Senator.
Obama is now warning North Korea on the Yongbyon nuclear reactor  After Syria our enemies are laughing!
They succeed because they think they can. -- Virgil
Why is  crude oil priced at $86/Barrel?  OPEC is  ripping us off. Not worth $30/Barrel.  America needs new leaders.
Illegal immigration is a wrecking ball aimed at US taxpayers. Washington needs to get tough and fight for "W… (cont) 
New @OANN national poll released. Thank you America! #Trump2016 
MARK LEVIN ON IMPEACHMENT HYSTERIA! 
“The Media’s Mueller Meltdown” @JesseBWatters 
China the European Union and others have been manipulating their currencies and interest rates lower while the U.S. is raising rates while the dollars gets stronger and stronger with each passing day - taking away our big competitive edge. As usual not a level playing field...
“The American people are going to see this for what it is. It is a political effort by the Democrats and the President certainly doesn’t have to aid in the Impeachment effort.” Robert Ray @MariaBartiromo  Democrats are getting “killed” in their home districts. 2020!
My @foxandfriends interview discussing Pres. Obama’s inauguration @GOP debt plan &amp; @CelebApprentice #1 branding 
Whitey Bulger’s prosecution starts today.  Will be one of the most interesting and intriguing trials.
It was so great being in Nebraska last week. Today is the big day--get out and vote!
New ad concerning lightweight Senator Marco Rubio: 
...At the same time go through a worst-case scenario but keep it short.  Focus on your goal—look at the solution not the problem.
Re negotiation: Know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself. Think about what the other side wants and where they're coming from.
Today I am standing with patriots in Arizona for border security! Build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again! 
....and Taylor dismissing everybody involved from the Obama holdover days trying to undermine Trump getting rid of those people dismissing them this is what it looks like. It was never going to be claen they were never going to sit by idly and just let Trump do this!” Rush L
Thank you Grand Rapids Michigan! #ICYMI- watch:  
Great new book: “The Case For Trump” by Victor Davis Hanson Hoover Senior Fellow.
On my way to Iowa- just received new national poll numbers. Thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Without the ILLEGAL Witch Hunt my poll numbers especially because of our historically “great” economy would be at 65%. Too bad! The greatest Hoax in American History.
Senator John Cornyn has done an outstanding job for the people of Texas. He is strong on Crime the Border the Second Amendment and loves our Military and Vets. John has my complete and total endorsement. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.@marcthiessen  “Voters say the Democrats are trying to take away their votes. Pelosi was right the first time. Impeachment has backfired thoroughly on the Democrats. How can you Impeach the President for going to the courts?”
Nancy Pelosi just said that she is interested in lowering prescription drug prices &amp; working on the desperately needed USMCA. She is incapable of working on either. It is just camouflage for trying to win an election through impeachment. The Do Nothing Democrats are stuck in mud!
.....with a President and Federal Government that wants our wonerful City and State to flourish and thrive. I Love New York!
I look very much forward to meeting w/Paul Ryan &amp; the GOP Party Leadership on Thurs in DC. Together we will beat the Dems at all levels!
“Trump’s foreign policy is actually boosting America’s standing” 
Watch @BarackObama admit Obamacare is a TAX  The GOP must continue to Disrupt Dismantle &amp; Repeal!
....VERY stupidly negotiated Trade Deals and Illegal Immigration are a tremendous cost and burden to our Country. They are BOTH coming along very well and someday in the not too distant future America will see a very positive change. Remember America First!
If you are a young entrepreneur just entering the business world I highly recommend that you read "The Art of (cont) 
Congratulations to @RobinRoberts on celebrating 100 days in her bone marrow transplant recovery.  Robin is a special person.
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.
Via @fitsnews by @TaylahhKane:"Donald Trump’s Refreshing Lack Of A Filter" 
SOMETIMES YOUR BEST INVESTMENTS ARE THE ONES YOU DON'T MAKE!
The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration not the Trump Administration. Why didn’t they do something about it especially when it was reported that President Obama was informed by the FBI in September before the Election?
Final #'s just announced in the GREAT State of MO. TRUMP WINS! New certified #'s show a 365 vote increase for me- @ least 12 more delegates!
Have a happy successful and healthy New Year!
The Democrats lost so BIG today. Their Party is in shambles right now...
ALWAYS BORROW MONEY FROM A PESSIMIST BECAUSE HE WILL NEVER EXPECT IT TO BE PAID BACK!
I will be live tweeting during the @ApprenticeNBC tonight at 9PM ET.
TODAY IS A NATIONAL DAY OF PRAYER. GOD BLESS EVERYONE!
I'm urging my friends in Brooklyn to vote for Bob Turner tomorrow--send @barackobama a message.
Entrepreneurs: Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. Make your work count.
It is my great honor to welcome Prime Minister @GiuseppeConteIT of Italy to the @WhiteHouse! Join us at 2:00pmE for our joint press conference:  
People ask me every day to pose for pictures but the camera never works the first time--they are never prepared or maybe just very nervous!
“The recusal of Jeff Sessions was an unforced betrayal of the President of the United States.” JOE DIGENOVA former U.S. Attorney.
The real story on Collusion is in Donna B's new book. Crooked Hillary bought the DNC &amp; then stole the Democratic Primary from Crazy Bernie!
It is only the people that were never asked to be VP that tell the press that they will not take the position.
I have just lost my beautiful &amp; elegant long time exec. assistant  Norma Foerderer. She passed away yesterday – a truly magnificent woman.
Going to D.C. for big groundbreaking on Old Post Office site. Will be spectacular new hotel. Lots of jobs!
New business start-ups at the lowest level in 30 years and the EPA is now the Employment Prevention Agency. -- @bobmcdonnell
China's currency manipulation is one of our nation's greatest sovereign threats. The yuan has appreciated 40% against our dollar since 2005.
If the UN unilaterally grants the Palestinians statehood then the US should cut off all its funding. Actions have consequences.
Must read opinion piece by @Gallup CEO Jim Clifton: “The Big Lie: 5.6% Unemployment”  Just as I have long been saying…
....If at a later date Congress wants to update the law I will support those efforts but today’s issue is BORDER SECURITY and Crime!!! Don’t vote with Pelosi!
Needed: Leaders who negotiate smart trade deals.Only one knows The Art of The Deal. Let’s Make America Great Again! 
THANK YOU IOWA! Highly respected @OANN @GravisMarketing poll just released. #VoteTrump #IowaCaucus 
So now Crooked Hillary is at it again! She is calling Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard “a Russian favorite” and Jill Stein “a Russian asset.” As you may have heard I was called a big Russia lover also (actually I do like Russian people. I like all people!). Hillary’s gone Crazy!
Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president. Based on her decision making ability I can go along with that!
...contributions. The RNC is taking in far more $'s than the Dems and much of it by my wonderful small donors. I am working hard for them!
The Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats don’t want justice when pushing the Impeachment Hoax they only want to destabilize the Republican Party so they can do better in the 2020 election &amp; that includes the House &amp; Senate. They are playing with the people by taking it this far!
If you can’t focus with unyielding resolve then you will never be successful. Believe in yourself and you can accomplish your goals.
.@Toure I felt very sorry for you during your meltdown on @PiersMorgan. He drove you insane but of course Piers is a lot smarter than you
How the hell does the Libyan government get off telling our embassy security they can't have loaded guns for protection?!
Sometimes understanding other people's problems is the key to finding opportunities.  -- Midas Touch w/@atheRealKiyosaki
Where’s the Fake Whistleblower? Where’s Whistleblower number 2? Where’s the phony informer who got it all wrong?
The U.S. rocket that blew-up and crashed yesterday is emblematic of the United States under Obama. Nothing works be it a rocket or website.
Destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business - so give it a chance to work. - Think Like a Champion
....Order a couple of months ago saying that any school that does not uphold the First Amendment Rights of its students will lose Federal Funding. We have seen a huge change in how the Universities interact with us as a national &amp; local student organization. Our studends....

I never asked Comey to stop investigating Flynn. Just more Fake News covering another Comey lie!
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point is a Jack Nicklaus Signature Design 18 hole course just minutes from Manhattan 
The Democrats in the Southwest part of Virginia have been abandoned by their Party. Republican Ed Gillespie will never let you down!
I will NEVER allow our great Second Amendment to go unprotected not even a little bit!
HillaryClinton can illegally get the questions to the Debate &amp; delete 33000 emails but my son Don is being scorned by the Fake News Media?
WOW this is big stuff! 
Will be starting The White House news conference at 5:30 P.M. Eastern.
“Home Prices Reach New All-Time Highs in August” Read more:  
I will be in Palm Beach Jupiter and Miami today checking on big construction projects. I love Florida and love on time and on budget const
I was on  CNN last night with @ErinBurnett.
Rubio is weak on illegal immigration with the worst voting record in the U.S. Senate in many years. He will never MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The radical left tolerates no dissent it permits no opposition it accepts no compromise and it has absolutely no respect for the will of the American People. They are coming after me because I am fighting for YOU! #TrumpRallyDallas #KAG2020 
Obama's speech in Las Vegas yesterday cost the taxpayer $520 per word and over $1.6M    More money borrowed from China.
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art &amp; working is art &amp; good business is the best artAndy Warhol
.@Larry_Kudlow - 'Donald Trump Is the middle-class growth candidate'
All Democrats just raised their hands for giving millions of illegal aliens unlimited healthcare. How about taking care of American Citizens first!? That’s the end of that race!
The Economy is doing GREAT with tremendous upside potential! If the Fed would do what they should we are a Rocket upward!

Two stone cold losers from Amazon WP. Almost every story is a made up lie just like corrupt pol Shifty Schiff who fraudulently made up my call with Ukraine. Fiction! 
 @ZootmanTom                 @realDonaldTrump love your words of wisdom.  Merry Christmas &amp; happy new year  Thanks.
Prosecutorial Misconduct? 
Lyin’ Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help. So many New Yorkers devastated. Cruz hates New York!
The two big Congressional wins in North Carolina on Tuesday Dan Bishop and Greg Murphy have reverberated all over the World. They showed a lot of people how strong the Republican Party is and how well it is doing. 2020 is a big and very important Election. We will WIN!
Ashley Judd Targeted by @karlrove's Super PAC in Ad (Video) 
Thank you Florida! #Trump2016 
Get the vote out in California today for Rep. Kevin McCarthy and all of the great GOP candidates for Congress. Keep our country out of the hands of High Tax High Crime Nancy Pelosi.
The Fake News Media in particular the Failing @nytimes is writing phony and exaggerated accounts of the Border Detention Centers. First of all people should not be entering our Country illegally only for us to then have to care for them. We should be allowed to focus on .....
Very strong improvement and strengthening of background checks will be fully backed by White House. Legislation moving forward. Bump Stocks will soon be out. Highly trained expert teachers will be allowed to conceal carry subject to State Law. Armed guards OK deterrent!.......
The Clinton Campaign at Obama Justice #
Thank you @Samsung! We would love to have you! 
Congratulations to Bernie Marcus &amp; Herman Cain @JobCreatorsUSA on the #TruthTour2012--All employers need to check this out!
...addresses of any mentioned person who is still living. I am doing this for reasons of full disclosure transparency and...
Myself with mother and father at New York Military Academy. See I can be very military. High rank!… 
Looking at the figures and plans behind @Disney's acquisition of Lucas Film makes you realize how stupid @AOL (cont) 
Since Congress can't get its act together on HealthCare I will be using the power of the pen to give great HealthCare to many people - FAST
Why do we continue to sit idly by while China steals our national security and corporate secrets? China is an enemy not a friend.
While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day the TSA is falling apart just like our government! Airports a total disaster!
....terrible Gang of Angry Democrats. Look at their past and look where they come from. The now $30000000 Witch Hunt continues and they’ve got nothing but ruined lives. Where is the Server? Let these terrible people go back to the Clinton Foundation and “Justice” Department!
The Fake News media is officially out of control. They will do or say anything in order to get attention - never been a time like this!
Puerto Rico is devastated. Phone system electric grid many roads gone. FEMA and First Responders are amazing. Governor said "great job!"
.@VattenfallGroup will never solve the issues with the Ministry of Defense. Besides they smartly just left the project.
Mark Esperanto Secretary of Defense “The ceasefire is holding up very nicely. There are some minor skirmishes that have ended quickly. New areas being resettled with the Kurds.” USA soldiers are not in combat or ceasefire zones. We have secured the Oil. Bringing soldiers home!
Weak &amp; ineffective @JebBush is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!
After @TrumpTurnberry I will be visiting Aberdeen the oil capital of Europe to see my great club @TrumpScotland.
Exceptional dining matched with exceptional views @Trumpchicago offers a unique array of 5 star dining options 
Just got back to New York from California. Will be on Fox  &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. ObamaCare and other disasters to be discussed
We cannot keep a blind eye to the rampant unfair trade practices against our Country!
Thank you! 
Thank you Missouri! #Trump2016 
Why won't Obama release his college applications? Is there something 'foreign' about them?
.@MattGinellaGC  Have you ever seen Trump National/Bedminster or Trump International Golf links in Scotland. Both far better than Pinehurst!
Thoughts and prayers to all of those affected by the shooting at the Synagogue in Poway California. God bless you all. Suspect apprehended. Law enforcement did outstanding job. Thank you!
Join me LIVE at 5:45pmE from Harrisburg Pennsylvania! #TaxReform #USA🇺🇸 
When you are the “Piggy Bank” Nation that foreign countries have been robbing and deceiving for years the word TARIFF is a beautiful word indeed! Others must treat the United States fairly and with respect - We are no longer the “fools” of the past!
When will President Obama issue the words RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM? He  can't say it and unless he will  the problem will not be solved!
As Corey Lewandowski stated very clearly yesterday in front of the House Judiciary Committee President Trump didn’t do anything wrong or illegal. But they all know that. The Democrats are hurting our Country and getting nothing done. Shameful! @CLewandowski_  @foxandfriends
Interesting polls on who won the GOP debate. 
Part 1 of my @SpecialReport int. with @BretBaier discussing why I am strongly considering running for President 
Such a fantastic win for Ron DeSantis and the people of the Great State of Florida. Ron will be a fantastic Governor. On to November!
.@NBA hall of famer @dennisrodman brings his A game in the 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice.  This time Dennis is a star!
Very different styles but each totally effective in his own way at the debate.
I want to help our miners while the Democrats are blocking their healthcare.
“No one remembers who came in second.” – Walter Hagen
A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him. --Douglas MacArthur
It's 46º (really cold) and snowing in New York on Memorial Day - tell the so-called "scientists" that we want global warming right now!
Public opinion has turned strongly against the Rigged Witch Hunt and the “Special” Councel because the public understands that there was no  Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous) that the two FBI lovers were a fraud against our Nation &amp; that the only Collusion was with the Dems!
Trump International Hotel Washington D.C. will be one of the world's top luxury hotels 
Reason I canceled my trip to London is that I am not a big fan of the Obama Administration having sold perhaps the best located and finest embassy in London for “peanuts” only to build a new one in an off location for 1.2 billion dollars. Bad deal. Wanted me to cut ribbon-NO!
Thank you Maria B! 
I'm leaving now for Ireland Spain Scotland and elsewhere--crazy life!
Free enterprise is essentially a formula not just for wealth creation but for life satisfaction. - Arthur C. Brooks
Really Good Jobs Numbers!
The Do Nothing Dems are now doing even less - and soooo much work to be done!
It was my great honor to welcome the 2017 World Series Champion Houston @Astros to the @WhiteHouse! #HoustonStrong 
We need leaders who can negotiate great deals for Americans. It is common sense. Let’s Make America Great Again! 
I told the Republicans the debt ceiling talks should come before election--&amp; we would have a Republican president—they wouldn’t listen.
The Republicans never should have agreed to this past summer's debt deal.  Military cuts will now come along with tax increases.
Monitoring the terrible situation in Florida. Just spoke to Governor Scott. Thoughts and prayers for all. Stay safe!
Great meeting with Ford CEO Mark Fields and General Motors CEO Mary Barra at the @WhiteHouse today. 
Having a great time hosting Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States!  
Thanks to “Phantom Fireworks” and “Fireworks by Grucci" for their generosity in donating the biggest fireworks show Washington D.C. has ever seen. CEO's Bruce Zoldan and Phil Grucci are helping to make this the greatest 4th of July celebration in our Nations history!
Rep. Occasio-Cortez is correct the VA is not broken it is doing great. But that is only because of the Trump Administration. We got Veterans Choice &amp; Accountability passed. “President Trump deserves a lot of credit.” Dan Caldwell Concerned Veterans of America
To show you how politicians act Bobby Jindal spent $1000 to register in New Hampshire &amp; dropped out the next day. Such a waste!
Leaving for Albany New York now massive crowd expected. Very exciting!
“Playing golf with business associates creates a relaxing atmosphere where everyone has fun...
Admiral McRaven had full operational control of the Bin Laden mission  @BarackObama gave vague directions.
Another attack in London by a loser terrorist.These are sick and demented people who were in the sights of Scotland Yard. Must be proactive!
Heading to a packed house in Waterloo Iowa! Will celebrate today's great poll numbers together. See you soon!
The Wall is going up very fast despite total Obstruction by Democrats in Congress and elsewhere! 
Why is oil at a record high? OPEC &amp; the oil speculators continue to rip us off.
Trump SoHo opens this Friday and it is fantastic! Check out the Trump Hotel Collection...
Exclusive--Davi: Trump The Lion We Need  
Bad. @gallupnews survey shows 30% of businesses not hiring-- they are worried they won’t be around in a year. 
High above the city @TrumpLasVegas’ pool deck mixes business &amp; pleasure over a soaring bar of sky-bound gold 
A friend of mine and a man who has truly seen politics and life as few others ever will Sean Spicer has written a great new book “The Briefing: Politics the Press and the President.” It is a story told with both heart and knowledge. Really good go get it!
Congratulations to the House of Representatives for passing the #TaxCutsandJobsAct — a big step toward fulfilling our promise to deliver historic TAX CUTS for the American people by the end of the year! 
Thank you @gawker! Call me on my cellphone 917.756.8000 and listen to my campaign message.
Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for his strong statement on @foxandfriends that we very badly NEED THE WALL. Must also end loophole of “catch &amp; release” and clean up the legal and other procedures at the border NOW for Safety &amp; Security reasons.
Congrats @adamcarolla on #RoadHard raising $1M on @fundanything a record.
Leaving West Palm Beach Florida now - heading to St. Augustine for a 3pm rally. Will be in Tampa at 7pm - join me:… 
Thanks to all for your thoughtful birthday wishes – Donald Trump
Via @CNNPolitics by @mj_lee: "Father of murder victim to introduce Trump in Phoenix" 
Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile  achievement. - Henry Ford
Pelosi gives us the most unfair trial in the history of the U.S. Congress and now she is crying for fairness in the Senate and breaking all rules while doing so. She lost Congress once she will do it again!
My @SquawkCNBC #TrumpTuesday interview discussing how @MittRomney has to get tough real unemployment &amp; bias press  
What's more dangerous for the country--the Iranian nuclear threat or @BarackObama as President?
If victorious Republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful Rose Garden of the White House immediately after vote!
Huge Townhall tomorrow at 5PM in the NH Barrington Middle School! Thanks to @straffordnhgop​ for hosting! Let’s Make America Great Again!
Fake News! 
Naghmeh Abedini the lovely wife of the Christian Pastor Saeed being held in an Iranian jail just left my office. #savesaeed
Is the Boston killer eligible for Obama Care to bring him back to health?
Canada charges the U.S. a 270%  tariff on Dairy Products! They didn’t tell you that did they? Not fair to our farmers!
“Design your business from the start so that it is leverageable expandable predictable and financeable.” – Midas Touch
Looking forward to promoting a pro-growth &amp; positive message at this Saturday’s @Citizens_United @AFPhq Freedom Summit in Manchester.
Like the worthless @NYDailyNews looks like @politico will be going out of business. Bad reporting- no money no cred!
#TrumpTower is one of the country's top tourist destinations.
My son Donald openly gave his e-mails to the media &amp; authorities whereas Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted (&amp; acid washed) her 33000 e-mails!
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.  – Steve Jobs
Jeffrey Lord former Reagan adviser has endorsed the Newsmax-@iontv debate with a great article 
Today it was my great honor to sign a new Executive Order to ensure Veterans have the resources they need as they transition back to civilian life. We must ensure that our HEROES are given the care and support they so richly deserve!  
'Kept me out of jail': Top DOJ official involved in Clinton probe represented her campaign chairman: 
Be sure to tune in and watch Donald Trump on Late Night with David Letterman as he presents the Top Ten List tonight!
....but now we are moving forward like never before. We are winning again and we are respected again!
Hope &amp; Change--the number of 26 year olds living with parents has jumped 46% under Obama   Four more years?
I agree Katrina Pam Bondi is a great womem! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
“A leader does not deserve the name unless he is willing occasionally to stand alone.” - Henry A. Kissinger
Over 150000 more of our fellow Americans dropped out of the workforce in July. @BarackObama is a disaster!
I have long stated that Brian Williams was not a very smart guy - all you have to do is look at his past. Now he has proven me correct!
The era of strategic patience with the North Korea regime has failed. That patience is over. We are working closely… 
“The Democrats have thrown a wrecking ball at our Democracy.” @MariaBartiromo
Our Economy is doing better than ever. Money is pouring into our cherished DOLLAR like rarely before companies earnings are higher than ever inflation is low &amp; business optimism is higher than it has ever been. For the first time in many decades we are protecting our workers!
Working hard thank you! 
Hawaii:
have enough problems around the world without yet another one. When I am President Russia will respect us far more than they do now and....
Wishing everyone a wonderful Independence Day holiday weekend a great celebration for a great country.
Richard Mourdock--a very good man running for the Senate in Indiana. Hopefully he will win! @richardmourdock
AFTER TWO YEARS AND MILLIONS OF PAGES OF DOCUMENTS (and a cost of over $30000000) NO COLLUSION!
The signature restaurant of @TrumpNewYork @jeangeorges is both  Forbes Five-Star &amp; AAA Five-Diamond restaurant 
.@BillMaher needs to cut back on the pot and maybe he will stop making offers he can’t afford.
Obama’s war on coal is killing American jobs making us more energy dependent on our enemies &amp; creating a great business disadvantage.
There has rarely been a juror so tainted as the forewoman in the Roger Stone case. Look at her background. She never revealed her hatred of “Trump” and Stone. She was totally biased as is the judge. Roger wasn’t even working on my campaign. Miscarriage of justice. Sad to watch!
It's Monday how many more excuses will Obama make today about the economy?
My @FoxNews interview with @gretawire discussing the GOP primary my 2012 options and why @BarackObama must lose 
Why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats some big Crooked Hillary supporters and Zero Republicans? Another Dem recently added...does anyone think this is fair? And yet there is NO COLLUSION!
Entrepreneurs: Business is a creative endeavor. Being innovative = being open to new ideas. Keep an open mind!
The only job @BarackObama cares about is his own. Everything he does is for his own reelection.
Just landed in Michigan. Car companies and many others are building and expanding here. Great to see!
Today on behalf of the American people I received an American flag that flew aboard a ship carrying the first waves of U.S. Service Members to land in Normandy...
Celebrating 1237! #Trump2016 
The sexual abuse that is so rampant has according to generals greatly weakened our military. They have failed to stop it.
ICYMI you can watch my full press conference with @SteveKingIA on @shanevanderhart’s @CaffThoughts 
Great op-ed from @RepKenBuck. Looks like some in the Freedom Caucus are helping me end #Obamacare. 
Most people think small because most people are afraid of success afraid of making decisions afraid of winning.    The Art of the Deal
We have just begun! 
The arrogant young woman who questioned me in such a nasty fashion at No Labels yesterday was a Jeb staffer! HOW CAN HE BEAT RUSSIA &amp; CHINA?
TERRORISM IMMIGRATION AND NATIONAL SECURITY SPEECH- TRANSCRIPT:  
The United States needs to fix its own problems of which there are many first!
THANK YOU Daytona Beach Florida!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Al Sharpton would always ask me to go to his events. He would say “it’s a personal favor to me.” Seldom but sometimes I would go. It was fine. He came to my office in T.T. during the presidential campaign to apologize for the way he was talking about me. Just a conman at work!
The Boston killer applying today for ObamaCare. He demands that medical bills be taken care of immediately. Does this include dental?
“Donald Trump to name golf course after mother”  via @scotsmandotcom
Trump Will Make America GREAT!!!!  #ChangeTheWorldIn5Words
Donald Trump Announcement: $5 Million for Obama College Records   via @Newsmax_Media
THANK YOU MASSACHUSETTS! #KAG2020 
“Sometimes you have to take a half step back to take two forward.” - @VinceMcMahon
Tremendous investment by companies from all over the world being made in America. There has never been anything like it. Now Disney J.P. Morgan Chase and many others. Massive Regulation Reduction and Tax Cuts are making us a powerhouse again. Long way to go! Jobs Jobs Jobs!
Tell Congress to straighten out the many problems of our country before trying to be the policemen to the world. Make America great again!
By the way New York State MUST LOWER TAXES (and fast) and must start going after all of the "energy" that lies just below our feet (now)!
Everybody should contribute &amp; fight in the long haul battle against autism.  @autismspeaks
Only a Reagan or a Trump-like figure in the White House will achieve this goal. 
THANK YOU Connecticut Delaware Maryland Pennsylvania and Rhode Island! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
....I am very happy for Eddie Gallagher and his family!
The already discredited Woodward book so many lies and phony sources has me calling Jeff Sessions “mentally retarded” and “a dumb southerner.” I said NEITHER never used those terms on anyone including Jeff and being a southerner is a GREAT thing. He made this up to divide!
What I am saying is stay out of Syria.
“I think it’s obvious to all the American public that this is a railroad job!” @JimPressOffice 
#EndCommonCore #Trump2016Video:  
We are deeply saddened by the tragic situation in Yountville and mourn the loss of three incredible women who cared for our Veterans.
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral. 
This year's Trump Miss Universe Pageant is comprised of truly beautiful women.Will be simulcast live December 19th on @nbc and @Univision.
.@MELANIATRUMP just finished being on @theviewtv--by any standard she was great!
Just left Dayton Ohio where I met with the Victims &amp; families Law Enforcement Medical Staff &amp; First Responders. It was a warm &amp; wonderful visit. Tremendous enthusiasm &amp; even Love. Then I saw failed Presidential Candidate (0%) Sherrod Brown &amp; Mayor Whaley totally.....
Iran wanted me to lift the sanctions imposed on them in order to meet. I said of course NO!
Puerto Rico got 91 Billion Dollars for the hurricane more money than has ever been gotten for a hurricane before &amp; all their local politicians do is complain &amp; ask for more money. The pols are grossly incompetent spend the money foolishly or corruptly &amp; only take from USA....
If the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media!
The WH yesterday defended Biden's comments that the Taliban aren't our enemy. When did the American people decide this? 
The Democrats sent a very political and long response memo which they knew because of sources and methods (and more) would have to be heavily redacted whereupon they would blame the White House for lack of transparency. Told them to re-do and send back in proper form!
Congratulations to Gretchen Carlson on her big move to hosting an afternoon solo show this fall on @FoxNews.
Watched chief negotiator for Iran on @charlierose last night. He is far smarter than our reps—increase sanctions and walk!
Fake News @CNN is reporting that I am “still using personal cell phone for calls despite repeated security warnings.” This is totally false information and reporting. I haven’t had a personal cell phone for years. Only use government approved and issued phones. Retract!
AUSTIN BOMBING SUSPECT IS DEAD. Great job by law enforcement and all concerned!
Think of it. I became President of the United States in one of the most hard fought and consequential elections in the history of our great nation. From long before I ever took office I was under a sick &amp; unlawful investigation concerning what has become known as the Russian....
Make sure to tune in to All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC this Sunday at 9PM EST for another round of fireworks and surprises!
Honored to have received the endorsement of Lou Holtz - a great guy! #INPrimary #Trump2016 
Make sure you realize that this ‘deal’ is only a stop gap measure.Obama will be looking to raise even more taxes in the coming negotiation..
The U.S. Consumer Confidence Index for December surged nearly four points to 113.7 THE HIGHEST LEVEL IN MORE THAN 15 YEARS! Thanks Donald!
Obama planted that @nytimes story on Iran so it will be discussed in tonight's debate. He wants Libya and China off the table.
AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS! 
George Steinbrenner would have done a major number on A Rod - there is no way he would have gotten paid even with the help of the union!
....People are angry.  At some point the Justice Department and the FBI must do what is right and proper. The American public deserves it!
At least 24 players kneeling this weekend at NFL stadiums that are now having a very hard time filling up. The American public is fed up with the disrespect the NFL is paying to our Country our Flag and our National Anthem. Weak and out of control!
Looks like a third rate Grandstander named @RepThomasMassie a Congressman from unfortunately a truly GREAT State Kentucky wants to vote against the new Save Our Workers Bill in Congress. He just wants the publicity. He can’t stop it only delay which is both dangerous......
Jerry Falwell of Liberty University was fantastic on @foxandfriends. The Fake News should listen to what he had to say. Thanks Jerry!
Law Enforcement has been strongly notified to watch closely for any ILLEGAL VOTING which may take place in Tuesday’s Election (or Early Voting). Anyone caught will be subject to the Maximum Criminal Penalties allowed by law. Thank you!
The thousands of people that showed up for me in Phoenix were amazing Americans. @SenJohnMcCain called them "crazies"--must apologize!
Wacky Congresswoman Wilson is the gift that keeps on giving for the Republican Party a disaster for Dems. You watch her in action &amp; vote R!

.@alexsalmond  RT @islandbluenose You'll be doing us in scotland a great service if you win. Good Luck.
THANK YOU INDIANA! #Trump2016 
Great coordination between agencies at all levels of government. Continuing rains and flash floods are being dealt with. Thousands rescued.
While on FAKE NEWS @CNN Bernie Sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network. They said technical difficulties!
Via @BreitbartNews: "TRUMP TO REPUBLICANS: 'PLAY THE DEBT CEILING CARD'"  by @joelpollak
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. Stop them now: 
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!  

Join me in Cedar Rapids Iowa tomorrow at 7:00pm! # 
Democrats should come back to Washington and work to end the Shutdown while at the same time ending the horrible humanitarian crisis at our Southern Border. I am in the White House waiting for you!
I wonder if traitor Edward Snowden will be attending the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow on November 9th.
Ted Cruz talks about the Constitution but doesn't say that if the Dems win the Presidency the new JUSTICES appointed will destroy us all!
Just finished a very good meeting with the President of South Korea. Many subjects discussed including North Korea and new trade deal!
An honor to join the @FaithandFreedom Coalition yesterday. In America we don't worship government. We worship God.… 
Join me in Manheim Pennsylvania on Saturday at 7pm! #TrumpRallyTickets:  
I am hearing so many great things about the Republican Party’s California Gubernatorial Candidate John Cox. He is a very successful businessman who is tired of high Taxes &amp; Crime. He will Make California Great Again &amp;  make you proud of your Great State again. Total Endorsement!
I don't know if President Obama isn't stopping the flights from Ebola torn West Africa because he is stubborn stupid or just doesn't care!
John Kerry and Senator Chris Murphy grossly violated the Logan Act with respect to Iran. If a Republican did what they did there would be very serious ramifications!
Peter Strzok worked as the leader of the Rigged Witch Hunt for a long period of time - he got it started and was only fired because the gig was up. But remember he took his orders from Comey and McCabe and they took their orders from you know who. Mueller/Comey best friends!
I love New York but New York can never be great again under the current leadership of Governor Andrew Cuomo (the brother if Fredo) or Mayor Bill DeBlasio. Cuomo has weaponized the prosecutors to do his dirty work (and to keep him out of jams) a reason some don’t want to be...
Very productive talks yesterday with China on Trade. Will continue today! I will be leaving for Hanoi Vietnam early tomorrow for a Summit with Kim Jong Un of North Korea where we both expect a continuation of the progress made at first Summit in Singapore. Denuclearization?
Old Post Office Building in DC will be a world-class Trump property. Honored to be doing this historic building--Washington will be proud.
SHOCK--Hugo Chavez endorses @BarackObama  Will he be in Chicago on election night too?
....The process has begun to place additional Tariffs at 25% on the remaining 325 Billion Dollars. The U.S. only sells China approximately 100 Billion Dollars of goods &amp; products a very big imbalance. With the over 100 Billion Dollars in Tariffs that we take in we will buy.....
....we are going to have an Election very shortly.” Rep. Jeff Van Drew Democrat of New Jersey. @foxandfriends  Thank you. Just another Witch Hunt by Nancy Pelosi and the Do Nothing Democrats!
All people that are illegally coming into the United States now will be removed from our Country at a later date as we build up our removal forces and as the laws are changed. Please do not make yourselves too comfortable you will be leaving soon!
“....An incredibly corrupt FBI &amp; DOJ trying to steer the outcome of a Presidential Election. Brennan has gone off the deep end he’s disgraced and discredited himself. His conduct has been outrageous.” Chris Farrell Judicial Watch.
Great Consumer Price Index just out. Really good very low inflation! We have a great chance to “really rock!” Good numbers all around.
Thank you to our great Coast Guard for doing such a tremendous job - thousands of lives being saved!  
So nice thank you! 
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats - the system is rigged against him. Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me!
Tonight in Tokyo Japan at the Ryōgoku Kokugikan Stadium it was my great honor to present the first-ever U.S. President’s Cup to Sumo Grand Champion Asanoyama. Congratulations! A great time had by all thank you @AbeShinzo!! 
While @BarackObama spends recklessly on domestic projects he is hollowing out our military with over $487B in cuts 
N.Y.C. has the worst Mayor in the United States. I hate watching what is happening with the dirty streets the homeless and crime! Disgrace
They failed on the Mueller Report they failed on Robert Mueller’s testimony they failed on everything else so now the Democrats are trying to build a case that I enrich myself by being President. Good idea except I will and have always expected to lose BILLIONS of DOLLARS..
“Special Council is told to find crimes whether a crime exists or not. I was opposed to the selection of Mueller to be Special Council. I am still opposed to it. I think President Trump was right when he said there never should have been a Special Council appointed because.....
.....who is being totally protected by his best friend Bob Mueller &amp; the 13 Angry Democrats - leaking machines who have NO interest in going after the Real Collusion (and much more) by Crooked Hillary Clinton her Campaign and the Democratic National Committee. Just Watch!
.@VP Mike Pence is working hard on HealthCare and getting our wonderful Republican Senators to do what is right for the people.
Why does the failing @WSJ write a false editorial about me and let dummy @KarlRove make the same mistake in the same edition of the paper?
I am truly honored and grateful for receiving SO much support from our American heroes... 
More Bush cronyism – “Jeb Bush and the Common Core Money Trail”   It’s the Bush way!
When will Washington stand up to China. China is manipulating its currency and stealing our jobs. Washington should move on legislation.
Looking forward to being the special guest at tonight's Dutchess County #GOP dinner--to a SOLD OUT crowd. It will be great fun.
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about!
Carly Fiorina is terrible at business--the last thing our country needs! 
Do you notice that because of Ebola ISIS etc. ObamaCare has gone to the back burner despite horrible results coming out. A disaster!
Thank you! 🇺🇸🇬🇧 
My twitter has become so powerful that I can actually make my enemies tell the truth.
.@MittRomney was a disaster candidate who had no guts and choked! Romney is a total joke and everyone knows it!
Join me live at the 2018 World Economic Forum in Davos Switzerland! #WEF18  
Weak JEB getting thrown out by management during speech. Do you think he will be this tough on Putin &amp; others?  
Much as it pays to emphasize the positive there are times when the only choice is confrontation. #TheArtofTheDeal
“Do more be more give more--and everyone will benefit.” – Think Like a Champion
WH counsel met with IRS lawyer 3x in 2012 once in September  But Obama just learned through news reports?
So-called Birthright Citizenship which costs our Country billions of dollars and is very unfair to our citizens will be ended one way or the other. It is not covered by the 14th Amendment because of the words “subject to the jurisdiction thereof.” Many legal scholars agree.....
I will be making a speech at 12:00 in Fort Worth Texas. Really big crowd expected. Will be talking about the debate last night-plus plus!
Via @dcexaminer: "@realDonaldTrump to speak at @LibertyU" 
Each and every new event space at @TrumpDoral looks stunning. See the transformation for yourself: 
I'll be on THe Willis Report  @GerriWillisFBN today at 5 pm EST
“Why in the world didn’t Barack Obama fire this guy (Comey)?” asks Mark Levin!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#INPrimary #VoteTrump 
Senator Josh Hawley (R-Mo) “They (the Dems) don’t have anything. This whole thing is a joke and it’s time to get the President exonerated. The House has no evidence of any impeachable offense. There’s nothing there and they didn’t even charge a crime. They’ve had their.....
My H-1B reform plan will transform program so it delivers for country not lobbyists &amp; will have bipartisan support: 
WikiLeaks proves even the Clinton campaign knew Crooked mishandled classified info but no one gets charged? RIGGED! 
The DNC on Bernie Sanders “Looks like they’re going to do it to him again doesn’t it?” @SteveDoocy @foxandfriends
I will be live tweeting @megynkelly Show in 10 minutes. Should be interesting. Will be on Fox Network! ENJOY!
26000 sexual assaults or rapes reported in military last year-and that is just the number that is reported (many do not want to report).
I very much look forward to tomorrow’s debate in New Hampshire—so many things to say so much at stake. It will be an incredible evening!
Give a lot of credit to Carlos Beltran for developing into a terrific baseball player and total winner for the Cardinals-great going Carlos!
Let’s properly check goofy Elizabeth Warren’s records to see if she is Native American. I say she’s a fraud!
With the great vote on Cutting Taxes this could be a big day for the Stock Market - and YOU!
I was just informed by Marillyn Hewson CEO of Lockheed Martin of her decision to keep the Sikorsky Helicopter Plant in Coatesville Pennsylvania open and humming! We are very proud of Pennsylvania and the people who work there....
Republicans must stop relying on losers like @KarlRove if they want to start winning presidential elections. Be tough and get smart!
.@THEGaryBusey doesn’t need instructions. Couch time is more fun. #CelebApprentice
.....Comcast (NBC/MSNBC) Trump haters who do whatever Brian &amp; Steve tell them to do. Like CNN NBC is also way down in the ratings. But @FoxNews who failed in getting the very BORING Dem debates is now loading up with Democrats &amp; even using Fake unsourced @nytimes as....
I will be interviewed on @MariaBartiromo @FoxBusiness at 7:30
Also congratulations to @OANN on the great job you are doing and the big ratings jump (“thank you President Trump”)!
On behalf of an entire nation Happy 242nd Birthday to the men and women of the United States Marines!#USMC242 #SemperFi 
Like it or not haters and losers everybody is talking about Miss U.S.A. and Miss Utah. By the way she is a fine young woman-unfair to her.
House Republicans investigating origins of the Ukraine Whistleblower complaint. ICIG Michael Atkinson facing serious questions. “The Democrats know the ICIG is a major problem-didn’t release his testimony. Looks so much like everything else we’ve seen from the Russia Hoax to...
Crooked @club4growth has given up advertising in Iowa on me—remember they wanted my million dollars—I said no—total frauds!
The @BarackObama campaign took in $39M in May but spent $44.6M. Sound familiar!
Jack Nicklaus II gave the best tribute to a parent I have ever heard at yesterday’s Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony honoring @jacknicklaus
I am being proven right about massive vaccinations—the doctors lied. Save our children &amp; their future.
Newsweek ending print edition--sad. Now my Newsweek covers mean nothing--they lost all credibility. TIME to follow?
Dishonest @politico just called to say that none of the polls including Fox NBC CNN Zogby &amp; Morning Consult matter. Serious haters.
Great new poll - thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M.
I will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pm EST on @FoxNews! Enjoy!
I agree wholeheartedly! 
A Rocket has not been launched by North Korea in 9 months. Likewise no Nuclear Tests. Japan is happy all of Asia is happy. But the Fake News is saying without ever asking me (always anonymous sources) that I am angry because it is not going fast enough. Wrong very happy!
Via @BreitbartNews: "DONALD TRUMP: EXEC AMNESTY WILL MAKE ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION ‘WORSE THAN IT’S EVER BEEN" 
via American Spectator  @AmSpec "Trump Card" by Jeffrey Lord  
...The CBS News poll said 13 percent of Republicans trusted the news media for information about the virus.” Michael M. Grynbaum @NYTimes
A letter to @CNN President Jeff Zucker- 
Senator (Doctor) Bill Cassidy is a class act who really cares about people and their Health(care) he doesn't lie-just wants to help people!
Going to Dallas (the GREAT State of Texas) today. Leaving soon!
Obama has missed 58% of his intelligence briefings. But our president does make 100% of his fundraisers.
The bigger problem with Ebola is all of the people coming into the U.S. from West Africa who may be infected with the disease. STOP FLIGHTS!
We just have to get tough get smart and get a president willing to stand up for America and stick it to the (cont)  13:37:31,72,11,false,190433466096168960Twitter Web Client,Look if we can make chopsticks in America and sell them to the Chinese we can compete on hundreds of other fronts as well."TimeToGetTough
We call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in Venezuela and we want it to happen very very soon! 
Wow—Family Feud said I am the third most envied man in America. I respectfully disagree—I am very modest.

.@tuckercarlson is doing a really good job on Fox especially when talking politics. He has come a long way fast!
All-Time High for Stock Market and all the Fake News wants to talk about is the Impeachment Hoax!
Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and fabrications!
Negotiation: Think about what the other side wants. Know where they’re coming from. Don't underestimate them. Create a win/win situation.
Heading over to the Miss USA Pageant. The young women participating are amazing and accomplished. Competition is very tough. ENJOY THE SHOW!
TREASON?
I'm loyal to people who've done good work for me. #TheArtofTheDeal
Never in the history of our Country has the “press” been more dishonest than it is today. Stories that should be good are bad. Stories that should be bad are horrible. Many stories like with the REAL story on Russia Clinton &amp; the DNC seldom get reported. Too bad!

Today's final round of the WGC Cadillac Championship will be amazing. A lot of pressure on leader who has played great. Big names hunting!
Nolte: Poll Shows Media Failed to Gaslight Public About Trump Campaign Spying  via @BreitbartNews
Know when to walk away from the table.   The Art of the Deal
Your 2nd Amendment is under very serious attack in the Great Commonwealth of Virginia. That’s what happens when you vote for Democrats they will take your guns away. Republicans will win Virginia in 2020. Thank you Dems!
Melania and I extend our deepest condolences to the family of Shimon Peres...
Today @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to join thousands of leaders from across the Country for the 2019 Prescription Drug Abuse and Heroin Summit (@RxSummit) in Atlanta Georgia! #
How can George Osborne reduce UK debt while spending billions to subsidize Scotland’s garbage wind turbines that are destroying the country?
....I am pleased to announce that Kevin McAleenan the current U.S. Customs and Border Protection Commissioner will become Acting Secretary for @DHSgov. I have confidence that Kevin will do a great job!
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in Italy and Myanmar.
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar  Bad ratings--come on keep making me money--remember I own your show.
.@PapaJohns CEO John Schnatte has told shareholders that ObamaCare will force him to raise pizza prices  REPEAL!
Please remember I am the ONLY candidate who is self-funding his campaign. Kasich Rubio and Cruz are all bought and paid for by lobbyists!
See Sanders backed Hillary on E-mails at the debate hurting himself and then she threw him under the bus (but failed). Disloyal person!
If you have any doubt that @BarackObama must be defeated see @DineshDSouza's '2016: Obama's America.' Amazing film!
I am happy to announce that the @PGAGrandSlam will be held at @TrumpGolfLA this year!  Follow @TrumpGolf for more!
Worst ever issue of @VanityFair magazine—bad food Graydon Carter should be fired!
Thanks Lou. 
Just heard Foreign Minister of North Korea speak at U.N. If he echoes thoughts of Little Rocket Man they won't be around much longer!
We have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. Our Vets are owed full access to healthcare anytime &amp; anywhere!
The United States has been losing for many years 600 to 800 Billion Dollars a year on Trade. With China we lose 500 Billion Dollars. Sorry we’re not going to be doing that anymore!
....If we bought 15 Billion Dollars of Agriculture from our Farmers far more than China buys now we would have more than 85 Billion Dollars left over for new Infrastructure Healthcare or anything else. China would greatly slow down and we would automatically speed up!
True! 
“Donald Trump pledges to make Prestwick Airport 'really successful'”   via @STVNews
I am pleased to announce the House has passed our budget deal 284-149. Great for our Military and our Vets. A big thank you!
I will be having a News Conference at the White House on this subject today at 6:00 P.M. CDC representatives and others will be there. Thank you!
....proud to admit their mistake of acting too fast and tightening too much (and that I was right!). They must Cut Rates bigger and faster and stop their ridiculous quantitative tightening NOW. Yield curve is at too wide a margin and no inflation! Incompetence is a.....
Great meeting all of you. This group knocked on 50K doors &amp; counting here in Maine thank you! @MaineGOP  
Great poll numbers just coming out of New Hampshire. BIG lead for "Trump" according to @CNN!
Trump offers $5 million for Obama college passport records   By @AlexPappasDC @DailyCaller
Our government now imports illegal immigrants and deadly diseases. Our leaders are inept.
True. Should have never been there in the first place! 
The women played great today at the @USGA #USWomensOpen🇺🇸 I look forward to being there tomorrow for the final round! 
Can someone explain to me how a Chechnyan permanent resident non-citizen in our country is planning Jihad while on welfare?
Crooked Hillary can't close the deal with Bernie Sanders. Will be another bad day for her!
...Never let yourself be pushed around--but treat the good folks great.
Congratulations Barbara! 
China is subsidizing its product in order that it can continue to be sold in the USA. Many firms are leaving China for other countries including the United States in order to avoid paying the Tariffs. No visible increase in costs or inflation but U.S. is taking Billions!
My representatives have just left North Korea after a very productive meeting and an agreed upon time and date for the second Summit with Kim Jong Un. It will take place in Hanoi Vietnam on February 27 &amp; 28. I look forward to seeing Chairman Kim &amp; advancing the cause of peace!
The entire cast will be back for the live finale of @ApprenticeNBC Monday night at 8 PM
.@JohnJamesMI who is running in the Republican Primary in the great state of Michigan is SPECTACULAR! Vote on August 7th. Rarely have I seen a candidate with such great potential. West Point graduate successful businessman and a African American leader...
Stock Market hits another all time high on Friday. 5.3 trillion dollars up since Election. Fake News doesn't spent much time on this!
Brenda Snipes in charge of voting in Broward County Florida was just spotted wearing a beautiful dress with 300 I VOTED signs on it. Just kidding she is a fine very honorable and highly respected voting tactician!
Jeb Bush had a tough night at the debate. Now he'll probably take some of his special interest money he is their puppet and buy ad's.
Twitter should let the banned Conservative Voices back onto their platform without restriction. It’s called Freedom of Speech remember. You are making a Giant Mistake!
“President Trump?”  via @MiamiHerald by Wayne E. Williams
The U.S. won a $7.5 Billion award from the World Trade Organization against the European Union who has for many years treated the USA very badly on Trade due to Tariffs Trade Barriers and more. This case going on for years a nice victory!
President Obama just told President Putin how important the Russian air strikes against ISIS have been. I TOLD YOU SO!
In the 10:30 PM ET lead-in to local news @ApprenticeNBC delivered a 31 percent margin of victory...
The winner of Best In Show of the 139th @WKCDOGS Miss P visited @TrumpTowerNY today- 
The Letterman show really turned things around- people finally understand my $5 million dollar offer to charity.... 
Very interesting! 
People are happy that I left the Trump Tower atrium open as opposed to taking the easy way out. 
So even though I didn’t have to do it with Presidential Privilege I allowed everyone to testify including White House Counsel Don McGahn (for over 30 hours) to Robert Mueller and the 18 Angry Trump-Hating Democrats and they arrived....
Getting ready to deliver a VERY IMPORTANT DECISION!  8:00 P.M.
Just left West Palm Beach Fire &amp; Rescue #2. Met with great men and women as representatives of those who do so much for all of us. Firefighters paramedics first responders - what amazing people they are!
WH refused a meeting with the Israeli Defense Minister. If only Obama hated Iran as much as he dislikes Israel.
Our Social Media (and beyond) Stars @DiamondandSilk are terrific people who are doing really well. We are all very proud of them and their great success!
If the U.S. sells a car into China there is a tax of 25%. If China sells a car into the U.S. there is a tax of 2%. Does anybody think that is FAIR? The days of the U.S. being ripped-off by other nations is OVER!
...during the call and told me that he has already started and will rapidly expand a full and complete investigation into this matter. Answers will be forthcoming shortly.
“The President deserves some answers.” @FoxNews in discussing “SPYGATE.”
.@KatyTurNBC &amp; @DebSopan should be fired for dishonest reporting. Thank you @GatewayPundit for reporting the truth. #Trump2016
Will be on #Hannity @ 10pE @FoxNews- discussing various subjects including immigration-if elected we will #BuildTheWall &amp; enforce our laws!
Watch Late Night with Jimmy Fallon on NBC at 12:35 EST tonight---I'll be bringing a couple of surprises with me.
Looking forward to speaking at prestigious @TheEconomicClub on December 15th 
Democrats in Congress must vote to close the terrible loopholes at the Southern Border. If not harsh measures will have to be taken!
Wow so many lies by now disgraced acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe. He was fired for lying and now his story gets even more deranged. He and Rod Rosenstein who was hired by Jeff Sessions (another beauty) look like they were planning a very illegal act and got caught.....
Columbia University stated there was a "computer error" in their system concerning @BarackObama's attendance. (cont) 
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 15 minutes! Enjoy.
“@Algemeiner Honors @Joan_Rivers Donald Trump @YuliEdelstein at Second Annual ‘Jewish 100′ Gala”  via @Algemeiner
Brian @kilmeade wrote a wonderful book called "George Washington's Secret Six" that is truly worth reading.   
Thank you Maryland! #Trump2016 
The DEMOCRATS have given us the weakest immigration laws anywhere in the World. Mexico has the strongest &amp; they make more than $100 Billion a year on the U.S. Therefore CONGRESS MUST CHANGE OUR WEAK IMMIGRATION LAWS NOW &amp; Mexico must stop illegals from entering the U.S....
National Prescription Drug #TakeBackDay numbers are in! Another record broken: nearly 1 MILLION pounds of Rx pills disposed! Let’s keep fighting this opioid epidemic America!
The NY SAFE Act is an unconstitutional attack on 2nd Amendment rights. Will also increase crime.
Will be interviewed at the Border by @seanhannity on @FoxNews tonight at 9:00. Enjoy!
....Kurds may be releasing some to get us involved. Easily recaptured by Turkey or European Nations from where many came but they should move quickly. Big sanctions on Turkey coming! Do people really think we should go to war with NATO Member Turkey? Never ending wars will end!
Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast.
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! # 
See you tonight Huntington West Virginia!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸Tickets:  
Report: There were no FISA hearings held over Spy documents.”It is astonishing that the FISA courts couldn’t hold hearings on Spy Warrants targeting Donald Trump. It isn’t about Carter Page it’s about the Trump Campaign. You’ve got corruption at the DOJ &amp; FBI. The leadership....
Via @thehill by @timdevaney: "Donald Trump: GOP nominee ‘can’t be Mitt can’t be Bush'" 
No matter what information is given to the crazed Democrats from the No Collusion Mueller Report it will never be good enough. Behind closed doors the Dems are laughing!
HAPPY 100TH BIRTHDAY to our amazing current and former Army Warrant Officers. Thank you for your century of service as the indispensable guardians of our great @USArmy’s technology! #CenturyOfService 
While the Do Nothing Democrats FAIL the American People and continue the Impeachment Scam my Administration will continue to deliver REAL RESULTS as seen over the past month below! 
THANK YOU ORLANDO FLORIDA!
“Trump to build second Scottish course”  via @UPI
I will be holding a major briefing on the Opioid crisis a major problem for our country today at 3:00 P.M. in Bedminster N.J.
Congressman @MarkwayneMullin is a big time #MAGA supporter! Markwayne has fought hard for Oklahoma Veterans and Military he loves our Farmers and he’s Strong on Border Security. I give Markwayne my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Spoke to President Xi of China to congratulate him on his extraordinary elevation. Also discussed NoKo &amp; trade two very important subjects!
Happy Birthday to the leader of the Democrat Party Maxine Waters!
I look forward to attending Saturday Night Live on Sunday night. I am sure it will be a great show. @nbcsnl  
With proper thinking and leadership we can have a much better plan than Obamacare - something that works for the people and costs much less
The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself. -- Douglas MacArthur
....And by the way I would LOVE running against 1% Joe Biden - I just don’t think it’s going to happen. Sleepy Joe won’t get to the starting gate &amp; based on all of the money he &amp; his family probably “extorted” Joe should hang it up. I wouldn’t want him dealing with China &amp; U!
.@FoxNews legal analyst &amp; former prosecutor @kimguilfoyle destroyed hack Schneiderman’s suit on @FNTheFive yesterday.She’s very sharp!
Will soon be landing in Calexico California to look at a portion of the new WALL being built on our Southern Border. Within two years we will have close to 400 miles built or under construction &amp; keeping our Country SAFE – not easy when the Dems are always fighting to stop you!
Just spoke with the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia who totally denied any knowledge of what took place in their Turkish Consulate. He was with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo...
Statement from White House Chief of Staff General John Kelly: 
A great guy (with great ratings)! 
This is my 500th. Day in Office and we have accomplished a lot - many believe more than any President in his first 500 days. Massive Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts Military &amp; Vets Lower Crime &amp; Illegal Immigration Stronger Borders Judgeships Best Economy &amp; Jobs EVER and much more...
My ties shirts and cufflinks have never been more beautiful-THE BEST-available at Macy's!
Jeb why did your brother attack and destabalize the Middle East by attacking Iraq when there were no weapons of mass destruction? Bad info?
Wouldn't it be great to Repeal the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate in ObamaCare and use those savings for further Tax Cuts.....
I am tired of @BarackObama talking about @MittRomney's father. Why don't we discuss Barack Obama Sr.!
Via @WWE: "Donald Trump announced for WWE Hall of Fame" 
Noisy windfarm driving community crazy!    @AlexSalmond @AberdeenCC @AberdeenshireCC
Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello just stated: "The Administration and the President every time we've spoken they've delivered......
... That’s why so many huge deals are closed on a golf course.” – TRUMP 101
“All that’s swirling around us now is Impeachment. We talk about it day and night it’s what’s on the news there is NOTHING that has turned up that is Impeachable. Our founding fathers set impeachment to be extremely rare. We need to get good stuff done. Let the people vote....
Heading to New Jersey. Big Rally in fact Really Big Rally!
A great place! 
A great early result from a drug that will start tomorrow in New York and other places! #COVIDー19 
.....a very dark and lonely path! Your reputation will never be the same!
We cannot continue to let Israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect. They used to have a great friend in the U.S. but.......
Big Rally tonight in West Virginia. Patrick Morrisey is running a GREAT race for U.S. Senate. I have done so much for West Virginia against all odds and having Patrick a real fighter by my side would make things so much easier. See you later. CLEAN COAL!!!!
“Ice Skaters Invade Mar-a-Lago as Snow Falls on Palm Beach Salvation Army Ball!”  via @GossipExtra
China has done very well under Obama. Now they just released their first aircraft carrier.
Via @Newsmax_Media by @OwenTew: “Trump on 2016 Run: I Would Self-Fund Appoint Wall Street Experts” 
One of my first acts as President will be to deport the drug lords and then secure the border. #Debate #MAGA
Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz are not electable presidential candidates Hillary would destroy them. Ted may not be eligible to run - born in Canada
Newsmax article: 'Trump Declines Prime Time GOP Convention Speech' 
#FlashbackFriday At Military Academy- second from left. 
“She should never have been on that jury. Everything about this stinks.” @JudgeJeanine @seanhannity @FoxNews
....I agreed not to increase Tariffs from 25% to 30% on October 15th. They will remain at 25%. The relationship with China is very good. We will finish out the large Phase One part of the deal then head directly into Phase Two. The Phase One Deal can be finalized &amp; signed soon!
MEXICO IS PAYING FOR THE WALL through the many billions of dollars a year that the U.S.A. is saving through the new Trade Deal the USMCA that will replace the horrendous NAFTA Trade Deal which has so badly hurt our Country. Mexico &amp; Canada will also thrive - good for all!
Entrepreneurs: Be tough be smart be personable but don't take things personally. That's good business.
Thank you @HeyTammyBruce! 
Bill Hemmer of @FoxNews was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. More than in past years.
From Bush 1 to present our Country has lost more than 55000 factories 6000000 manufacturing jobs and accumulated Trade Deficits of more than 12 Trillion Dollars. Last year we had a Trade Deficit of almost 800 Billion Dollars. Bad Policies &amp; Leadership. Must WIN again!  #MAGA
We have to get tough with China before they destroy us.
Under the leadership of Obama &amp; Clinton Americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. Time to change the playbook!
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. -- Winston Churchill
Trump: Obama is 'Unlucky President'  via @Newsmax_Media
With Irma and Harvey devastation Tax Cuts and Tax Reform is needed more than ever before. Go Congress go!
.@MiamiHerald discusses our @TrumpCollection #TrumpPets program @TrumpDoral: 
The Chinese are planning on going to the Moon...I hope they stop and take a look at our flag that was put there 43 years ago. -@MittRomney
....the 2016 election with interviews speeches and social media. I had to beat #FakeNews and did. We will continue to WIN!
I will be working late into the evening closing a big real estate deal—soon to be announced. Happy Easter and/or Holiday to all.
.@drmoore  Russell Moore is truly a terrible representative of Evangelicals and all of the good they stand for. A nasty guy with no heart!
Good luck and best wishes to my dear friend the wonderful and very talented Joan Rivers!  Winner of Celebrity Apprentice amazing woman.
Join me for a 3pm rally - tomorrow at the Mid-America Center in Council Bluffs Iowa! Tickets:… 
Can you imagine the Boston killer being lovingly tended to in a hospital room right next to his victims who lost their arms legs and worse!
The 2012 budget deficit is already $93 billion larger than earlier estimates  @BarackObama (cont) 
Washington (D.C.) is such a mess - nothing works! I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  It's not going to happen with anyone else.
Mexico should move the flag waving Migrants many of whom are stone cold criminals back to their countries. Do it by plane do it by bus do it anyway you want but they are NOT coming into the U.S.A. We will close the Border permanently if need be. Congress fund the WALL!
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. -- Abraham Lincoln
Thousands of illegal aliens who have committed sexual crimes against children are right now in Texas prisons. Most came through our Southern Border. We can end this easily - We need a Steel Barrier or Wall. Walls Work! John Jones Texas Department of Public Safety.  @FoxNews
The Oil Fields discussed in my speech on Turkey/Kurds yesterday were held by ISIS until the United States took them over with the help of the Kurds. We will NEVER let a reconstituted ISIS have those fields!
We were let down by all of the Democrats and a few Republicans. Most Republicans were loyal terrific &amp; worked really hard. We will return!
It snowed over 4 inches this past weekend in New York City. It is still October. So much for Global Warming.
Just as I predicted @Joe_Biden was a complete disaster in China. He condoned the Chinese one-child policy an… (cont) 
The more I get to know @MittRomney the more I like him. He has the judgment and private sector experience America needs in the White House.
...about then candidate Trump." Catherine Herridge @FoxNews. So why doesn't Fake News report this? Witch Hunt! Purposely phony reporting.
Undecideds in OHPA and WI will make the difference. All should ask themselves if they want $6/gallon gas because it will come under Obama.
Good morning Louisiana! Polls are open at 7AM. Get out and VOTE for @EddieRispone to be your next Gov! He will get your taxes and auto insurance (highest in Country!) way down. Loves our Military &amp; Vets. Will protect your 2A. Find your polling place below: 
....We are finishing our study of Tariffs on cars from the E.U. in that they have long taken advantage of the U.S. in the form of Trade Barriers and Tariffs. In the end it will all even out - and it won’t take very long!
Beautiful evening in El Paso Texas last night. God Bless the USA! 
Hillary could lose to Trump in Democratic New York#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #
Just like Schiff fabricated my phone call he will fabricate the transcripts that he is making and releasing!
How can “Senator” Richard Blumenthal who went around for twenty years as a Connecticut politician bragging that he was a great Marine war hero in Vietnam (then got caught and sobbingly admitted he was neither a Marine nor ever in Vietnam) pass judgement on anyone? Loser!
Donald Trump helped expose the silliness of the move by offering to pay for the White House tours. 
A @aahs5star Diamond &amp; Green Star Diamond Award winner @TrumpGolfLA is the nation’s top public course 
....for Life in 2020. If we are foolish and do not stay UNITED as one all of our hard fought gains for Life can and will rapidly disappear!
Congratulations to @AmericansElect for winning a spot on the California 2012 ballot. A major feat!   
I have nothing to do with Atlantic City-sold years ago (great timing). For losers and haters I NEVER went bankrupt. Plus $10 billion sorry
What ever happened to the good old days of The Academy Awards. This show is an insult to the past just plain bad!
“Trump Urges Unity Vs. Racism” was the correct description in the first headline by the Failing New York Times but it was quickly changed to “Assailing Hate But Not Guns” after the Radical Left Democrats went absolutely CRAZY! Fake News - That’s what we’re up against...
I hope Republicans &amp; the American people realize that the totally partisan Impeachment Hoax is exacty that a Hoax. Read the Transcripts listen to what the President &amp; Foreign Minister of Ukraine said (“No Pressure”). Nothing will ever satisfy the Do Nothing Radical Left Dems!
The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection exclusively available @Macys offers the finest style in menswear 
Obama weak on immigration. All words no action. He's been Prez 4 years.
The Penn State Board should resign based on the grossly incompetent way they handled the NCAA. They gave away (cont) 
Obama looks exhausted and beaten. He was never made or prepared for the job. Like it or not he doesn't have "it"
It is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the White House are fabricated lies made up by the #FakeNews media.
As everybody is aware the past Administration has long been asking for three hostages to be released from a North Korean Labor camp but to no avail. Stay tuned!
.....President Trump said the Ukraine President should just do the right thing (No Quid Pro Quo). You shouldn’t charge but you cannot convict a sitting president on the basis of conflicting and ambiguous evidence and destabilize the American Government.” Thank you Ken!
Magician extraordinaire @pennjillette is back in the All-Star @ApprenticeNBC. This time he has even more tricks up his sleeve.
Has anyone seen the financials of @Univision. They are doing really badly. Too much debt and not enough viewers. Need money fast. Funny!
P.S. 42 in Queens is getting a truckload of food and much needed supplies for Rockaway residents #HurricaneSandyRelief
Via @wbtwnews13 by @elizabethk_wbtw: “Donald Trump will deliver keynote address to the SC Tea Party Convention” 
Very sad that Republican donors were targeted by Obama’s IRS.
GREAT GDP numbers just released. Will be having a news conference soon!
Wisdom comes as a result of both experience and knowledge. It's something you can't teach someone else--you have to achieve it on your own.
Today marks the one year anniversary of @AndrewBreitbart’s passing. Andrew’s mission &amp; legacy still lives on. @BreitbartNews
I love watching these poor pathetic people (pundits) on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. They can't!
Mark Begich votes with Obama 97%. He opposes drilling &amp; supports Amnesty for illegals. Next Tuesday vote @DanSullivan2014!
Looking back on history who was treated worse Alfonse Capone legendary mob boss killer and “Public Enemy Number One” or Paul Manafort political operative &amp; Reagan/Dole darling now serving solitary confinement - although convicted of nothing? Where is the Russian Collusion?
Wow just learned in the Failing New York Times that the corrupt former leaders of the FBI almost all fired or forced to leave the agency for some very bad reasons opened up an investigation on me for no reason &amp; with no proof after I fired Lyin’ James Comey a total sleaze!
Snowden is a liar.and a fraud!
Just another Shifty Schiff leak. Isn’t there a law about this stuff? 
...Additionally because of our much tougher Trading stance with China I do not believe they are helping with the process of denuclearization as they once were (despite the UN Sanctions which are in place)...
Anthony Scaramucci is a highly unstable “nut job” who was with other candidates in the primary who got shellacked &amp; then unfortunately wheedled his way into my campaign. I barely knew him until his 11 days of gross incompetence-made a fool of himself bad on TV. Abused staff...
.@stuartpstevens did a horrible job for Mitt—is a refund in order? Sadly Stuart is a disaster!
The Fake Mainstream Media has from the time I announced I was running for President run the most highly sophisticated &amp; dishonest Disinformation Campaign in the history of politics. No matter how well WE do they find fault. But the forgotten men &amp; women WON I’m President!
“There is no Whistleblower. There is someone with an agenda against Donald Trump. What he was blowing the whistle on didn’t happen. We have the transcript of the call. This is all a farce and no Republican should forget that.” @dbongino @foxandfriends
.@weeklystandard  I know your business is failing but you should try to get writers far better than @stephenfhayes.
I look forward to reading the @CommerceGov 232 analysis of steel and aluminum- to be released in June. Will take major action if necessary.
#IACaucus #CaucusForTrump#iCaucused #
Is Roger Simon @politicoroger ever right about anything? Now he's attacking @BillClinton in defense of (cont) 
Everyone very excited about the new deal with Mexico!
Met with @RepCummings today at the @WhiteHouse. Great discussion!
My @SquawkCNBC #TrumpTuesday interview discussing how @MittRomney can win the first debate &amp; the last 35 days 
So excited to have @SantanaCarlos performing at the 2015 #CadillacChampionship at @TrumpDoral: 
Join me in Pittsburgh- tonight at 7pmE! #Trump2016 #TrumpTrainTickets: 
....when in fact under certain original scenarios it was in fact correct that Alabama could have received some “hurt.” Always good to be prepared! But the Fake News is only interested in demeaning and belittling. Didn’t play my whole sentence or statement. Bad people!
“Listen to others but never negate your own instincts.” – Trump Never Give Up
“President Donald J. Trump is Strengthening Retirement Security for American Workers” 
How long did it take for Obama to call Hugo Chavez and congratulate him on his 'reelection?' Who do you think Chavez supports in ours?
Iran has long been secretly “enriching” in total violation of the terrible 150 Billion Dollar deal made by John Kerry and the Obama Administration. Remember that deal was to expire in a short number of years. Sanctions will soon be increased substantially!
Either we need to elect more Republicans in November or Republicans must end the ridiculous 60 vote or Filibuster rule - or better yet do both. Cryin’ Chuck would do it on day one but we’ll never give him the chance. Some great legislation awaits - be smart!
.@IvankaTrump’s @FoxNewsSunday “Power Player of the Week” interview with Chris Wallace 
Just spoke to King Salman of Saudi Arabia and explained to him that because of the turmoil &amp; disfunction in Iran and Venezuela I am asking that Saudi Arabia increase oil production maybe up to 2000000 barrels to make up the difference...Prices to high! He has agreed!
Please read  and watch a recent trip made to Trump Vineyard Estates by @EricTrump 
Via @TIMEPolitics by @zekejmiller: “Trump To Visit New Hampshire” 
One of the most accurate polls last time around. But #FakeNews likes to say we’re in the 30’s. They are wrong. Some people think numbers could be in the 50's. Together WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I will be on @seanhannity tonight at 10 PM @FoxNews. #Hannity
“The FBI looked at less than 1%” of Crooked’s Emails!
I have a lot of @Apple stock--- and I miss Steve Jobs. Tim Cook must immediately increase the size of the screen... 
Thank you! “Trump’s Defining Speech” WSJ Editorial:  
A day after Greece burned @BarackObama released a $3.8 Trillion budget for 2013 with a $900 Billion deficit.He will turn America into Greece
Carly Fiorina- I agree! Ted Cruz is just another politician. All talk- no action!
Congratulations to Chuck Hagel on one of the shortest tenures as Sec. of Defense. Another terrible appointee by Obama.
What took investigators so long to interview the pilots of Asiana San Fran crash?  WHY NO DRUG TESTS FOR PILOTS-they were really "off".
The World as we know it is falling apart. Much of the blame can be attributed to the fact that the United States is no longer respected!
THANK YOU to all of the great men and women at the U.S. Customs and Border Protection facility in Yuma Arizona &amp; around the United States! 
.....United States Supreme Court is given additional information from which it can make a final and decisive decision on this very critical matter. Can anyone really believe that as a great Country we are not able the ask whether or not someone is a Citizen. Only in America!
Via RealClear Politics  
All of my Cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job. I want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts not mine!
I just don't know why some of these NFL teams with lousy quarterbacks don't give Tim Tebow a chance - what do they have to lose?
A big fat hit job on @oreillyfactor tonight. A total waste of time to watch boring and biased. @brithume said I would never run a dope!
Lisa Page who may hold the record for the most Emails in the shortest period of time (to her Lover Peter S) and attorney Baker are out at the FBI as part of the Probers getting caught? Why is Peter S still there? What a total mess. Our Country has to get back to Business!
The First Lady and I join all Americans in praying and grieving for the victims their families and the survivors. We will stand by their side FOREVER! 
Via @EW by @DaltonRoss: “recap: 'Nobody Out Thinks Donald Trump'”  
Congratulations to our great Women's Olympic Soccer team @ussoccer on their gold medal. They made us all proud!
Nothing is so permanent as a temporary government program. -- Milton Friedman
Thank you PM @Netanyahu and the State of Israel for this great honor!🇺🇸🇮🇱 
.@ralphreed is doing a great job!
We are here on this beautiful spring day to unveil our plan to create a fair modern &amp; LAWFUL system of immigration for the U.S. If adopted our plan will transform America’s immigration system into the pride of our Nation and the envy of the modern world. 
Achievers move forward at all times. Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Senator Richard Blumenthal must talk about his fraudulent service in Vietnam where for 12 years he told the people of Connecticut as their Attorney General that he was a great Marine War Hero. Talked about his many battles of near death but was never in Vietnam. Total Phony!
I applaud Columbia South Carolina for cleaning up biz center  Will cut crime &amp; advance commerce.
We have made more progress in the last nine months against ISIS than the Obama Administration has made in 8 years.Must be proactive &amp; nasty!
....during the 2016 Presidential election. The Attorney General has also been delegated full and complete authority to declassify information pertaining to this investigation in accordance with the long-established standards for handling classified information....
Why do the networks continue to put dopey @BillKristol on panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for 2 yrs?
....Sondland said Trump told him. None of this will move the needle for anyone. And now Dems in Swing Districts head home for Thanksgiving to hear from voters. Pelosi &amp; Co. are putting on a show to appease the Democratic base instead if doing the work ALL Americans need done.”
In New York March was the coldest month in recorded history - we could use some GLOBAL WARMING!
.@THEGaryBusey and one of his Busey-isms:  “Art is only the search it is not the final form.” #CelebApprentice
The rolling average of jobless claims is the highest in 5 months  ObamaCare continues to slow growth and cost jobs.
Should I do the #GOPdebate? 
The 13 Angry Democrats in charge of the Russian Witch Hunt are starting to find out that there is a Court System in place that actually protects people from injustice...and just wait ‘till the Courts get to see your unrevealed Conflicts of Interest!
I will be tweeting live tonight during Celebrity Apprentice - 9 o'clock on NBC!
#ChrisWallace who interviewed me on Sunday had his highest ratings since Feb of '09. Congratulations!  
.@nbcsnl - So much fun last night!
Blatant and rampant property destruction in Baltimore as the police stand by and watch. Should be a lesson on how NOT to handle riots. SAD!
I am the BEST builder just look at what I've built. Hillary can't build. Republican candidates can't build. They don't have a clue!
The Apprentice will be very exciting and interesting tonight at 8:00. Joan Rivers puts on a great show!
Celebrity Apprentice in 15 minutes - don't miss it!
Thank you for the warm welcome to Brussels Belgium this afternoon! 
Join me live from the @WhiteHouse via #
The time has come. THEGaryBusey will be project mgr on this Sunday's All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. MUST SEE TV!!! Back to 2 hrs.
My interview with @IngrahamAngle discussing @THEHermanCain @BarackObama's mistreatment of Israel and GOP 2012. 
GOP Voters Trust Donald Trump to Keep Our Country Safe 
“The story of Puerto Rico is the rebuilding that has occurred. The President has done an extraordinary job of cleanup rebuilding electrical stuff and everything else.”  @EdRollins   “The people of Puerto Rico have one of the most corrupt governments in our country.” @LouDobbs
.@SenJohnMcCain-Thank you for coming to D.C. for such a vital vote. Congrats to all Rep. We can now deliver grt healthcare to all Americans!
Celebrity Apprentice on CNBC tonight at 9.
Fox Poll say best Economy in DECADES!
The CBO has confirmed that @BarackObama's stimulus "crowds out" private investment while not creating any jobs.  
Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Among many other things we will build the wall!
People are proud to be saying Merry Christmas again. I am proud to have led the charge against the assault of our cherished and beautiful phrase. MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!!
#CelebApprentice who do you think won?
Budget Deal is phenomenal for our Great Military our Vets and Jobs Jobs Jobs! Two year deal gets us past the Election. Go for it Republicans there is always plenty of time to CUT!
Looks like the line has started be sure to join me for book signing  @TImeToGetTough starting at 11am to 2 pm here in Trump Tower.
Via @Newsmax_Media by @OwenTew: “Donald Trump: 'Last Thing We Need Is Another Bush'” 
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.
Dana you are the real deal! 
I had a GREAT meeting with Putin and the Fake News used every bit of their energy to try and disparage it. So bad for our country!
See ungrateful Little @MacMiller’s statement to me a year ago—  - he was kissing my ass!

....long before they get to our Southern Border. Guatemala is getting ready to sign a Safe-Third Agreement. The only ones who won’t do anything are the Democrats in Congress. They must vote to get rid of the loopholes and fix asylum! If so Border Crisis will end quickly!
Democrats = 17 Witnesses. Republicans = 0 Witnesses.
Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP  32.2 MILLION.  CLINTON 27.8 MILLION.  Thank you!
“Actions are the seed of fate   deeds grow into destiny.”   – Harry S. Truman
Saudi Arabia was "vehemently" against the Iran nuclear deal. Then today they embraced it. What happened? What did we give them to endorse?
Thank you for the support South Carolina! #USSYorktown #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
To the brave long-suffering people of Iran: I've stood with you since the beginning of my Presidency and my Administration will continue to stand with you. We are following your protests closely and are inspired by your courage.
Secy John Kerry has a tough job but he looks so totally lost negotiating w/ those characters who are cleaning his clock. Sad to watch...
Today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving. Thank you God bless your families &amp; God bless the USA!
Women’s soccer player @meganrapino just stated that she is “not going to the F...ing White House if we win.” Other than the NBA which now refuses to call owners owners (please explain that I just got Criminal Justice Reform passed Black unemployment is at the lowest level...
The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually in numerous cases planned out by liberal activists. Sad!
I say openly to President Xi &amp; all of my many friends in China that China will be hurt very badly if you don’t make a deal because companies will be forced to leave China for other countries. Too expensive to buy in China. You had a great deal almost completed &amp; you backed out!
What a great time we just had in the atrium of Tump Tower for  The place was happy and packed!
Today we witnessed an incredible moment in history – the presentation of Congress’ highest civilian honor to our friend and true AMERICAN HERO Bob Dole. #CongressionalGoldMedal 
Looking forward to Friday night in the Great State of Alabama. I am supporting "Big" Luther Strange because he was so loyal &amp; helpful to me!
#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE 
Join me in Florida on Wednesday! Daytona &amp; Jacksonville:Daytona | 3pm-  | 7pm- 
Via @itp_ab by @ctrenwith: "'Trump effect' will see Dubai properties rise 50%” 
One of the things that has been lost in the politics of this situation is that the Russians collected and spread negative information.....,07-27-2017 13:35:35,13164,57728,false,890566339462672385Twitter for iPhone,RT @townhallcom: ABC NBC And CBS Pretty Much Bury IT Scandal Engulfing Debbie Wasserman Schultz's Office  12:49:41,25716,0,true,890554786755555329Twitter for iPhone,Come on Republican Senators you can do it on Healthcare. After 7 years this is your chance to shine! Don't let the American people down!,07-27-2017 11:24:52,21456,93516,false,890533442135502849Twitter for iPhone,Wow the Failing @nytimes said about @foxandfriends ....the most powerful T.V. show in America."
Thank you for your support last night Iowa! #VoteTrump #Trump2016 #IACaucus #FITN #IAPolitics 

....earth shattering. He and his brother could Drain The Swamp which would be yet another campaign promise fulfilled. Fake News weak!
All raising taxes on businesses does is force business owners to lay off employees they can no longer afford. (cont) 
Memorial Day is a time to honor our nation's finest who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom. God bless them all.
I want to end the day by saying there is no check I would rather write than that to a good charity designated by our President.
In the end Andy Pettitte did not rat out his friend Roger Clemens. I like him again a lot.
.@BarbaraJWalters called my office to ask me to do election night coverage with her--sadly I won't be able to do it.
122 vicious prisoners released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo have returned to the battlefield. Just another terrible decision!
Left New Hampshire for Turnberry in Scotland which I am renovating. This place is incredible! @TrumpTurnberry
An all concrete Wall was NEVER ABANDONED as has been reported by the media. Some areas will be all concrete but the experts at Border Patrol prefer a Wall that is see through (thereby making it possible to see what is happening on both sides). Makes sense to me!
This is one of the most horrible abuses of all. Those texts between gaga lovers would have told the whole story. Illegal deletion by Mueller. They gave us “the insurance policy.” 
The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace.Too bad but we will get it done anyway!
The exclusive home of @PGATOUR's @CadillacChamp @TrumpDoral sits on 800 beautiful acres in the center of Miami 
I have always had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer. He is far smarter than Harry R and has the ability to get things done. Good news!
The Club For Growth said in their ad that 465 delegates (Cruz) plus 143 delegates (Kasich) is more than my 739 delegates. Try again!
World Autism Awareness Day 2019: Significance history and theme via @htTweets 
If the Dems (Crooked Hillary) got elected your stocks would be down 50% from values on Election Day. Now they have a great future - and just beginning! 
This is the One Year Anniversary of my Presidency and the Democrats wanted to give me a nice present. #DemocratShutdown
I have always done well with properties fronting on oceans lakes and rivers. If something works stay with it.
I want to thank evangelical Christians for the warm embrace I've received on the campaign trail. Video: 
thilan_GolfSwag               @realDonaldTrump Played Doral for the first time. absolutely great course! Fantastic job! Thanks.
“Trump gets no credit for what he’s done in the Middle East.”  @IngrahamAngle  So true thank you Laura!
Dummy Bill Maher did an advertisement for the failing New York Times where the picture of him is very sad-he looks pathetic bloated &amp; gone!
Face The Nation's interview of me was the highest rated show that they have had in 15 years. Congratulations and WOW!  @CBSNews @jdickerson
In our Country so much money has been poured down the drain for so many years but when it comes to Border Security and the Military the Democrats fight to the death. We won on the Military which is being completely rebuilt. One way or the other we will win on the Wall!
Remember after this new episode starts - 5 MINUTES!
Fact--Obama does not read his intelligence briefings nor does he get briefed in person by the CIA or DOD. Too busy I guess!
Looking forward to the GOP  debate and the outcome of the Ames straw poll. We must get a real leader.
Join us in Iowa tomorrow! #IACaucus #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 3:00pm:  7:30pm: 

Sue Gordon is a great professional with a long and distinguished career. I have gotten to know Sue over the past 2 years and have developed great respect for her. Sue has announced she will be leaving on August 15 which....
A fantastic evening in Cape Girardeau Missouri. Josh @HawleyMO will be a tireless champion for YOU. He is great on jobs great on tax cuts and tough on crime. He shares your values and he will always support our Military Vets and Police! Get out tomorrow and VOTE for Josh!! 
Congrats to @Reince Priebus a really good and talented man. We’re proud of you Reince! 
It was a great honor to have spoken before the countries of the world at the United Nations.#USAatUNGA🇺🇸# 
It is finally happening for our great clean coal miners! 
Over the past 11 months I have travelled tens of thousands of miles to visit 13 countries. I have met with more than 100 world leaders and everywhere I traveled it was my highest privilege and greatest honor to represent the AMERICAN PEOPLE! 
Now the UN is attacking @Redskins franchise  With all the world's problems is this really a top priority?
....months the lowest since 1972.” The Wall Street Journal Editorial Board A Tale of Two Economies. @IngrahamAngle
I spoke at length yesterday to Rabbi Yisroel Goldstein Chabad  of Poway where I extended my warmest condolences to him and all affected by the shooting in California. What a great guy. He had a least one finger blown off and all he wanted to do is help others. Very special!
Congrats to my friend @Schwarzenegger who is doing next season’s  Celebrity Apprentice. He'll be great &amp; will raise lots of $ for charity.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The so-called Whistleblower before knowing I was going to release the exact Transcript stated that my call with the Ukrainian President was “crazy frightening and completely lacking in substance related to national security.” This is a very big Lie. Read the Transcript!
…Create peace and great prosperity for his land. I look forward to meeting him and have a feeling that this one-time opportunity will not be wasted!
How does failed writer and pundit like @stephenfhayes with no success and little talent get away with criticizing candidates.
I agree! The headline says it all. #Trump2016 #
“The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.” – General Douglas MacArthur
Dopey Sugar—@Lord_Sugar  Isn’t it sad that my golf course in Scotland just got “best new course in the world”—it’s worth more than you are!

My interview on @ASavageNation discussing why @MittRomney will defeat @BarackObama with a strong campaign. 
One of the greatest tributes to a father I have ever witnessed--given to the great @jacknicklaus by his wonderful son 
Great new polls! Thank you Nevada North Carolina &amp; Ohio. Join the MOVEMENT today &amp; lets #MAGA!… 
.@rushlimbaugh Rush I am in LA inspecting property (big job creator) &amp; listening to you. You are truly fantastic--thanks!
A resort in Arizona is using sewage to make snow. Environmentalists are going crazy--I won't be skiing in that snow.
Congratulations to @TrumpPanama for winning the 2015 Traveler's Choice Award from @TripAdvisor 
I appreciate the kind words of Mike Huckabee a fine American 
Via @BBCNews: “Donald Trump visits his newly-purchased Turnberry golf resort” 
Thank you Charlie! 
Besides an award winning golf course @TrumpGolfLA features exquisite estates on top the Palos Verdes Peninsula 
After all that I have done for the Military our great Veterans Judges (99) Justices (2) Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts the Economy Energy Trade &amp; MUCH MORE does anybody really think I won’t build the WALL? Done more in first two years than any President! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Michael Whatley has been with us right from the beginning. A great Leader and @NCGOP Chairman! 
Full efforts are being made to stop the onslaught of illegal aliens from crossing our Souther Border. People have to apply for asylum in Mexico first and if they fail to do that the U.S. will turn them away. The courts are asking the U.S. to do things that are not doable!
Our fallen heroes have not only written our history they have shaped our destiny. They saved the lives of the men and women with whom they served. They cared for their families more than anything in the world they loved their families. They inspired their communities... 
My Administration has identified three major priorities for creating a safe modern and lawful immigration system: fully securing the border ending chain migration and canceling the visa lottery. Congress must secure the immigration system and protect Americans. 
The Trump Tower restaurant Trump Grill just received the highest sanitary inspection grade possible “A” – the food is also great!
My friend (always there when I’ve needed him!) Senator @RandPaul was just tested “positive” from the Chinese Virus. That is not good! He is strong and will get better. Just spoke to him and he was in good spirits.
# 
There was No Collusion with Russia (except by the Democrats). When will this very expensive Witch Hunt Hoax ever end? So bad for our Country. Is the Special Counsel/Justice Department leaking my lawyers letters to the Fake News Media? Should be looking at Dems corruption instead?
SCHIFF'S CHARADE @SeanHannity 
Stop "The China Curse" -- Pass the Chinese Currency Bill!
Big crowd expected in New Mexico tonight where we will WIN. Your Border Wall is getting stronger each and every day — see you in a few hours! 
Off to Indiana! #Trump2016 
It’s not fair that I’m being Impeached when I’ve done absolutely nothing wrong! The Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats have become the Party of Hate. They are so bad for our Country!
Read about my victory against sleazebag @AGSchneiderman. More people should fight when they’re right! 
Stock Market at new all-time high! Working on new trade deals that will be great for U.S. and its workers!
Congratulations to @thomtillis on winning @NCGOP Senate primary. Time for the party to unite and defeat ObamaCare advocate Kay Hagan!
“If you don't have time to do it right when will you have time to do it over?” - John Wooden
With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans!
I'm convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance. Steve Jobs
Lawyer Elizabeth Beck was easy for me to beat. Ask her clients if they are happy with her results against me. Got total win and legal fees.
Via @thestate by @andyshain: “Donald Trump joins other 2016 prospects speaking at SC Tea Party Convention”
We should look to China where big time pollution takes place as they manufacture inefficient and costly wind turbines for Scotland!
.@AustinKaiser52 The 2 people I am most excited to hear speak on Thrursday at @CPACnews is @GovChristie &amp; @realDonaldTrump #DCBound" Thanks.
Discussing #NewYorkValuesin Buffalo last night- on the eve of the #NYPrimary.LETS GO NY! #VoteTrump 
“The latest Polls find 51% of Americans approve of President Trump’s Job Performance. Last month a Democrat Pollster said President Trump’s approval rating has been the most steady of any President in history!” @OANN
Wow Ted Cruz falsely suggested Marco Rubio mocked the Bible and was just forced to fire his Communications Director. More dirty tricks!
My thoughts and prayers go out to the @PhillyPolice &amp; @Penn police officers- in Philadelphia. 
Look forward to being in the Great State of Michigan tonight. Major business expansion and jobs pouring into your State. Auto companies expanding at record pace. Big crowd tonight will be live on T.V.
I have raised/given a tremendous amount of money to our great VETERANS and have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so. Watch!
Leaving Michigan now great visit heading for Iowa. Big Rally!
I ask Senator Chuck Schumer why didn’t President Obama &amp; the Democrats do something about Trade with China including Theft of Intellectual Property etc.? They did NOTHING! With that being said Chuck &amp; I have long agreed on this issue! Fair Trade plus with China will happen!
It's not climate changeit's global warming.Don't let the dollar sucking wiseguys change names midstream because the first name didn't work
Trump: If Republicans 'don't get tough they're not going to win this election'   Via @thehill
Today I had the great honor of awarding the Commander-in-Chief’s Trophy for the first time in 21 years to the @ArmyWP_Football Black Knights at the @WhiteHouse. Congratulations!
.@MoInTheHouse Brooks is running for Congress in the Great State of Alabama. He is a huge supporter of the #MAGA Agenda. Mo fully supports Securing our Border w/the WALL he Loves our Military &amp; Vets &amp; is Strong on the #2A. Mo has my Complete Endorsement! 
Obama’s speech on climate change was scary. It will lower our standard of living and raise costs of fuel &amp; food for everyone.
I only signed the Defense Production Act to combat the Chinese Virus should we need to invoke it in a worst case scenario in the future. Hopefully there will be no need but we are all in this TOGETHER!
New polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is FAKE and almost always negative. Would still beat Hillary in .....
Congratulations John! 
I didn't suggest a database-a reporter did. We must defeat Islamic terrorism &amp; have surveillance including a watch list to protect America
Crooked Hillary Clinton who called BREXIT 100% wrong (along with Obama) is now spending Wall Street money on an ad on my correct call.
Heading to the Southern White House to watch the Funeral Service of Barbara Bush. First Lady Melania has arrived in Houston to pay our respects. Will be a beautiful day!
Browse Donald Trump's Summer Reading List for Business Success at the Trump University Blog: 
.... against something I knew never existed Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous!) - No Obstruction. This Russia Hoax must never happen to another President and Law Enforcement must find out HOW DID IT START?
We need a #POTUS with great strength &amp; stamina. Hillary does not have that.#Trump2016  
Once again we will have a government of by and for the people. Join the MOVEMENT today!  
Larry Kudlow will be my Chief Economic Advisor as Director of the National Economic Council. Our Country will have many years of Great Economic &amp; Financial Success with low taxes unparalleled innovation fair trade and an ever expanding labor force leading the way! #MAGA
Great success today at NATO! Billions of additional dollars paid by members since my election. Great spirit!
People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! Biggest trade deficit in many years! More attacks will follow Orlando
Democrats just blocked @FoxNews from holding a debate. Good then I think I’ll do the same thing with the Fake News Networks and the Radical Left Democrats in the General Election debates!
Everything the Democrats are asking me for is based on an illegally started investigation that failed for them especially when the Mueller Report came back with a NO COLLUSION finding. Now they say Impeach President Trump even though he did nothin wrong while they “fish!”
Chuck Hagel showed gross incompetence before yesterdays Senate panel...our new Secretary of Defense.
Thank you @EricTrump! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Why didn’t President Obama do something about the so-called Russian Meddling when he was told about it by the FBI before the Election? Because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win and he didn’t want to upset the apple cart! He was in charge not me and did nothing.
America is at a great disadvantage. Putin is ex-KGB Obama is a community organizer. Unfair.
Trump arrives for SC Tea Party Convention in Myrtle  via @WCBD
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.--Thomas A. Edison
Via @TVbytheNumbers: 'Celebrity Apprentice' is Number 1 among ABC CBS &amp; NBC for its Second Hour from 10-11 p.m. 
The best vision is insight. -- Malcolm Forbes
Totally unauthorized do not pay. I am self funding my campaign! Notice has just been withdrawn. #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
COURT FINDS IN FAVOR OF TRUMP UNIVERSITY 
Working hard thank you! 
“The number of employed Americans has now set a 14th record under President Trump. Over the year average hourly earnings have increased by 84 cents or 3.2%. Participation Rate hits Trump-Era High.” CNS NEWS.  And we will do even better with new trade deals and all else!
#ThrowbackThursday #
Good luck Angela! 
Today Obama will give another speech on the economy. Tomorrow our country will still be $17T+ in debt with 18% real unemployment.
My @FoxBusiness int. w/Don Imus on not drinking alcohol politicians being all talk and no action &amp; the border 
A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him.” -   Gen. Douglas MacArthur,08-28-2013 20:08:48,142,81,false,372813033489182720Twitter Web Client,.@tracegallagher and @FredTecce discussing my case on @FoxNews  19:55:36,11,6,false,372809711671705600Twitter Web Client,“You owe it to yourself and to your community to make your property the best it can be.” – Think Like a Billionaire,08-28-2013 19:47:01,233,146,false,372807553148669952Twitter Web Client,The misery of Obama’s economic policies. US households with unemployed parent was at record high in 2011  19:06:36,62,18,false,372797382758395904Twitter Web Client,Remember all these ‘freedom fighters’ in Syria want to fly planes into our buildings.,08-28-2013 18:57:57,757,488,false,372795204710830080Twitter Web Client,Congratulations to @marklevinshow on ‘The Liberty Amendments’ debuting at #1 on the NY Times’ bestseller list. Must read!,08-28-2013 18:40:16,41,32,false,372790753564446720Twitter Web Client,Congrats to @TimTebow on making @Patriots’ first cut. Stay strong and positive! We are all rooting for you.,08-28-2013 18:32:33,510,335,false,372788812201484288Twitter Web Client,Josh8J4                   @realDonaldTrump I have a dream that you will be president to make this country great again. #USA" Thank you.
Who knew this innocent kid would grow into a monster? #TBT #Trump 
On my way to Iowa. Will be landing in Des Moines in two hours. See ya!
“Be tough be smart be personable but don’t take things personally. That’s good business.” – Think Like a Champion
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue the White House is the place I have come to love and will stay for hopefully another 5 years as we MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN but my family and I will be making Palm Beach Florida our Permanent Residence. I cherish New York and the people of.....
When I intelligently turned down The Club For Growth crazy request for $1000000 they got nasty.What a waste of money that would have been
The Media is destroying the Free Press! Mark Levin. So True!
Yet another weak hit by a candidate with a failing campaign. Will Jeb sink as low in the polls as the others who have gone after me?
Shock - @BarackObama's DNC Convention has a $27M deficit and events are starting to be canceled. 
I had 15000 people in Phoenix but @politico said "the rooms capacity is just over 2000." But said Bernie  Sanders had 11000 in same room.
Entrepreneurs: Realize that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less.
Entrepreneurs who develop their Midas Touch do not work for money. They work to create or acquire assets. Focus on assets.
So interesting that bad lawyer Michael Cohen who sadly will not be testifying before Congress is using the lawyer of Crooked Hillary Clinton to represent him - Gee how did that happen? Remember July 4th weekend when Crooked went before FBI &amp; wasn’t sworn in no tape nothing?
“China Trade Turmoil: China Urging a CALM AND RATIONAL Solution.” @MariaBartiromo @FoxBusiness China is doing very poorly while the USA under your favorite President’s leadership continues to soar to new heights - and despite the Do Nothing Democrats we have just begun!
The wonderful people of Puerto Rico with their unmatched spirit know how bad things were before the H's. I will always be with them!
Polls say they BOTH lose to “Trump”. 
I will be speaking Monday September 24 (10 A.M.) at Liberty University to a record setting student body. I look forward to it!
Great job done by @GovRonDesantis @SenRickScott Senator @MarcoRubio and all of the those from Florida that were so brilliantly involved including @FEMA @USCG Law Enforcement and First Responders. Thank you all!
...And they say you can add 7% to 10% to all Trump numbers! Who knows? 
Somebody with aptitude and conviction should buy the FAKE NEWS and failing @nytimes and either run it correctly or let it fold with dignity!
Jobless Claims fell to their lowest level in 49 years!
Six days and counting until my offer to Barack Obama expires...
..Spread is way too much as other countries say THANK YOU to clueless Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve. Germany and many others are playing the game! CRAZY INVERTED YIELD CURVE! We should easily be reaping big Rewards &amp; Gains but the Fed is holding us back. We will Win!
“This is a big win for America and also for President Trump.” @nypost
The failing @nytimes reporters don't even call us anymore they just write whatever they want to write making up sources along the way!
Joint Press Conference from Helsinki Finland: 
What a STUPID deal for Verizon to buy AOL for $4.4 billion. AOL has been bad luck for everyone who touched it. Worth less than $1 billion!
Based on very popular demand I will be live tweeting tomorrow night during the Presidential debate.
We have tremendous economic power over China if our leaders knew how to use it which they don't! China's economy would collapse without us.
....They exonerated him completely of being an agent of Russia (Recently Crooked Hillary charged Tulsi Gabbard &amp; Jill Stein with the same thing-SICK) and yet Mr. Comey still runs to the White House on February 14 and conjures up the Obstruction of Justice narrative against.....
Had a special visitor in my office yesterday for @TIME photo shoot. 
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!
“Triggered” a great book by my son Don. Now number one on @NYTIMES LIST. Keep it there for a while!
Just arrived at #ASEAN50 in the Philippines for my final stop with World Leaders. Will lead to FAIR TRADE DEALS unlike the horror shows from past Administrations. Will then be leaving for D.C. Made many good friends!
.@kevinolearytv Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. You tell it like it is! Also thx for the nice mention. Your book sounds great!
As President I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU the American people! 
Happy Birthday @DonaldJTrumpJr!
The Arab League stated that it wants nothing to do with an attack on Syria but they want us to attack.Are our leaders insane or just stupid
In even the darkest moments the light of our people has shown through their goodness their courage and their love. #USA🇺🇸 
Watch my appearance on @foxandfriends... 
Stock Market up BIG! Record highs for S&amp;P 500 and NASDAQ. Enjoy!
The replacement refs are getting blamed for everything. I've seen many bad sports calls over the years.
Economy is BOOMING. Seems set to have yet another record day!
More $ thrown away - @BarackObama gave $20M to Amonix and praised its "success" in '10. It just filed for bankruptcy 
Sad--only 36% think America's best days are ahead while 49% believe they are in the past   We can &amp; must do better.
....targeted 52 Iranian sites (representing the 52 American hostages taken by Iran many years ago) some at a very high level &amp; important to Iran &amp;  the Iranian culture and those targets and Iran itself WILL BE HIT VERY FAST AND VERY HARD. The USA wants no more threats!
Daniel Cameron who just won the A.G. race in the Great Commonwealth of Kentucky is a young and very talented political star. You will be hearing much from Cameron in the years to come!
In all fairness to Anthony Scaramucci he wanted to endorse me 1st before the Republican Primaries started but didn't think I was running!
The voting booth process was a total disaster—it could and should be much better and more efficient—tremendous room for error!
The RNC has a great Chairwoman in Ronna McDaniel and the @GOP has never been stronger. We achieved historic wins with her help last year! #MAGA🇺🇸
The Mar-a-Lago Club the crown jewel of Palm Beach is a landmark in the National Register of Historic Places 
If @OMAROSA is not in the Board Room I can’t fire her.  @latoyajackson made a strategic mistake.
....amounts of agricultural product from our great Farmers. At the request of our High Tech companies and President Xi I agreed to allow Chinese company Huawei to buy product from them which will not impact our  National Security. Importantly we have opened up negotiations...
Congrats to @AlCardenasACU and @CPACnews. I really enjoyed being there—the response was so terrific!
Via @EW: “@CelebApprentice All-Stars' first trailer” 
“@TrumpFerryPoint  A Brand New Championship Golf Course In NYC Developed By Donald Trump- And Anyone Can Play It” 
We got A Pluses for our recent hurricane work in Texas and Florida (and did an unappreciated great job in Puerto Rico even though an inaccessible island with very poor electricity and a totally incompetent Mayor of San Juan). We are ready for the big one that is coming!
Maduro willing to negotiate with opposition in Venezuela following U.S. sanctions and the cutting off of oil revenues. Guaido is being targeted by Venezuelan Supreme Court. Massive protest expected today. Americans should not travel to Venezuela until further notice.
Had dinner this week at @MEGUNYC (at Trump World Tower) opposite the United Nations—fantastic food! 212.964.7777
“On 1/20 - the day Trump was inaugurated - an estimated 35000 ISIS fighters held approx 17500 square miles of territory in both Iraq and Syria. As of 12/21 the U.S. military est the remaining 1000 or so fighters occupy roughly 1900 square miles..” @jamiejmcintyre @dcexaminer 
All Presidential candidates should immediately disavow their Super PAC’s. They're not only breaking the spirit of the law but the law itself
There is a rumor put out by the Democrats that Josh Hawley of Missouri left the Arena last night early. It is Fake News. He met me at the plane when I arrived spoke at the great Rally &amp; stayed to the very end. In fact I said goodbye to him and left before he did. Deception!
Ron Paul is right when he says we are wasting lives and money in Iraq and Afghanistan.
In many ways this is the greatest economy in the HISTORY of America and the best time EVER to look for a job!
If we let Crooked run the govt history will remember 2017 as the year America lost its independence. #DrainTheSwamp 
It's very sad that Republicans even some that were carried over the line on my back do very little to protect their President.
Too bad we didn’t have the G-7 here. I offered to pick up the entire cost would have saved at least $35000000 for the USA. Best location. Very stupid people thought I would gain. Wrong! Looking at Camp David. Will announce soon. 
Hypocrite! @HillaryClinton claims she needs a “public and a private stance” in discussions with Wall Street banks. #Debate
Must read via @IowaGOP by @shanevanderhart: “Congress Should Vote No on Syria” 
Thank you Piers. 
One of the greatest and most powerful weapons used by the Fake and Corrupt News Media is the phony Polling Information they put out. Many of these polls are fixed or worked in such a way that a certain candidate will look good or bad. Internal polling looks great the best ever!
Via @11AliveNews by @JenniferJJacobs: “Trump heads to Iowa as '16 speculation rises” 
Romance or Adventure- what do you prefer? #CelebApprentice
I hate when the news media so afraid to offend anyone always refers to the BOSTON KILLER as "the suspect".
Join me in Florida this Saturday at 5pm for a rally at the Orlando-Melbourne International Airport!Tickets:… 
Weiner and Spitzer are on top of the latest polls.  A sad day for the greatest city on earth! They will spend lots of time together.
Just letting China know in advance that the USA will win the medal count in the Olympics. Even with your cheating you can't beat us.
Finally great news at the Border! 
Our economy is the best in the world by far. Lowest unemployment ever within almost all categories. Poised for big growth after trade deals are completed. Import prices down China eating Tariffs. Helping targeted Farmers from big Tariff money coming in. Great future for USA!
Why did the Obama Administration start an investigation into the Trump Campaign (with zero proof of wrongdoing) long before the Election in November? Wanted to discredit so Crooked H would win. Unprecedented. Bigger than Watergate! Plus Obama did NOTHING about Russian meddling.
Yesterday China VP Xi stressed "the benefits of trade with China" to Congress   We need FAIR TRADE with China!
....monsters the United States stands ready willing &amp; able to get involved and do the job quickly and effectively. The great new President of Mexico has made this a big issue but the cartels have become so large and powerful that you sometimes need an army to defeat an army!
.@ericbolling  Great job on The Five tonight and not only because you were so nice to The Apprentice. See you soon and thanks!
In memory of Joan Rivers- watch when she became my Celebrity Apprentice- which meant so much to her! 
This ‘deal’ @RNC voted for has $41 in tax increases for every $1 in spending cuts.  It is pathetic.  Obama is laughing at them.
The Council is concerned over the health &amp; safety for the village of Blackdog w/ placement of sub-station. @AlexSalmond @pressjournal
Everyone is asking if and when I will endorse a candidate in the NYC mayoral race.  Doing my due diligence…
....The Fake News Media in our Country is the real Opposition Party. It is truly the Enemy of the People! We must bring honesty back to journalism and reporting!
Congress use the power of the purse. STOP AMNESTY!
I will be at the @USGA #USWomensOpen in Bedminster NJ tomorrow. Big crowds expected &amp; the women are playing great-should be very exciting!
They don’t know how to do that! 
News conference at the White House concerning the Omnibus Spending Bill.  1:00 P.M.
Senator Ben Sasse has done a wonderful job representing the people of Nebraska. He is great with our Vets the Military and your very important Second Amendment. Strong on Crime and the Border Ben has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Interesting that certain Middle-Eastern countries agree with the ban. They know if certain people are allowed in it's death &amp; destruction!
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
Huff Post "His early morning speech drew a large crowd far larger than remarks at the same time on Thursday" and packed by end! The facts.
...years or maybe 10 or 14 (just kidding) they will quickly go out of business for lack of credibility or approval from the public. That’s why they will all be Endorsing me at some point one way or the other. Could you imagine having Sleepy Joe Biden or Alfred E. Newman...
Lots of response that Obama should give the $5M to the families of our great heroes who were murdered in Benghazi.

.@TomMcClintock is a strong Conservative Leader who will always fight for the people of California. He fully supports our #MAGA Agenda will continue to Secure Our Border Loves our Military &amp; Vets &amp; is Strong on the #2A. Tom has my Complete Endorsement! 
The Remains of American Servicemen will soon be leaving North Korea and heading to the United States! After so many years this will be a great moment for so many families. Thank you to Kim Jong Un.
We traveled the world to strengthen long-standing alliances and to form new partnerships. See more at:… 
My Administration is helping U.S. auto workers by replacing the failed Obama Emissions Rule. Impossible to satisfy its Green New Deal Standard; Lots of unnecessary and expensive penalties to car buyers!
Now he has made his Busey-ism into a song. #CelebApprentice
We defeated 100% of the ISIS Caliphate and no longer have any troops in the area under attack by Turkey in Syria. We did our job perfectly! Now Turkey is attacking the Kurds who have been fighting each other for 200 years....
Only a fool would believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary did not know.
If Obama attacks Syria and innocent civilians are hurt and killed he and the U.S. will look very bad!
Tom Brokaw keeps calling Mitt Romney "George" (Mitt's father). Sadly time is up for Tom.
....Democrats talking point is that we are doing badly. If the virus disappeared tomorrow they would say we did a really poor and even incompetent job. Not fair but it is what it is. So far by the way we have not had one death. Let’s keep it that way!
The hardest thing I have to do as President... 
.@GOP must stay focused on defunding ObamaCare and the impending budget battle. Don’t let Syria rule the agenda.
Hillary Clinton should ask why the Democrat pols in Atlantic City made all the wrong moves - Convention Center Airport - and destroyed City
AMERICA USED TO BE THE LEADER OF THE WORLD. THANKS TO OBAMA AMERICA ISN'T EVEN LEADING FROM BEHIND.
Happy #StPatricksDay 
It's driving @ariannahuff &amp; the money losing @HuffingtonPost post crazy that I am #1 in their poll and they only write bad stories about me!
Happy Easter to everyone!
The Daily Snooze publishes lies about me. They should be ashamed but it will die very soon.
How is @VanityFair editor Graydon Carter allowed to run bad food restaurant Beatrice Inn? Fire Graydon!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
.@Yankees are in trouble without Derek. Try A-Rod at short- get him some confidence.
A great great honor to welcome &amp; recognize the National Teacher of the Year as well as the Teacher of the Year fro… 
I am in the White House working hard. News reports concerning the Shutdown and Syria are mostly FAKE. We are negotiating with the Democrats on desperately needed Border Security (Gangs Drugs Human Trafficking &amp; more) but it could be a long stay. On Syria we were originally...
The Tax Cut Bill is coming along very well great support. With just a few changes some mathematical the middle class and job producers can get even more in actual dollars and savings and the pass through provision becomes simpler and really works well!
So true - thanks @SteveHiltonx @NextRevFNC! 
Statement on House Passage of Kate’s Law and No Sanctuary for Criminals Act. 
And the Do Nothing Democrats want to impeach President Trump? 
In the first hours after hearing that North Korea’s leader wanted to meet with me to talk denuclearization and that missile launches will end the press was startled &amp; amazed.They couldn’t believe it. But by the following morning the news became FAKE.They said so what who cares!
THANK YOU St. Augustine Florida! Get out and VOTE! Join the MOVEMENT - and lets #DrainTheSwamp! Off to Tampa now!… 
Congratulations to @KingJames on winning Athlete of the Year in last night’s @ESPYS. LeBron is also a great guy!
Please explain to the dummies at the @WSJ  Editorial Board that I love to debate and have won according to Drudge etc. all 11 of them!
Wow! A Suffolk/USA Today Poll just out states “50% of Americans AGREE that  Robert Mueller’s investigation is a Witch Hunt.” @MSNBC  Very few think it is legit! We will soon find out?
My thoughts and prayers are with the Florence County Sheriff’s Office and the Florence Police Department tonight in South Carolina. We are forever grateful for what our Law Enforcement Officers do 24/7/365. 
Subject to the receipt of further information I will be allowing as President the long blocked and classified JFK FILES to be opened.
Gallup poll proves that @BarackObama's regulation and Obamacare are stopping small business owners from hiring   SHOCK!
Think big set your vision high and go for it. You'll be shocked by what you can accomplish when you do.  - Midas Touch
The Impeachment Hoax is interfering with the 2020 Election - But that was the idea behind the Radical Left Do Nothing Dems Scam attack. They always knew I did nothing wrong!
It was a great honor to welcome President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence.➡️… 
USMCA is a cutting edge state of the art agreement that protects defends and serves the great people of our Country. Promises Made Promises Kept! 
The @StLouisBlues amazing comeback reminds us to never give up – and never lose faith. When you work hard support each other believe in yourself and give it everything you’ve got victory is always within reach! #STLBlues 
Good luck to Alice Johnson. Have a wonderful life!
My @WMUR9 ‘Close Up’ int. with @JoshMcElveen discussing the midterms the new Congress travelling to NH &amp; 2016 
Lithium ion batteries should  not be allowed to be used in aircraft. I won't fly on the Boeing 787 Dreamliner - it uses those batteries.
Hillary Advisers Wanted Her To Avoid Supporting Israel When Talking To Democrats: 
.@meetthepress and @chucktodd did a 1 hour hit job on me today – totally biased and mostly false. Dishonest media!
Democrats in the Senate are still slow walking hundreds of highly qualified people wanting to come into government. Never been such an abuse in our country’s history. Mitch should not let Senate go home until all are approved. We need our Ambassadors and all others NOW!
....doing things that nobody thought possible despite the never ending and corrupt Russia Investigation which takes tremendous time and focus. No Collusion or Obstruction (other than I fight back) so now they do the Unthinkable and RAID a lawyers office for information! BAD!
“When Trump visited the island territory last October OFFICIALS told him in a briefing 16 PEOPLE had died from Maria.” The Washington Post. This was long AFTER the hurricane took place. Over many months it went to 64 PEOPLE. Then like magic “3000 PEOPLE KILLED.” They hired....
AMERICAN HERO! 
Watch me tonight at 9PM ET on @CNN full hour. @Piersmorgan won @ApprenticeNBC before taking over Larry King's slot- should be interesting.
The @MissUniverse contestants review their amazing stay at @TrumpDoral- 
It is very hard and expensive to live in New York. Governor Andrew Cuomo uses his Attorney General as a bludgeoning tool for his own purposes. They sue on everything always in search of a crime. I even got sued on a Foundation which took Zero rent &amp; expenses &amp; gave away...
Wonderful account of U.S. Embassy (Iraq) vs. the Bengahzi disaster! 
Looking forward to greeting the Hostages (no longer) at 2:00 A.M.
Great parade in The Villages- I love you all. We will #MAGA. Thank you for the incredible support-I will not forget! 
....As well as we are doing from the day after the great Election when the Market shot right up it could have been even better - massive additional wealth would have been created &amp; used very well. Our most difficult problem is not our competitors it is the Federal Reserve!
A great new book by Howie Carr “What Really Happened How Donald J. Trump Saved America From Hillary Clinton” is on sale now. Howie is a talented New England force who was there at the very beginning!
Looking for an excuse not to cook for Thanksgiving? Many NYC outlets will delivery a full meal including @TrumpSoHo 
A total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest!
Will be leaving the Philippines tomorrow after many days of constant mtgs &amp; work in order to #MAGA! My promises are rapidly being fulfilled.
Congratulations to @joniernst on delivering a strong conservative message in her #SOTU response. Joni will be a great senator.
Throwing out the first pitch a few years ago at Fenway in Boston- Boston will be better than ever. 
I enjoyed my interview with @GStephanopoulos on @ABC. So funny to watch the Fake News Media try to dissect &amp; distort every word in as negative a way as possible. It will be aired on Sunday night at 8:00 P.M. and is called “President Trump: 30 Hours” (which is somewhat....
Today I introduced my Contract with the American Voter - our economy will be STRONG &amp; our people will be SAFE.… 
The racial divide in our country is almost at an all-time high - and getting worse every time you turn on the television.
Great day with Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan. We played a quick round of golf by the beautiful Potomac River while talking Trade and many other subjects. He has now left for Japan and I am on my way to Wisconsin where a very large crowd of friends await! 
The rigged Dem Primary one of the biggest political stories in years got ZERO coverage on Fake News Network TV last night. Disgraceful!
McConnell Backs Trump: Mueller Report Is 'Case Closed' | Breitbart  via @BreitbartNews
Congrats to fantastic All-Star @ApprenticeNBC celebrity &amp; illusionist @pennjillette on being honored at 2013 Hollywood Walk of Fame!
Even with lower profit projections American firms are still throwing money into China   Obama is killing investment.
Alison Grimes supports harsh restrictions to kill coal industry &amp; supports Obama's anti-gun legislation. Vote @Team_Mitch!
True thanks.  
PROMISES MADE PROMISES KEPT! 
Michael Isikoff was the first to report Dossier allegations and now seriously doubts the Dossier claims. The whole Russian Collusion thing was a HOAX but who is going to restore the good name of so many people whose reputations have been destroyed?
Economy growing! Excluding hurricane effects CEA estimates that real GDP growth would have been 3.9% in Q3.Stock market at a new high unemployment at a low. We are winning and TAX CUTS will shift our economy into high gear! 
.....much tougher game than the Republicans did when they had the House Majority. Republicans will remember! “This has already been argued before the U.S. Supreme Court but the House doesn’t want to wait. This is a common thread between all of the Committees - do whatever you...
Dateline NBC featuring yours truly just set a season high in households in the ratings—no wonder NBC likes me so much! @nbc
#MadeInAmerica Showcase! 
....got fired. Wrote a very nice book about me just recently. Now the book is a lie? Said his wife was driving him crazy “something big” was happening with her. Getting divorced. He was a mental wreck. We didn’t want him around. Now Fake News puts him on like he was my buddy!
The failing @nytimes has become a newspaper of fiction. Their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources. Very dishonest!
A TRULY GREAT CHAMPION WILL SELDOM FAIL AND ALWAYS COME BACK. NEVER UNDERESTIMATE THE POWER OF GREATNESS!
 @MissyCombs38  Please stop renovating/creating golf courses. We need you to renovate the White House! #trumpforpresident  Cute!
Congratulations to @DJohnsonPGA on his 20th PGA Tour WIN. Not only is Dustin a truly great golfer he is a wonderful guy. Big year ahead for Dustin!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Pittsburgh jobless rate hits lowest point since the early 1970s (maybe even better than that) and Sleepy Joe just had his first rally there. Fact is every economic aspect of our Country is the best it has ever been! 
The reason lyin' Ted Cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just don't tolerate liars-a big problem!
Donald Trump will be appearing on The View tomorrow morning to discuss Celebrity Apprentice and his new book Think Like A Champion!
I hope the House and Senate Democrats in particular watch this. It is a classic. Thank you to @JudgeJeanine Pirro! 
I wish President @BarackObama the best of luck in his second term...
The same people who did the phony election polls and were so wrong are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before.
Nancy this just doesn’t seem right! 
My representatives had a great meeting w/ the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce at the WH today. Look forward to tremendous growth &amp; future mtgs!
Great to be back in Arizona!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
.@CNN is so disgusting in their bias but they are having a hard time promoting Crooked Hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals.
Via @Newsmax_Media: "Romney Said Nothing Wrong" 
...Congress must immediately pass Border Legislation use Nuclear Option if necessary to stop the massive inflow of Drugs and People. Border Patrol Agents (and ICE) are GREAT but the weak Dem laws don’t allow them to do their job. Act now Congress our country is being stolen!
The sequester is less than 2% of total 2013 budget. Why can’t the WH re-allocate funds and keep the tours open for children? #OpenOurWH
Amazing… @VattenfallGroup tried to destroy Aberdeen.
I predicted Apple's stock fall based on their dumb refusal to give the option of a larger  iPhone screen like Samsung. I sold my Apple stock
So great that oil prices are falling (thank you President T). Add that which is like a big Tax Cut to our other good Economic news. Inflation down (are you listening Fed)!
“After The Flight 93 Election The Vote That Saved America - And What We Still Have To Lose” by very talented Michael Anton is a terrific read. Check it out!
Obama’s coal regulations will destroy the coal industry put Americans out of work raise electricity prices &amp; lead to blackouts.
Thank you Albany New York!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain # 
Trump Int'l Golf Links Ireland in County Clare fronts the Atlantic Ocean &amp; is #1 Resort in Europe/Conde Nast Traveler 
Congratulations to our Olympic team for by far winning the most medals including first place gold.
CNN is the worst - fortunately they have bad ratings because everyone knows they are biased. 
Sarasota was an unbelievable success. We expected 5000 a record but 12000 showed up! Great love in the air! 
Will be heading to Grand Rapids Michigan tonight for a Big Rally. Will be talking about the many exciting things that are happening to our Country but also the car companies &amp; others that are pouring back into Michigan Ohio Pennsylvania North &amp; South Carolina &amp; all over!
Obama will send troops back into Iraq combat zone. Don’t believe anything he says. Just covering for his mistakes.
URGENT: we’ve just announced a $2 million fundraising goal tonight. Please stand with us!  
For what is the best choice for each individual is the highest it is possible for him to achieve. -- Aristotle
....cause big disruption by going to Manhattan. Working almost all of the time including evenings. Don’t have to be in W.H. to do that...And sooo many other false statements. He is right about one thing though. I will win again in 2020. Otherwise he pays 95% in taxes!
Our country needs leadership now. There is total dysfunction in Washington.
Obama friend got a no-bid $635M contract to build website  And now she will get more to fix it.
I was on CNN yesterday.....
Gov. Scott Walker just left my office--we had a really wonderful talk. Very interesting! @GovWalker
With almost 1.3 million followers and rising really fast everyone is asking me to critique things(and people). Finally I will be a critic.
Your tax dollars well spent. Over 1.295M ObamaCare enrollees will also be illegal immigrants   Are you surprised?
“Great support for Border Security and the Wall.” @foxandfriends  Even greater than anyone would know! “Presidents supporters do not want him to cave.” @SteveDoocy I won’t!
Democrats are now the party of high taxes high crime open borders late-term abortion socialism and blatant corruption. The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker the American Family and the American Dream! #KAG2020 
.@BrianKempGA ran a great race in Georgia – he won. It is time to move on!
People are smart. They know you can't be for" jobs but against those who create them. It doesn't work." (cont) 
“Network News gave Zero coverage to the Big Day the Stock Market had yesterday.” @foxandfriends
Anticipate change and embrace it. Recognize new developments that you can capitalize on and use to open new doors.
I have helped many friends and colleagues in their business ventures.  They always thank me after they succeed. #MIDASTOUCH
Success tip: See yourself as victorious. This will focus you in the right direction. Apply your skills and talent--and be tenacious.
Thank you Iowa for the RECORD vote we just received in the Primary. The Dems were 25% down (although their votes are all fried!). 
The polls show that I picked up many Jeb Bush supporters. That is how I got to 46%. When others drop out I will pick up more.  Sad but true
Great job Kevin we are all proud of you! 
My wife @MELANIATRUMP and my children will be featured on @FoxNews with @Greta- 7pmE. Enjoy!#MeetTheTrumps #Trump2016
Graydon Carter whose reign over failing @VanityFair has been a disaster has acted in two movies--both bombed &amp; got bad reviews.
My @FoxNews interview @seanhannity discussing Obama’s failed presidency Ebola DC Post Office midterms &amp; 2016 
Thank you Rep. @DevinNunes! 
When Ted Cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear I will get most of his votes - no problem!
The golden rule of negotiation: He who has the gold makes the rules.
Thank you to my great supporters at the 2019 @IowaStateFair! 
Big Supreme Court ruling for Baker just out!
..There will be nobody left in China to do business with. Very bad for China very good for USA! But China has taken so advantage of the U.S. for so many years that they are way ahead (Our Presidents did not do the job). Therefore China should not retaliate-will only get worse!
Don't talk about Rolling Stone Magazine but most importantly don't buy it. This degenerate killed and maimed so many wonderful people!
Thank you to all of those who gave me such wonderful reviews for my performance on @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live. Best ratings in 4 years!
The only reason I bid on @buffalobills was to make sure they stayed in Buffalo where they belong. Mission accomplished.
My daughter Ivanka will be on @trish_regan tonight on @FoxBusiness at 8:00 P.M. following the great @LouDobbs at 7:00. Enjoy!
The more you know the more you realize how much you don't know. How can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?
Mitch get back to work and put Repeal &amp; Replace Tax Reform &amp; Cuts and a great Infrastructure Bill on my desk for signing. You can do it!
Always great to see the wonderful people of South Carolina. Thank you for the beautiful welcome at Greenville-Spartanburg Int'l Airport! 
Dow dives more than 500 points - down 9% from high. Be careful!
Re: immigration. Do the Republicans not realize that Dems will get 100% of 11 million votes no matter what they do?
The Witch Hunt continues! 
The big Caravan of People from Honduras now coming across Mexico and heading to our “Weak Laws” Border had better be stopped before it gets there. Cash cow NAFTA is in play as is foreign aid to Honduras and the countries that allow this to happen. Congress MUST ACT NOW!
Thank you Rep. @Jim_Jordan! 
Gabriel Sherman’s book on Roger Ailes is filled with falsehoods and inaccuracies. Publisher should be ashamed (and sued).
An iconic building and top tourist attraction @TrumpTowerNY sets New York City’s luxury standard  &amp; great food!
I am at Camp David working on many things including Iran! We have a great Economy Tariffs have been very helpful both with respect to the huge Dollars coming IN &amp; on helping to make good Trade Deals. The Dow heading to BEST June in 80 years! Stock Market BEST June in 50 years!
Nobody cares about the Iowa straw poll is what @JonHuntsman said yesterday. His problem is that nobody cares about his campaign (or him).
....and watched. NAFTA is the worst Trade Deal ever made - terrible for labor - and Richard let it stand. No wonder unions are losing so much. The workers will vote for me in 2020 (lowest unemployment most jobs ever) and should stop paying exorbitant $Dues not worth it!
....I am so amazed that MSNBC &amp; CNN can keep putting on over and over again people that have no idea what I am all about and yet they speak as experts on “Trump.” Same people since long before the 2016 Election and how did that work out for the Haters and Losers. Not well!
Why would anybody listen to @MittRomney? He lost an election that should have easily been won against Obama. By the wayso did John McCain!
I've had enough of this - good night!
....more money than it had. Going on for years originally brought by Crooked Hillary’s Campaign Chair A.G. Eric Schneiderman until forced to resign for abuse against women. They never even looked at the disgusting Clinton Foundation. Now Cuomo’s A.G. is harassing all of my....
Romney hurt some very good Republican Senators and he was wrong about the Impeachment Hoax. No clue! 
Today I announced our strategy to confront the Iranian regime’s hostile actions and to ensure that they never acquire a nuclear weapon. 
This assignment has stretched not just the imaginations but the patience quotas of @lisarinna and @pennjillette. #CelebApprentice
Wow Corey Lewandowski my campaign manager and a very decent man was just charged with assaulting a reporter. Look at tapes-nothing there!
Great bilateral meetings at Élysée Palace w/ President @EmmanuelMacron. The friendship between our two nations and ourselves is unbreakable. 
No surprise Assad is not destroying his chemical weapons. He never intended to in the first place.
Why I would not have approved the deal...  #trumpvlog
The economy is doing perhaps better than ever before and that’s prior to fixing some of the worst and most unfair Trade Deals ever made by any country. In any event they are coming along very well. Most countries agree that they must be changed but nobody ever asked!
I AM PLEASED TO INFORM YOU THAT CELEBRITY APPRENTICE HAS BEEN RENEWED FOR ANOTHER SEASON BY NBC. SEE YOU AT THE NBC UPFRONTS TOMORROW.
....of additional goods sent to us by China remain untaxed but will be shortly at a rate of 25%. The Tariffs paid to the USA have had little impact on product cost mostly borne by China. The Trade Deal with China continues but too slowly as they attempt to renegotiate. No!
A big risk of major flooding in large parts of Louisiana and all across the Gulf Coast. Please be very careful!
...On Monday nearly 12.2 million people watched Mr. Trump’s briefing on CNN Fox News and MSNBC according to Nielsen — ‘Monday Night Football’ numbers. Millions more are watching on ABC CBS NBC and online streaming sites and the audience is expanding. On Monday Fox News...
Thank you Minnesota! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA! #ICYMI- watch:  
You are right-more like the opening of the Tonys.
.@GovernorPerry stopped by to say hello. 
.@AlexSalmond  of Scotland may be the dumbest leader of the free world. I can’t imagine that anyone wants him in office.
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing  2012 election polls @MittRomney's current trip &amp; the US housing &amp; land market 
Iraq is being ravaged by Al Qaeda. Country in utter chaos &amp; all oil is going to Iran &amp; China  Terrible mistake!
Amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers. Towns cities and states throughout the U.S. are being hurt - many jobs being lost!
Due diligence includes increasing your financial IQ daily.
A BIG difference! 
It was an honor to join you this morning. Thank you! 
I am in the Oval Office &amp; just gave out a 115 mile long contract for another large section of the Wall in Texas. We are already building and renovating many miles of Wall some complete. Democrats must end Shutdown and finish funding. Billions of Dollars &amp; lives will be saved!
...its commitment to denuclearize.” @FoxNews  This is a big and very positive statement from North Korea. Thank you To Chairman Kim. We will both prove everyone wrong! There is nothing like good dialogue from two people that like each other! Much better than before I took office.
Alaska Arizona Maine and Kentucky are big winners in the Healthcare proposal. 7 years of Repeal &amp; Replace and some Senators not there.
The Wall is being built and is well under construction. Big impact will be made. Many additional contracts are close to being signed. Far ahead of schedule despite all of the Democrat Obstruction and Fake News!
Wow Putin is really taking advantage of President Obama. It is important that Obama responds with strength and determination-be smart-cool!
I am thinking about changing the name #FakeNews CNN to #FraudNewsCNN!
Our thoughts are with the forces fighting ISIS in Iraq. We must never back down against this extreme radical Islami… 
Getting ready to meet Prime Minister Abe of Japan a truly fine gentleman!
I have no greater privilege than to serve as your Commander-in-Chief. HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the incredible men and women @USNavy!#242NavyBday 
I go along with Joe! 
Will be leaving for Florida and Georgia with the First Lady to tour the hurricane damage and visit with FEMA First Responders and Law Enforcement. Maximum effort is taking place everyone is working very hard. Worst hit in 50 years!
I’m with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!  
Love making correct predictions. National Review is over. 
This may be the worst football game ever played by one team Denver! Hard to watch.
Entrepreneurs: Vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
Our online campaign store is officially open! Visit  to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise.
Jodi Arias jury is having a hard time with the death penalty-judge just sent them back for further deliberatuon.
Just watched Congresswoman Debbie Dingell and many other Democrats wanting to give up on our very successful Trade battle with China which has had its worst Economic year in memory (and getting worse). We are taking in $Billions. Will be big for Farmers and ALL!
Whatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U. K. we will be there - WE ARE WITH YOU. GOD BLESS!
# 
When we have an “infestation” of MS-13 GANGS in certain parts of our country who do we send to get them out? ICE! They are tougher and smarter than these rough criminal elelments that bad immigration laws allow into our country. Dems do not appreciate the great job they do! Nov.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
....When I had Harley-Davidson officials over to the White House I chided them about tariffs in other countries like India being too high. Companies are now coming back to America. Harley must know that they won’t be able to sell back into U.S. without paying a big tax!
A great evening last night in Kentucky and Mississippi for the Republican Party with 13 BIG WINS including a Governorship in Mississippi. Congratulations to everyone! 
Sometimes when you innovate you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly and get on with other innovations. - Steve Jobs
Mullet Bay Golf Course looks like a slum on the beautiful island of St. Maarten. @PrimeMinisterSX  should be ashamed for allowing this.
If you listened to the flawed advice of @paulkrugman at the @nytimes a newspaper that was going broke until I came along you would have entirely missed the RECORD BREAKING Stock Market (and other) numbers produced since Election Day 2016. Sorry those are the FACTS.....
I met Marine Sgt. John Peck a quadruple amputee who has received a double arm transplant at Walter Reed in 2017. Today it was my honor to welcome John (HERO) to the Oval with his wonderful wife Jessica. He also wrote a book that I highly recommend “Rebuilding Sergeant Peck.” 
. @chrislhayes replaced @edshow on @msnbc to increase ratings. It’s a shame Chris’ are even worse. Sad to see.
Via @trscoop: “Mark Levin DEFENDS Trump: Hillary Clinton is a CROOK and a FRAUD and she’s not treated this way!” 
I'm with YOU! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
Via @worldnetdaily by @MichaelCarl7: “Trump: Obama blew chance to free U.S. pastor” 
Happy Labor Day! Our country is doing better than ever before with unemployment setting record lows. The U.S. has tremendous upside potential as we go about fixing some of the worst Trade Deals ever made by any country in the world. Big progress being made!
.@BreitbartNews:"DONALD TRUMP: CANTOR'S DEFEAT SHOWS 'EVERYBODY' IN CONGRESS VULNERABLE IF THEY SUPPORT AMNESTY" 
Thank you Katie. The U.S. is doing great! 
Departing Washington D.C. to attend a Flight 93 September 11th Memorial Service in Shanksville Pennsylvania with Melania. #NeverForget 
The Dems new weapon is actually their old weapon one which they never cease to use when they are down or run out of facts RACISM! They are truly disgusting! They even used it on Nancy Pelosi. I will be putting out a list of all people who have been so (ridiculously) accused!
After hearing the news that they would not be able to extort $1M from me they went hostile w/ a series of incorrect &amp; ill-informed ads.
Hey @KimKardashian--I hear you are undecided in the election. I can explain why you should vote for @MittRomney.
Boasting @AAAFiveDiamond &amp; @ForbesInspector 5 Star ratings @TrumpNewYork’s @jeangeorges features a superb menu 
....Ukrainian energy company and more millions taken from China and now reports of other companies and countries also giving him big money are certainly looking very corrupt (to put it mildly!) to me. Both Bidens should be forced to testify in this No Due Process Scam!
China owes us money....  #trumpvlog
Celebrated doctor @BillCassidy will be a tremendous Senator. Louisiana – send a Conservative to the Senate vote for Bill this November!
....want that to be an impeachable offense? Good luck with that!” @JesseBWatters @FoxNews
Democrats who want Open Borders and care little about Crime are incompetent but they have the Fake News Media almost totally on their side!
Democrat judges have totally redrawn election lines in the great State of Pennsylvania. @FoxNews. This is very unfair to Republicans and to our country as a whole. Must be appealed to the United States Supreme Court ASAP!
Journal News readership is already down 50 percent over the years.
.@GovChristie is going to do a fantastic job tonight explaining why @MittRomney  should be elected and @BarackObama has to go.
Another win just in. Nervous Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats in Congress sued me thrown out. This one unanimous in the D.C. Circuit.Witch Hunt!
....Fake News will be working hard to find them. Great love all around. Also big Trade Deal is possible once U.K. gets rid of the shackles. Already starting to talk!
Join me in Bedford New Hampshire- tomorrow at 3:00pm. Can't wait to see everyone! #AmericaFirst #MAGA… 
....When today’s meetings are over I will be heading back to Washington. We won’t be doing a press conference at the close of NATO because we did so many over the past two days. Safe travels to all!
Never make a concession during negotiations that could lead to more demands. Be prudent. It's best to have your concessions predetermined
Polls are open in Mississippi. We need Cindy Hyde-Smith in Washington. GO OUT AND VOTE. Thanks!
....There is nothing to admire about them they will always try to show a glimmer of vicious hope but they are losers and barely breathing. Think about that before you destroy your lives and the lives of your family!
If the Senate Democrats ever got the chance they would switch to a 51 majority vote in first minute. They are laughing at R's. MAKE CHANGE!
Great job on @donlemon tonight @kayleighmcenany  @cherijacobus begged us for a job. We said no and she went hostile. A real dummy! @CNN
America's Labor Market Continues to Boom JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
Thanks @SherriEShepherd 4 your nice comments today on The View. U were terrific!
Watch me explain on the @Late_Show how my charitable offer to Obama changes the election and is about transparency 
THANK YOU Council Bluffs Iowa! The silent majority is silent no more!#Trump2016 #FITN  
Of the 9 battleground states we only carried North Carolina. I'm proud of @NCGOP &amp; glad I delivered keynote at their state convention.
I wonder why somebody doesn't do something about the clowns @politico and their totally dishonest reporting.

“They were all in on it clear Hillary Clinton and FRAME Donald Trump for things he didn’t do.” Gregg Jarrett on @foxandfriends  If we had a real Attorney General this Witch Hunt would never have been started! Looking at the wrong people.
Michael Forbes is a loser who failed to stop what was just named “the golf course of the year” and which has brought ...
Great article on wind turbines by Robert Bryce in today's @NYPost  
Thank you @CrainsChicago for featuring @TrumpChicago in your list of "Best Private Dining Rooms in Chicago." 
My @FoxBusiness interview on @Varneyco discussing @BarackObama's dirty tactics &amp; how @MittRomney should respond 
Texas Georgia &amp; many more VOTE EARLY! This is a movement!#Trump2016 VOTE VIDEO:  
Ted Cruz didn't win Iowa he stole it. That is why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far more votes than anticipated. Bad!
I said that Crooked Hillary Clinton is "not qualified" to be president because she has "very bad judgement" - Bernie said the same thing!
If you have a speech-one that would put Winston Churchill to shame liberals would find a way to make it sound terrible!
The lobbyists &amp; special interests have just put out an ad for Jeb which hits me "just a little" but is very false!
Why don't we ask the Navy SEALs who killed Bin Laden? They don't seem to be happy with Obama claiming credit. All he did is say O.K.
Ted Cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in S.C. He is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration.
If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton's 33000 illegally deleted emails perhaps they should share them with the FBI!
Thank you for all of your support! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016 
What a coincidence that Obama's good friends in Libya and Egypt picked 9/11 to attack our embassies.
“Judge Jackson now has a request for a new trial based on the unambiguous &amp; self outed bias of the foreperson of the jury whose also a lawyer by the way. ‘Madam foreperson you’re a lawyer you have a duty an affirmative obligation to reveal to us when we selected you the....
Members from Obama's own job council are endorsing @MittRomney   Not surprising
I’m OK with that! 
With Votes in the House tomorrow Democrats want to make it harder for Presidents to defend America and stand up to as an example Iran. Protect our GREAT COUNTRY!
Great first day with world leaders at the #G20Summit here in Hamburg Germany. Looking forward to day two! #USA 
Today I signed an Executive Order @ the U.S. Dept. of @Interior: 'Review of Designations Under the Antiquities Act… 
Via @reason: "Donald Trump: I Can Fix America" 
All-Star @ApprenticeNBC has done the impossible. TV's greatest villain @OMAROSA &amp; @THEGaryBusey are in competition. Fireworks!
Donald Trump appearing today on CNN International’s ‘Connect the World’ as ‘Connector of the Day’. Submit questions: 
I will be interviewed from Cleveland Ohio on @seanhannity - Tonight at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!
As bad as @CNN is Comcast MSNBC is worse. Their ratings are also way down because they have lost all credibility. I believe their stories about me are not 93% negative but actually 100% negative. They are incapable of saying anything positive despite all of the great things...
I love Twitter.... it's like owning your own newspaper--- without the losses.
.@lindseygraham who had zero in his presidential run before dropping out in disgrace- saying the most horrible things about me on @FoxNews.
.@davidaxelrod  I hope your book is better than the Obama second book but it is inaccurate as it pertains to me - but no big deal boring!
Loved being with my many friends in Tennessee. The crowd and enthusiasm was fantastic. I won the straw poll big!
The military and first responders despite no electric roads phones etc. have done an amazing job. Puerto Rico was totally destroyed.
Whether we like it or not oil is the axis on which the world's economies spin. It just is. When the price o… (cont) 
I do not know the reporter for the @nytimes or what he looks like. I was showing a person groveling to take back a statement made long ago!
The prestigious 800-acre @TrumpDoral boast luxurious event spaces and 5 Star restaurants  
Remember the Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional races this year. In Senate I said Roy M would lose in Alabama and supported Big Luther Strange - and Roy lost. Virginia candidate was not a “Trumper” and he lost.  Good Republican candidates will win BIG!
Big dinner with Governors tonight at White House. Much to be discussed including healthcare.
Not good news for Jeb Bush  
The powerful Trump Wall is replacing porous useless and ineffective barriers in the high traffic areas requested by Border Patrol. Illegal crossing are dropping as more and more Wall is being completed! #BuildingTheWall 
Do you believe this one - Secretary of State John Kerry just stated that the most dangerous weapon of all today is climate change. Laughable
Next time you are waiting in an emergency room remember the Boston killer was rushed to intensive care within minutes of capture.
Debate polls look great - thank you!#MAGA #AmericaFirst 
Republicans had a deal until Nancy Pelosi rode into town from her extended vacation. The Democrats want the Virus to win? They are asking for things that have nothing to do with our great workers or companies. They want Open Borders &amp; Green New Deal. Republicans shouldn’t agree!
Bloomberg: Trump leads GOP field 
Little Barry Diller who lost a fortune on Newsweek and Daily Beast only writes badly about me. He is a sad and pathetic figure. Lives lie!
New PPP poll just released in Iowa- up 6 points from last poll. Leading w/ 28%! Don't worry - media won't report it! 
Colorado was amazing yesterday! So much support. Our tax trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to Colorado and the whole country.
Watching the show. #WWEHOF 
Via @BreitbartNews @biggovt by @mboyle1: “EXCLUSIVE: NEVER-AIRED 'APPRENTICE' PARODY OF TRUMP FIRING OBAMA” 
Our President is a great embarrassment to the U.S. How could anybody be so dumb or know so little as to make the very stupid 5 for 1 swap?
Miss Alabama Katherine Webb has been a truly great representative of the Ms. USA Organization ..We are proud of her!
Fred Keller of the Great State of Pennsylvania has been an outstanding State Representative. Now he is running as the Republican Nominee for Congress and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He will do a fantastic job - I look forward to seeing everyone tonight! #MAGA
Congratulations to Tom Cotton - his book “Sacred Duty: A Solider’s Tour at Arlington National Cemetery” just hit the best sellers list. I was at @ArlingtonNatl yesterday &amp; the people there were so grateful for Tom’s inspiring portrait of “The Old Guard.” Great job @TomCottonAR!
Louisiana has a chance to have a really great Governor in @EddieRispone. Auto insurance costs and taxes will be coming way down with Eddie and your 2nd Amendment will be protected. Current Democrat governor has done a really poor job! VOTE EARLY FOR EDDIE!
STOCK MARKET AT ALL-TIME HIGH! HOW ARE YOUR 401K’S DOING? 70% 80% 90% up? Only 50% up! What are you doing wrong?
VOTE TODAY! Go to  to find your polling location. We are going to Make America Great Again!… 
.@ArsenioHall - The only thing you don't mention in the nice Esquire piece about you is The Apprentice without which you would be nowhere!
Oh no another rapper doing a Trump song --"Young Jeezy - Trump Lyrics." Why aren't these guys paying me?
Thanks everybody for the Happy Birthday greetings but it’s actually the 10th birthday of The Apprentice. My birthday is June 14th....
Congratulation to Jane Timken on her major upset victory in becoming the Ohio Republican Party Chair. Jane is a loyal Trump supporter &amp; star
Great event last night @trumpwinery with @GovernorVA to support @TheVFoundation @UVA @VCU 
This very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit has got to stop. Our planet is freezing record low tempsand our GW scientists are stuck in ice
Am leaving now for Florida to see our GREAT first responders and to thank the U.S. Coast Guard FEMA etc. A real disaster much work to do!
Isn't it sad that lightweight Senator Bob Corker who couldn't get re-elected in the Great State of Tennessee will now fight Tax Cuts plus!
If Iran is able to turn over to the U.S. kidnapped former FBI Agent Robert A. Levinson who has been missing in Iran for 12 years it would be a very positive step. At the same time upon information &amp; belief Iran is &amp; has been enriching uranium. THAT WOULD BE A VERY BAD STEP!
....a look the facts speak far louder than words! The Democrats always play the Race Card when in fact they have done so little for our Nation’s great African American people. Now lowest unemployment in U.S. history and only getting better. Elijah Cummings has failed badly!
Thanks to Leader McConnell for agreeing to bring a Senate vote on Criminal Justice this week! These historic changes will make communities SAFER and SAVE tremendous taxpayers dollars. It brings much needed hope to many families during the Holiday Season.
.....We are competing with many countries that have a far lower interest rate and we should be lower than them. Yesterday “highest Dollar in U.S.History.” No inflation. Wake up Federal Reserve. Such growth potential almost like never before!
....Senator Schumer more than a year longer than any other Administration in history. These are people who have been approved by committees and all others yet Schumer continues to hold them back from serving their Country! Very Unfair!
fires its employees builds a new factory or plant in the other country and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S.  ......
Glad to see my interview with Ronald Kessler @Newsmax_Media. Hopefully the @GOP can get the message.
Located in the beautiful countryside of Mooresville @Trump_Charlotte has a superb clubhouse &amp; top amenities 
#SOTU2020 
Jobs report is really bad - beyond the worst projections.A bad day on Wall Street!
I don't consider writing books a small venture...writing books is essentially a sharing experience. @MidasTouch @theRealKiyosaki
My @FoxNews interview last night on @gretawire -- "On 2012:  I'll Wait and See"   
... and in my opinion should not be doing The Apprentice.
In today's #trumpvlog I answer your questions about what you should be doing in this uncertain economy... 
Obama is community organizing from the Oval Office on Ferguson today. More riots sure to follow.
Join me in Naples Florida this evening at 6:00pm! Tickets:  
Just finished a very good &amp; cordial meeting at the White House with Jay Powell of the Federal Reserve. Everything was discused including interest rates negative interest low inflation easing Dollar strength &amp; its effect on manufacturing trade with China E.U. &amp; others etc.
So General Michael Flynn’s life can be totally destroyed while Shadey James Comey can Leak and Lie and make lots of money from a third rate book (that should never have been written). Is that really the way life in America is supposed to work? I don’t think so!
He is a national disgrace who is destroying the City of London! 
I really enjoy doing @foxandfriends every Monday at 7 AM.  @sdoocy @ehasselbeck and @kilmeade are great people.
...popular vote. ABC News/Washington Post Poll (wrong big on election) said almost all stand by their vote on me &amp; 53% said strong leader.
John @CahillForAG is one of the most respected people in politics. Dopey @AGSchneiderman is one of the least respected!
To Tom Brady @patriots and Gisele--Best wishes on the birth of your daughter. Tom is a great player and great friend.
Enjoy the ratings of President Obama. 
I am on @oreillyfactor tonight a big special. @FoxNews  at 8:00 P.M. ENJOY!
Ever since his vicious and totally false statements about Admiral Ron Jackson the highly respected White House Doctor for Obama Bush &amp; me Senator John Tester looks to be in big trouble in the Great State of Montana! He behaved worse than the Democrat Mob did with Justice K!
Obama promised premiums would lower $2500/yr for family of 4. In truth healthcare will increase by $7450 
.@FoxNews "Outgoing CIA Chief John Brennan blasts Pres-Elect Trump on Russia threat. Does not fully understand." Oh really couldn't do...
Sometimes we do things to build up experience and stamina to prepare but it's to prepare us for something bigger.
Will be on @foxandfriends. Enjoy!
The Fed continues to recklessly flood the market with dollars. This will eventually create record inflation. It has to stop. #TimeToGetTough
Epstein all the way in Michigan House 11. She is a wonderful person and at the same time a real fighter. Has my Strong Endorsement!
Everybody is so well unified and working so hard. It is a beautiful thing to see. They love our great Country. We will end up being stronger than ever before!
When a country is no longer able to say who can and who cannot  come in &amp; out especially for reasons of safety &amp;.security - big trouble!
Obama said in his SOTU that “global warming is a fact.” Sure about as factual as “if you like your healthcare you can keep it.”
“Unprecedented Jobs Growth Streak Continues as Wages Rise” 
When somebody challenges you fight back -- be tough!
If you're going through hell keep going. --Winston Churchill
Tune into the legendary @BarbaraJWalters at 10pmE on@ABC2020 tonight. #MeetTheTrumps for a full hour @ABC #ABC2020! 
With the World hating us and wanting to destroy the U.S. we have just cut the hell out of the military budget making it smallest since '39
Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016 
I will be live tweeting my interview with @megynkelly on the Fox Network tonight at 8! Enjoy! 
Hit New Stock Market record again yesterday the 20th time this year with GREAT potential for the future. USA is where the action is. Companies and jobs are coming back like never before!
..There will be nobody left in China to do business with. Very bad for China very good for USA! But China has taken so advantage of the U.S. for so many years that they are way ahead (Our Presidents did not do the job). Therefore China should not retaliate-will only get worse!
I will be on @letterman tonight. Be sure to watch! Always a great time. @LateShow
Any negative polls are fake news just like the CNN ABC NBC polls in the election. Sorry people want border security and extreme vetting.
Heading to Birmingham Alabama and a massive crowd of incredible people! 12 noon - will be wild.
I will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:00 A.M. this morning. Enjoy!
Great cohesion inside the Republican Party the best I have ever seen. Despite all of the Fake News my Poll Numbers are great. New internal polls show them to be the strongest we’ve had so far! Think what they’d be if I got fair media coverage!
Right To Play uses the power of play to educate and empower children facing adversity. A great cause--check it out. 
I'll be speaking at the first-ever National Achievers Congress at the San Jose Convention Center (San Jose CA) (cont) 
Sorry for all of the millions of people who long to hear my brilliant words of wisdom on Fox &amp; Friends on Monday A.M. no go - in Dubai.
Does he look sharp smart and presidential-his hands keep hitting the podium making a loud and distracting noise-microphone too sensitive.
A friend is one who has the same enemies as you have. -- Pres. Abraham Lincoln
I will be live-tweeting President Obama's prime-time speech tonight starting at 7:50 P.M. (Eastern).Will he finally state the real problems?
Thank you Vermont! #Trump2016#SuperTuesday
Passion motivates. Passionate people don't give up; their zeal eliminates fear. Passion can also create business opportunities.
...the Ninth Circuit which has a terrible record of being overturned (close to 80%). They used to call this "judge shopping!" Messy system.
The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well their was Afghanistan (somber) the big Rally.....
Happy birthday James! 
Will be on @FallonTonight with @JimmyFallon on @NBC at 11:35pmE. Enjoy! #Trump2016 
Thank you Georgia! 15000 amazing supporters tonight! Everyone get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow! #SuperTuesday 
The brass in #TRUMP Tower's atrium is polished twice a month like clockwork. I keep the atrium impeccable. Key to its success!
He is delusional: @BarackObama believes that he is the 4th best POTUS ever.
It's time to let Pete Rose the all time hits leader into the Baseball Hall of Fame. Enough already!!!!!
Great time in New Hampshire last night. Placed was maxed out totally packed with thousands coming to the arena floor at start. Thousands more outside that were not allowed in per code. Energy was really great to see. We will win New Hampshire in 2020!
Great to have our incredible First Lady back home in the White House. Melania is feeling and doing really well. Thank you for all of your prayers and best wishes!
President Andrew Jackson who died 16 years before the Civil War started saw it coming and was angry. Would never have let it happen!
I will be leaving for Florida today to meet with some of the bravest people on earth - but people whose lives have been totally shattered. Am also working with Congress on many fronts.
....guilty even on a civil basis. Those charges were just agreed to by him in order to embarrass the president and get a much reduced prison sentence which he did-including the fact that his family was temporarily let off the hook. As a lawyer Michael has great liability to me!
Be weak on immigration and ensure Democratic victory.
Just talked with Pfizer CEO and @SecAzar on our drug pricing blueprint. Pfizer is rolling back price hikes so American patients don’t pay more. We applaud Pfizer for this decision and hope other companies do the same. Great news for the American people!
Today it was my great honor to be in Kansas City Missouri to pay tribute to the men and women who make FREEDOM possible! Thank you @VFWHQ! #VFWConvention 
House GOP better get its act together.Defund ObamaCare. Out negotiate on debt ceiling. Form commissions on Benghazi &amp; IRS. No excuses!
A lot of people are concerned about which charity my $5M will be donated to.  The onus is on Obama to first release his records.
Obama loving (wrote Obama book) Peter Baker of the Failing New York Times married to an even bigger Trump Hater than himself should not even be allowed to write about me. Every story is a made up disaster with sources and leakers that don’t even exist. I had a simple and very..
I am pleased to announce that David Bernhardt Acting Secretary of the Interior will be nominated as Secretary of the Interior. David has done a fantastic job from the day he arrived and we look forward to having his nomination officially confirmed!
“The reason they are not sending the Articles of Impeachment to the Senate is that they are so weak and so pathetic.” @LindseyGrahamSC @MariaBartiromo  The great Scam continues. To be spending time on this political Hoax at this moment in our history when I am so busy is sad!
The Fannie and Freddie execs should not get million dollar bonuses with our tax dollars. They were bailed out with $169B of our money.
RESPONSE TO THE LIES OF SENATOR CRUZ:  #VoteTrumpSC
Derek Jeter had a great career until 3 days ago when he sold his apartment at Trump World Tower- I told him not to sell- karma?
Think of how many lives we saved in Syria and Turkey by getting a ceasefire yesterday. Thousands and thousands and maybe many more!
The Do Nothing Dems have gone Radical Left Crazy. The can’t get anything done! 
My wife @MELANIATRUMP will be joining @andersoncooper @AC360 tonight at 8pmE on @CNN. Enjoy! 
Charles McCullough the respected fmr Intel Comm Inspector General said public was misled on Crooked Hillary Emails. “Emails endangered National Security.” Why aren’t our deep State authorities looking at this? Rigged &amp; corrupt? @TuckerCarlson @seanhannity
The Media is not talking about the big Republican victory last night in Louisiana where a sitting Democrat Governor was forced into a runoff by not getting 50%. Big upset! Now @EddieRispone who will be a great Governor will win!
The failing @nytimes writes total fiction concerning me. They have gotten it wrong for two years and now are making up stories &amp; sources!
..deferral to December. It actually helps China more than us but will be reciprocated. Millions of jobs are being lost in China to other non-Tariffed countries. Thousands of companies are leaving. Of course China wants to make a deal. Let them work humanely with Hong Kong first!
Nothing ever happened with any of these women. Totally made up nonsense to steal the election. Nobody has more respect for women than me!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
....BUT THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
Based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting Trump campaign we are hereby:  
Via @ABCPolitics by @ajdukakis &amp; @rickklein: "Mr. Trump Goes to Washington And Talks 2016" 
The entire country is  FREEZING - we desperately need a heavy dose of global warming and fast! Ice caps size reaches all time high.
Do we still want a President who bows to the Saudis and lets OPEC rip us off? Make America strong vote for @MittRomney.
Sugar is nowhere near being a billionaire-and I know he works for me!
How can any Senator vote for Hagel as Sec. of Defense after that horrific hearing? He is not up for the job but will probably get it.
WaPo attack on alleged high school incidents by @MittRomney is a hit job to me. Where are @BarackObama's high school and college records?
“True courage is being afraid and going ahead and doing your job anyhow!” - General Norman Schwarzkopf
Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch her time will come!
Without passion you don't have energy without energy you have nothing!
AMERICA will once again be a NATION that thinks big dreams bigger and always reaches for the stars. YOU are the ones who will shape America’s destiny. YOU are the ones who will restore our prosperity. And YOU are the ones who are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA 
Afghanistan is a total disaster. We don't know what we are doing. They are in addition to everything else robbing us blind.
Happy to have just passed 1.5M followers on twitter. We picked up over 14000 yesterday alone. It's great to speak to everyone daily.
Preview of Obama’s SOTU: More taxes bigger government shrink the private sector end the Republicans &amp; bankrupt the country. Enjoy!
We're getting down to the wire on The Apprentice--tune in tonight for some great action! 10 p.m. on NBC.
Think of it---20% of our country is essentially unemployed.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
The roads and sidewalks airports and bridges are perfect in Dubai. Everything looks clean &amp; strong. In U.S.  everything is falling apart!
CRIPPLED AMERICA is the perfect gift for friends &amp; family. Order signed copy &amp; join me at 7:30pm live streaming! 
President Obama’s top White House lawyer Gregory B. Craig was indicted yesterday on very serious charges. This is a really big story but the Fake News New York Times didn’t even put it on page one rather page 16. @washingtonpost not much better “tiny” page one. Corrupt News!
“Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat.” - F. Scott Fitzgerald
The upcoming All-Star @CelebApprentice puts the celebrities under the hardest tasks we have ever given.  We really pushed the envelope
The people I met today in Dayton are the finest anywhere! 
Only you can #SavetheQueen during the LIVE telecast of #MissUSA on June 8 at 8/7c on NBC. Click for more info: 
Many people are saying it was wonderful that Mrs. Obama refused to wear a scarf in Saudi Arabia but they were insulted.We have enuf enemies
Just at a news conference from Trump Turnberry in Scotland. Everybody was there &amp; will be all over television tonite. Back on trail Saturday
SPYGATE could be one of the biggest political scandals in history!

Thank you! Four new #DebateNight polls with the MOVEMENT winning. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN… 
There is nothing that I would want more for our Country than true FREEDOM OF THE PRESS. The fact is that the Press is FREE to write and say anything it wants but much of what it says is FAKE NEWS pushing a political agenda or just plain trying to hurt people. HONESTY WINS!
America's top Army general has warned of a crisis unless sexual abuse in the military is quickly brought undet control.Forces greatly hurt!
Nancy and Cryin’ Chuck can end the Shutdown in 15 minutes. At this point it has become their and the Democrats fault!
Border Patrol Officer killed at Southern Border another badly hurt. We will seek out and bring to justice those responsible. We will and must build the Wall!
...never be allowed to roll into a winter showtrial. Indeed allowing a long drawn out trial in the Senate would merely validate and perpetuate the fraud begun in the House. The crisis is of the Democrats own making and it’s up to Republicans to make sure this never happens....
Congratulations to @TrumpChicago and @SixteenChicago for receiving the @AAANews Five Diamond Award again this year!
To keep America Safe we have fully rebuilt the U.S. Military – it is now stronger more powerful and more lethal than ever before. Thanks to the courage of American Heroes the ISIS Caliphate has been DESTROYED &amp; its founder &amp; leader – the animal known as al-Baghdadi – is DEAD! 
I would like to begin today’s remarks by providing an update on the packages and devices that have been mailed to high-profile figures throughout our Country and a media org. I am pleased to inform you that law enforcement has apprehended the suspect and taken him into custody. 
Big 4th of July in D.C. “Salute to America.” The Pentagon &amp; our great Military Leaders are thrilled to be doing this &amp; showing to the American people among other things the strongest and most advanced Military anywhere in the World. Incredible Flyovers &amp; biggest ever Fireworks!
Senator Ted Cruz has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race. He said Kasich should get out for same reason. I think both should get out!
I had thousands join me in New Hampshire last night! @HillaryClinton had 68. The #SilentMajority is fed up with what is going on in America!
So many records being set with respect to our Economy. Unemployment numbers among BEST EVER. A beautiful thing to watch!
“Ex-Envoy testified Ukraine (or the President of Ukraine) never raised Quid Pro Quo concerns with him: source.” @seanhannity @FoxNews  The President of Ukraine also stated that he was NOT PRESSURED by me in any way. END OF CASE!
The safety of American people is my absolute highest priority. Heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. Please be prepared be careful and be SAFE!  
The Mueller Witch Hunt is a total disgrace. They are looking at supposedly stolen Crooked Hillary Clinton Emails (even though they don’t want to look at the DNC Server) but have no interest in the Emails that Hillary DELETED &amp; acid washed AFTER getting a Congressional Subpoena!
Just out: MEDIAN HOUSEHOLD INCOME IS AT THE HIGHEST POINT EVER EVER EVER! How about saying it this way IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY! Also MORE PEOPLE WORKING TODAY IN THE USA THAN AT ANY TIME IN HISTORY! Tough numbers for the Radical Left Democrats to beat! Impeach the Pres.
Obama has destroyed the middle class.  In ’09 median household income was $55198.  Now it is $50678.  Four more years?
I want to see people make lots of $$ and live better lives. I really think they can do that through TheTrumpNetwork 
The great State of Nebraska can do much better than @BenSasse as your Senator. Saw him on @greta - totally ineffective. Wants paid for pols.
Current @NYMag really sad not only boring but highly inaccurate. Use better paper product - looks like a death march (which it is!).
Since Election Day on November 8 the Stock Market is up more than 25% unemployment is at a 17 year low &amp; companies are coming back to U.S.
Join us Monday February 8th @ the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPolitics #Trump2016 
Crooked Hillary Clinton says that she got more primary votes than Donald Trump. But I had 17 people to beat—she had one!
America will never be destroyed from the outside.If we falter and lose our freedomsit will be because we destroyed ourselves. A. Lincoln
It should be mandatory that all haters and losers use their real name or identification when tweeting - they will no longer be so brave!
Obama’s offer to Iran will not stop Iran’s breakout capability. It is a bad desperate deal negotiated from weakness. Pass sanctions!
Bowe Bergdahl walked off the base after he was told not to. Solders died looking for him. U.S. should NEVER have made the deal! PUNISHMENT?
I gave away money. Go to  to see how I'm helping people. #FundAnything #Entrepreneurs #GiveBack
People do business with those people they like and trust. - Ralph J. Roberts Founder of Comcast
Our soldiers can't even have any more joint exercises with Afghan soldiers because they are getting shot in the (cont) 
.@BretBaier’s newly released book ‘Special Heart’ brings a message of hope. All sales donated to heart charities 
It's not that I'm so smart it's just that I stay with problems longer. -- Albert Einstein
The ALS #IceBucketChallenge that Trumps them all- 
On behalf of an entire Nation CONGRATULATIONS to the U.S. Women's Hockey Team on winning the GOLD! #GoTeamUSA #Olympics 
Adam Schiff will be compelled to testify should the Democrats decide despite the fact that my presidential conversations were totally appropriate (perfect) to go forward with the Impeachment Hoax. Polls have now turned very strongly against Impeachment!
I will be on Fox and Friends at.7.00 A.M. Enjoy!
Great news! #MAGA 
The U.S. is acting swiftly on Intellectual Property theft. We cannot allow this to happen as it has for many years!
Discussing the 9/11 attack and coverage with @kingsthings while hosting the 25th anniversary of his @CNN show  
Great Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. (Eastern) conducted by @seanhannity on @FoxNews
My @FoxNews interview with @gretawire discussing the 2012 GOP primary and ObamaCare's attack on the Catholic Church.  
.@McIlroyRory - Way to go Rory fantastic victory!
I predicted Rosie O'Donnell would fail at the View and was right. Now I predict Rosie will take over for Brian Williams!
The two fake news polls released yesterday ABC &amp; NBC while containing some very positive info were totally wrong in General E. Watch!
The Dems want to stop tax cuts good healthcare and Border Security.Their ObamaCare is dead with 100% increases in P's. Vote now for Karen H
According to @pewresearch 2/3 of Mexican LEGAL immigrants do not pursue citizenship because of ‘no interest’ 
The Old Post Office building in Washington (D.C.) will soon be transformed into one of the great hotels anywhere in the world-lots of jobs!
#TrumpVlog @Rosie wasn't even a short term fix at The View. 
Congratulations to @RickSantorum for coming out of Iowa a winner!
Republicans remember—debt ceiling debt ceiling debt ceiling—be smart and you will win!
The passage of the @DeptVetAffairs Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act is GREAT news for veterans! I lo… 
True. 
My wife Melania Trump's show was a tremendous success last night. In case you missed her you can see her again tonight on @QVC at 7 pm ET
“This British Spy Christopher Steele tried so hard to get this (the Fake Dossier) out before the Election. Why?”  @kilmeade @foxandfriends
Get ready for the Apprentice tonight - TWO AMAZING EPISODES. I will be live tweeting!
Thank you. I love you Ohio! 
Drudge Report  “OBAMA KEPT THEM IN CAGES WRAPPED THEM IN FOIL” We do a much better job while at the same time maintaining a MUCH stronger Border! Mainstream Fake Media hates this story.
This is a storm of enormous destructive power and I ask everyone in the storm’s path to heed ALL instructions from government officials. 
Great going to all of Dubai in winning what will be a fantastic #Expo2020 - we will all be there!
Big news to share in New Hampshire tonight! Polls looking great! See you soon.
Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on @SquawkCNBC 7:30 AM
Here we go again with another Clinton scandal and e-mails yet (can you believe). Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in B never had a chance!
I have NOTHING to do with The Apprentice except for fact that I conceived it with Mark B &amp; have a big stake in it. Will devote ZERO TIME!
Real unemployment is at over 21%. Businesses won't hire until @BarackObama is defeated in 2012. #TimeToGetTough
Wind turbines threaten the migration of birds   Where's the outcry?
....Where is the DNC Server and why didn’t the FBI take possession of it? Deep State?
#USEmbassyJerusalem 
“General” McChrystal got fired like a dog by Obama. Last assignment a total bust. Known for big dumb mouth. Hillary lover! 
Be sure to download my new The Celebrity Apprentice app to begin interacting with this Sunday's episode 
The latest update on Bret Michaels is that he's making every effort to attend the live finale of Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday--so tune in!
Very sad what happened last night at the Miss Universe Pageant. I sold it 6 months ago for a record price. This would never have happened!
Remember anything you read about Atlantic City has nothing to do with me. I sold years ago and left. Good timing but very sad!
A vote for Clinton-Kaine is a vote for TPP NAFTA high taxes radical regulation and massive influx of refugees.
Okay I think I’m going to do it—I’ll open the Miss Universe Pageant as Santa tonight at 8 pm on @NBC
The @NBCNews story has just been totally refuted by Sec. Tillerson and @VP Pence. It is #FakeNews. They should issue an apology to AMERICA!
Please understand there are consequences when people cross our Border illegally whether they have children or not - and many are just using children for their own sinister purposes. Congress must act on fixing the DUMBEST &amp; WORST immigration laws anywhere in the world! Vote “R”
After strict consultation with General Kelly the CIA and other Agencies I will be releasing ALL #JFKFiles other than the names and...
Great meeting with a wonderful woman today former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice! #USA🇺🇸 
Mr. Khan who does not know me viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T.V. doing the same - Nice!
Congratulations to the Baylor Lady Bears on their amazing win last night against Notre Dame to become the 2019 NCAA Women’s Basketball National Champions! 
....was given a horrendous report by his superior the man he reported to who publicly stated that Vindman had problems with judgement adhering to the chain of command and leaking information. In other words “OUT”.
While in the Philippines I was forced to watch @CNN which I have not done in months and again realized how bad and FAKE it is. Loser!
Despite the large Caravans that WERE forming and heading to our Country people have not been able to get through our newly built Walls makeshift Walls &amp; Fences or Border Patrol Officers &amp; Military. They are now staying in Mexico or going back to their original countries.......
....it’s powerful common sense Immigration Laws to stop illegals from coming through Mexico into the U.S. and removing them back to their country of origin. Until Mexico cleans up this ridiculous &amp; massive migration we will be focusing on Border Security not Ports of Entry....
“NO PRESSURE”
If China had a tenth of the natural resources we do then they would already be energy independent. Instead we continue to buy oil from OPEC.
Our legal system is broken! "77% of refugees allowed into U.S. since travel reprieve hail from seven suspect countries." (WT)  SO DANGEROUS!
A very big poll is coming out at 6 PM in New Hampshire. Will be very interested in the results.
Heading back to D.C. Many great things are happening for our Country!
Will be leaving Trump Turnberry tomorrow--place &amp; Women's British Open are great. Will be back hitting hard tomorrow. @Turnberrybuzz
We're going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE for the middle class. She's raising your taxes and I'm lowering your taxes!
Crooked Hillary Clinton spent hundreds of millions of dollars more on Presidential Election than I did. Facebook was on her side not mine!
China’s top academics are working w/ PLA in cyber-espionage of our state secrets &amp; R&amp;D  They are laughing at us!
Getting closer and closer on the Tax Cut Bill. Shaping up even better than projected. House and Senate working very hard and smart. End result will be not only important but SPECIAL!
Interesting.@BarackObama's 1981 transfer class to Columbia "declined" in "quality" according to the Columbia Spectator 
Wow I have just exceeded 2 million followers--and in such a short time!
... Will be there front &amp; center along with the 70 greatest players in the world. WGC-@Cadillac Championship
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
...the beauty that is being taken out of our cities towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced!
We grieve for the terrible loss of life and send our support and love to everyone affected by this horrible attack in Texas. To the students families teachers and personnel at Santa Fe High School – we are with you in this tragic hour and we will be with you forever... 
Heading to D.C. to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER. Amazing people that LOVE OUR COUNTRY. Great spirit!
Going to the White House is considered a great honor for a championship team.Stephen Curry is hesitatingtherefore invitation is withdrawn!
The Fake News is doing everything in their power to blame Republicans Conservatives and me for the division and hatred that has been going on for so long in our Country. Actually it is their Fake &amp; Dishonest reporting which is causing problems far greater than they understand!
Israel was very respectful &amp; nice to Rep. Rashida Tlaib allowing her permission to visit her “grandmother.” As soon as she was granted permission she grandstanded &amp; loudly proclaimed she would not visit Israel. Could this possibly have been a setup? Israel acted appropriately!
Even Jimmy Carter just released a statement saying that Obama doesn't have a clue. That has to be a new low!
TRUMP APPROVAL HITS 50%
....Fed: There is almost no inflation!
Getting ready to leave for Cincinnati in the GREAT STATE of OHIO to meet with ObamaCare victims and talk Healthcare &amp; also Infrastructure!
It would be really nice if the Fake News Media would report the virtually unprecedented Stock Market growth since the election.Need tax cuts
I endorsed a book on ObamaCare &amp; it just went to #2 on the New York Times bestseller list!
Gregg Jarrett: “Mueller’s prosecutors knew the “Dossier” was the product of bias and deception.” It was a Fake just like so much news coverage in our Country. Nothing but a Witch Hunt from beginning to end!
Thank you @TeamTrump Florida. Keep me updated and lets get those 100000 registered voters!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
Today I spoke @LibertyU Convocation a great crowd...
Robert Mueller was a Hero to the Radical Left Democrats until he ruled that there was No Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous to even say!). After more than two years since the “insurance policy” statement was made by a dirty cop I got the answers I wanted the Truth.....
....@NASCAR and Champion @MartinTruex_Jr were recently at the White House. It was a great day for a great sport!
Book on Bin Laden is a terrible violation of code--makes @BarackObama's story a big lie.
We need a President who understands the economy - @gallupnews has US unemployment at 8.2% in July up from 8% in June  
Do you think the 14 African nations that are banning West Africans from coming into their nations are racist?
Wow! The NSA has deleted 685 million phone calls and text messages. Privacy violations? They blame technical irregularities. Such a disgrace. The Witch Hunt continues!
Democrats are incapable of doing a good and solid Immigration Bill!
Diet Coke tweet had a monster response--dammit I wish the stuff worked.
“The entrepreneur’s ability to dream to win lose and win again and again is often called the entrepreneurial spirit.” – Midas Touch
Spoke to @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy about the earthquakes in California and informed him that we will be working very closely on emergency funding. Also spoke to Governor @GavinNewsom - all working together!
Thank you! #Trump2016 
...The Steel Barrier or Wall should have been built by previous administrations long ago. They never got it done - I will. Without it our Country cannot be safe. Criminals Gangs Human Traffickers Drugs &amp; so much other big trouble can easily pour in. It can be stopped cold!
The problem with the U.S. is that our leadership has no knowledge or ability to negotiate or see into the future. Every nation beats us!
Dishonest media says Mexico won't be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly. Media is fake!
As to the U.N. things will be different after Jan. 20th.
A  great crowd at Trump Tower for #TimeToGetTough book signing!
FBI Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds! The phony...
Women’s unemployment rate is down to 3.6% - was 7.9% in January 2011. Things are looking good!
.....to impeach President Trump on DAY ONE. Make them the face of the future of the Democrat Party you will destroy the Democrat Party. Their policies will destroy our Country!”  @LindseyGrahamSC  Need I say more?
Unsustainable- @BarackObama has increased total federal budget outlays by over 24% during his term  He loves debt.
Via @AP March2013: Jeb said “he was open to…pathway for citizenship for illegal immigrants”  Lying on campaign trail!
A lot of people strongly advised me against doing @ApprenticeNBC. Next week we start filming the record 13th seasonHence go with your gut!
I grew up in New York City and over many years got to watch how GREAT NYC’s “Finest” are. Now because of weak leadership at Governor &amp; Mayor stand away (water thrown at them) regulations and lack of support our wonderful NYC police are under assault. Stop this now!
Minorities Line Up Behind Donald Trump #Trump2016 
Leaving for North Carolina. Big crowd will be fun!
....Mexico must apprehend all illegals and not let them make the long march up to the United States or we will have no other choice than to Close the Border and/or institute Tariffs. Our Country is FULL!
A Harley-Davidson should never be built in another country-never! Their employees and customers are already very angry at them. If they move watch it will be the beginning of the end - they surrendered they quit! The Aura will be gone and they will be taxed like never before!
If Christian Bale turned down $50M to return as Batman he should have his head examined. What was he thinking?!
I don't know Putin have no deals in Russia and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran #1 in terror no problem!
No taxes in Boehner or Reid Plan----important victory for America.
Our GREAT MILITARY has delivered justice for the heroes lost and wounded in the cowardly attack on the USS Cole. We have just killed the leader of that attack Jamal al-Badawi. Our work against al Qaeda continues. We will never stop in our fight against Radical Islamic Terrorism!
Frank was a great guy married to an absolutely wonderful woman @KathieLGifford. What a couple! 
Great poll numbers out of @UMassAmherst. Thank you! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
See @IvankaTrump on the cover of @HudsonMOD? View the digital edition: 
I never gave anybody hell! I just told the truth and they thought it was hell. -- Harry S. Truman
“On 1/20 - the day Trump was inaugurated - an estimated 35000 ISIS fighters held approx 17500 square miles of territory in both Iraq and Syria. As of 12/21 the U.S. military estimates the remaining 1000 or so fighters occupy roughly 1900 square miles...” via @jamiejmcintyre 
72% of refugees admitted into U.S. (2/3 -2/11) during COURT BREAKDOWN are from 7 countries: SYRIA IRAQ SOMALIA IRAN SUDAN LIBYA &amp; YEMEN
Thank you @marcorubio for helping to expose the potential corruption going on with respect to Election Theft in Broward and Palm Beach Counties. The WORLD is now watching closely!
.@EmilyMiller's book "Emily Gets Her Gun" exposes the attack on our Second Amendment  A must read!
The dishonest media will NEVER keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our GREAT AMERICAN PEOPLE!… 
I am astonished that the media continues to lie. @BarackObama gutted welfare reform. It is a fact!
This is great - on my way see you soon @IAGovernor Kim Reynolds! 
I'd bet the lawyers for the Central Park 5 are laughing at the stupidity of N.Y.C. when there was such a strong case against their "clients"
Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35 I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!
Thanks.  
It's Friday. How many bald eagles did wind turbines kill today? They are an environmental &amp; aesthetic disaster.
The Democrats and President Obama gave Iran 150 Billion Dollars and got nothing but they can’t give 5 Billion Dollars for National Security and a Wall?
Well now they're saying that I not only won the NBC Presidential Forum but last night the big debate. Nice!
Thank you @chucktodd for your commentary last night on @NBCNightlyNews. Very fair -- we are making progress together!
Don't believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. The only quote that matters is a quote from me!
Watch this clip from earlier this year. Time &amp; time again I have been right about terrorism. It’s time to get tough! 
Heading to the Great State of Wisconsin to talk about JOBS JOBS JOBS! Big progress being made as the Real News is reporting.
Great – we are sending even more F-16’s to the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt   This is a total disaster.
Matthew G. Whitaker is a highly respected former U.S. Attorney from Iowa. He was chosen by Jeff Sessions to be his Chief of Staff. I did not know Mr. Whitaker. Likewise as Chief I did not know Mr. Whitaker except primarily as he traveled with A.G. Sessions. No social contact...
I hope we can get Admiral @RonnyJackson4TX of Texas who served our Country so well into the runoff election in #TX13! Ronny is strong on Crime and Borders GREAT for our Military and Vets and will protect your #2A. Get out and vote for Ronny on Tuesday March 3rd!
Our worst threat to unemployment is @ObamaCare.  It will also destroy our country's basic standards.
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
It was my great honor to deliver the keynote address at the 2019 Second Step Presidential Justice Forum hosted by the 20/20 Bipartisan Justice Center in South Carolina and my true honor to receive the Bipartisan Justice Award thank you! 
The resolution being considered at the United Nations Security Council regarding Israel should be vetoed....cont: 
The Fake News is going crazy with wacky Congresswoman Wilson(D) who was SECRETLY on a very personal call and gave a total lie on content!
Wow @CNN is really working hard to make me look as bad  as possible. Very unprofessional. Hurting in ratings - bad television!
What’s going on at @CNN is happening to different degrees at other networks - with @NBCNews being the worst. The good news is that Andy Lack(y) is about to be fired(?) for incompetence and much worse. When Lester Holt got caught fudging my tape on Russia they were hurt badly!
Heading to California with @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy @RepLaMalfa and @KenCalvert. Look forward to being with our brave Firefighters First Responders and @FEMA along with the many brave People of California. We are with you all the way – God Bless you all!
A testament to American ingenuity @TrumpTowerNY shines over Fifth Avenue as one of NYC’s most iconic buildings 
Government is shut down yet Obama is now harassing the privately owned @Redskins to change its name.He needs to focus on his job!
Reporter @AlHunt is one boring and low vision guy!
Great @UnionLeader  piece by @jdistaso on my visit to @saintanselm for @NECouncil &amp; @nhiop Politics &amp; Eggs  
Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution not the problem. Be tough be strong be tenacious.
... while a 300ft turbine in Ardrossan North Ayrshire erupted in flames the previous month during gales of 165 mph 
With multiple space options @TrumpChicago is the ideal venue to hold your dream wedding  
Here's my message to @BarackObama: America is a capitalistic country. Get over it and get on with it!  #TimeToGetTough
Check out tweets from last two days. I refer to Fake News Media when mentioning Enemy of the People - but dishonest reporters use only the word “Media.” The people of our Great Country are angry and disillusioned at receiving so much Fake News. They get it and fully understand!
Thank you Kirstie! 
I just filed a major ethics complaint against crooked New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman-he should resign from office!
Thank you! 
I'm going to do what @MittRomney was totally unable to do- WIN!
Look great for Thanksgiving. Trump Signature Collection exclusively available @Macys offers top men's styles 
Did President Obama have a rough day yesterday or what? He has got to start telling the truth - NO MORE LIES OR DECEPTION!
.@History's wonderful "The Men Who Built America" with me on tonight at 9 -- bad timing I'll be live tweeting the debate
Bikers for Trump at Bedminster earlier today. Thank you! 
I will be on @meetthepress at 10:30. @nbc will be releasing their new poll numbers. Based on the debate results I should do well-who knows?
We must fix our education system for our kids to Make America Great Again. Wonderful day at Saint Andrew in Orlando. 
Working closely with China and others on Coronavirus outbreak. Only 5 people in U.S. all in good recovery.
Great to see @MittRomney being well-received in Poland  The Poles understand the value of freedom through strength
Congratulations @ArmyWP_Football! 
Everything we’re seeing from Speaker Pelosi and Senator Schumer suggests that they’re in real doubt about the evidence they’ve brought forth so far not being good enough  and are very very urgently seeking a way to find some more evidence. The only way to make this work is to..
Trump: If Republicans 'don't get tough they're not going to win this election'   via @thehill
Can you believe it? I’m at 94% approval in the Republican Party and have Three Stooges running against me. One is “Mr. Appalachian Trail” who was actually in Argentina for bad reasons....

Watched Sean Hannity last night -- a great guy.
It’s Wednesday.  How many times will A-Rod sue the @Yankees today?  A-Rod has no one to blame but himself for his predicament.
We have declassified a picture of the wonderful dog (name not declassified) that did such a GREAT JOB in capturing and killing the Leader of ISIS Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi! 
WEEKLY ADDRESS🇺🇸 
Congratulations to @woodyjohnson4 and @nyjets on yesterday's very exciting game.
Under @MittRomney Bain had an 80% success rate with annual returns of over 50%. Under @BarackObama America has added over $6T in debt.
.@FoxNews is MUCH more important in the United States than CNN but outside of the U.S. CNN International is still a major source of (Fake) news and they represent our Nation to the WORLD very poorly. The outside world does not see the truth from them!
A great honor to welcome President Juan Manuel Santos of Colombia to the White House today!🇺🇸🇨🇴Joint Press Conf➡️… 
.#IranDeal will go down as one of the dumbest &amp; most dangerous misjudgments ever entered into in history of our country—incompetent leader!
Isn’t it great that Obama had time yesterday to fundraise with Jay Z and do @Late_Show while there is a record 21% real unemployment!
We threw our ally Mubarak overboard and Egypt is now our enemy. Great going Obama--Israel is in trouble.
Something’s happening America! Get out tomorrow and  so together we can KEEP MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
I'll be speaking on Thursday April 12 at the first-ever National Achievers Congress at the San Jose Convention (cont) 
Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious. This will focus you in the right direction. Put everything you've got into what you're doing.
Robert Johnson knows business &amp; politics. He also understands lowest African American Unemployment in U.S. history! 
We have to repeal &amp; replace #Obamacare! Look at what is doing to people! #DrainTheSwamp 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Carly Fiorina did such a horrible job at Lucent and HP virtually destroying both companies that she never got another CEO job offer! Pres.
If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. Politics!
Any increase in ObamaCare premiums is the fault of the Democrats for giving us a "product" that never had a chance of working.
Crooked Hillary Clinton and her team "were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive highly classified information." Not fit!
As I have been saying all along NO COLLUSION - NO OBSTRUCTION! 
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #
The American people deserve to know who is in this Country. Yesterday the Supreme Court took up the Census Citizenship question a really big deal. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Melania and I will be appearing on The View tomorrow at 11 a.m. on CBS. Tune in for some great fun!
NYPD Officer Larry DePrimo has made the entire city proud with a his generous act of kindness   NYC loves the NYPD.
Celebrity Apprentice is nearing the end of a wonderful and very successful season. Watch tonight at 8:00.
Wacko pervert @AnthonyWeiner’s idea of Hispanic outreach is using Carlos Danger as his sexting. He’s an insensitive racist.
The Service Members who died that day included brave young Marines just out of high school accomplished officers in the middle of their military careers and enlisted men who had served in theaters all over the world... 
Seal the deal! Hold your business meeting at the luxurious  @TrumpNewYork Executive Board Room 
...Terrible for the economy and a job killer. China is laughing at us!
Looks like a lawsuit against GoAngelo won’t work—my ties &amp; shirts doing too well at Macy’s--he's actually helping. I have no damages!
The Crooked Hillary V.P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT by H!
....We will then spend (match or better) the money that China may no longer be spending with our Great Patriot Farmers (Agriculture) which is a small percentage of total Tariffs received and distribute the food to starving people in nations around the world! GREAT! #MAGA
.@FoxNews is so biased it is disgusting. They do not want Trump to win. All negative!
Melania and I were thrilled to join the dedicated men and women of the @USEmbassyFrance members of the U.S. Military and their families. 
Our Nation grieves at the unspeakable violence that took a precious young life and badly injured others in Colorado. God be with the families and thank you to the First Responders for bravely intervening. We are in close contact with Law Enforcement.
The new Libyan Government should turn over the Lockerbie bomber---now.
Breaking ground shortly Trump Int’l Washington DC will bring the DC Post Office far beyond its original grandeur 
Join me in Tampa Florida next Tuesday July 31st at 7:00pmE for a #MAGA Rally! Tickets:  
According to many and while nominated I would have won the Emmy many times except for my politics. @PrimetimeEmmys
Obama's spending and borrowing is burying America and destroying our children's future. Does he even care?
Who is paying for that tedious Smokey Bear commercial that is on all the time - enough already!
Today we continued a wonderful American Tradition at the White House. Drumstick and Wishbone will live out their days in the beautiful Blue Ridge Mountains at Gobbler’s Rest... 
Just watched Jon Stewart(?) jumping up and down and screaming like a madman - nothing funny or smart just loud and obnoxious a pushy dope!
Great column by David Bossie at @BreitbartNews: “A Battle Won but the War Continues to Defund ObamaCare” 
If you've got some problems today that's a good sign--that's life. So give them some thought and make the most of the situation.
Who's the outsourcer? @BarackObama's campaign is using a travel company with outsourced jobs in China and India. 
Dems had a very good and professional convention. The Republicans must be smart and tough--and fast!
It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. What she did was wrong! What Bill did was stupid!
Obama: “I will control Ebola.” = Obama: “If you like your health care plan you can keep your healthcare plan.”
I fought hard against Spitzer and Weiner and both lost. For a while when Spitzer was way up it seemed that I was a lone voice! Good power
Iowa and New Hampshire will not be moved from the Primary Schedule as long as I am President. Great tradition!
It is really too bad that the scientists studying GLOBAL WARMING in Antarctica got stuck on their icebreaker because of massive ice and cold
Congratulations to President Lopez Obrador — Mexico voted to ratify the USMCA today by a huge margin. Time for Congress to do the same here!
He ruins the brand: @Robertgbeckel doesn't belong on @FoxNews . As CM for Mondale in '84 you lost 49 states. Sad!
Joe Biden said that the Taliban 'is not our enemy.' I wonder how our troops in Afghanistant that are under attack view Biden's statement.
....won’t convict and remove the President - Then the House should not be Impeaching the President in the first place. If this is the new standard every President from here on out is impeachable.”  Andy McCarthy @FoxNews  So well stated. Thank you!
Bill Clinton's meeting was a total secret. Nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter.
Don't sell yourself short on something that is important. Today is just the beginning.  -- Think Like a Champion
Hope the Fake News which never discusses it is talking about the big crowds forming for my New Hampshire Rally tonight. They won’t!
Dennis Rodman is a project manager tonight on Celebrity Apprentice - watch Dennis in full action!
The United Kingdom is trying hard to disguise their massive  Muslim problem. Everybody is wise to what is happening very sad! Be honest.
I agree 100%! 
.@newsbusters  Thank you for a great and very accurate story - well done!
Working hard on the biggest tax cut in U.S. history. Great support from so many sides. Big winners will be the middle class business &amp; JOBS
W/ the ransom Obama paid for deserter Bergdhal getting Mexico to release USMC Sgt Andrew Tahmooressi is much harder. #BringBackOurMarine
If Scotland would have gone independent predicated on $100 - $150 oil they would now be bust!
There's definitely no love lost between Piers and Omarosa.
Jennifer is a terrific person. 
No I'm saying that the World is paying the price for China's pollution while they make a fortune with their dirty factories! Very sad.
When Warren Buffett &amp; others play w/ bankruptcy nobody cares—when Trump plays the game it becomes a big deal!  
Amazing--both Transformers &amp; Dark Knight Rises featured Trump properties and each grossed over $1B. Just coincidence.
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again this time more intelligently. -- Henry Ford
During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology. Leaders pointed to Qatar - look!
A great couple! 
The Fake News of big ratings loser CNN. 
Maniac Sergeant who went on a killing spree in Afghanistan must be punished big time and quickly.
Just got back from Wisconsin. Great day great people!
Just met with courageous family of Sarah Root in Nebraska. Sarah was horribly killed by illegal immigrant but leaves behind amazing legacy.
“I think President Trump is set in his ways because he doesn’t see any weakening. I mean look at the joblessness report today. What I’m surprised at is how strong the consumer is. I think the Chinese need it (a deal) more than we do. It’s statistical. I just think....
Wow such enthusiasm and energy for Judge Brett Kavanaugh. Look at the Energy look at the Polls. Something very big is happening. He is a fine man and great intellect. The country is with him all the way!
Via @bpolitics by @BetBrod “Trump sets an aggressive tone as he insisted he's serious about running for POTUS." 
I have clearly stated that if the New York State Republican Party is able to unify I would run for Governor and win. They can't unify -SAD!
Today The Blue Monster is torn up. The Trump National @DoralResort is being revolutionized with $200M of renovations.
Just arrived in Arizona! #
WikiLeaks emails reveal Podesta urging Clinton camp to 'dump' emails. Time to #DrainTheSwamp!
Scary.  Obama and the Democrat Senate have accrued over $5T worth of debt without passing a budget in the last 3 years.  4 more years?
Success tip: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning.
Exclusively @Macys The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection features the best ties &amp; shirts at the best prices.  
Via @KCRG by @markwcarlson: “Donald Trump stops in Coralville” 
Thank you @nycemergencymgt! 
The Fake News Media and their partner the Democrat Party is doing everything within its semi-considerable power (it used to be greater!) to inflame the CoronaVirus situation far beyond what the facts would warrant. Surgeon General “The risk is low to the average American.”
Hillary Clinton just lost every Republican she ever had including Never Trump all farmers &amp; sm. biz by saying she’ll tax estates at 65%.
....of PROTESTERS killed in Iran itself. While Iran will never be able to properly admit it Soleimani was both hated and feared within the country. They are not nearly as saddened as the leaders will let the outside world believe. He should have been taken out many years ago!
Get ready for the fireworks between @OMAROSA &amp; @latoyajackson in 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice!  Neither one will back down.
UNBELIEVABLE!Clinton campaign contractor caught in voter-fraud video is a felon who visited White House 342 times: 
China is primed to continue to rob us and steal our jobs through their exports   We need @MittRomney to rein them in.
Thank you. 
thought it would be hypocritical to attend Bush's swearing-in....he doesn't believe Bush is the true elected president. Sound familiar! WP
He @MittRomney gets the China problem why don't the others?
Dems warn not to underestimate Trump's potential 
Just got to the #USWomensOpen in Bedminster New Jersey. People are really happy with record high stock market - up over 17% since election!
Entrepreneurs:  Look at the solution not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
The world economy is under deep stress with growth slowing everywhere.  Yet crude is over $87/barrel. Should be $25 at the most.
Thank you America! #MAGARasmussen National PollDonald Trump 43%Hillary Clinton 40% 
My son @EricTrump will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pm on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
My thoughts and prayers are with the @USMC crew members who were involved in a mid-air collision off the coast of Japan. Thank you to @USForcesJapan for their immediate response and rescue efforts. Whatever you need we are here for you. @IIIMEF
What an amazing comeback and win by the Patriots. Tom Brady Bob Kraft and Coach B are total winners. Wow!
“Harley Davidson has struggled with Tariffs with the EU currently paying 31%. They’ve had to move production overseas to try and offset some of that Tariff that they’ve been hit with which will rise to 66% in June of 2021.” @MariaBartiromo So unfair to U.S. We will Reciprocate!
John McCain couldn’t get him to release “it” and neither could Hillary Clinton—but Donald did!
73rd Session of the United Nations General Assembly #UNGA 
Via @MoscowTimes  Donald Trump Planning Skyscraper in Moscow 
.@GeorgeTakei is doing really well &amp; soon coming to Broadway.
I had a great day campaigning in Connecticut. Looking for a big vote on Tuesday!
The Greatest Political Hoax of all time! Crimes were committed by Crooked Dirty Cops and DNC/The Democrats.
.@WayneNewtonMrLV  Wayne such a pleasant surprise--so nice. Thank you very much.
Denzel Washington gave a wonderful commencement speech over the weekend. From the heart!
Will be interviewed on  @SquawkCNBC by @JoeSquawk coming up at 6:00amE from Davos Switzerland. Enjoy! #WEF18 
“I’d strip the whole bunch of them. They’re all corrupt. They’ve all abused their power. They’ve all betrayed the American people with a political agenda. They tried to steal and influence an election in the United States.” @seanhannity
I watched @todayshow this AM re: @MarthaStewart &amp; dating. She looks terrific better than ever any guy would be lucky to be with her.
Wake Up America!  See article: "Israeli Science: Obama Birth Certificate is a Fake" 
Thank you Attorney General Gonzales so many people feel this way. 
Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT! Hillary was set up by a con.
Welcome to the 'Islamist Winter' - the Muslim Brotherhood is now taking over the Egyptian military and possibly (cont) 
Looking for China to open their Markets not only to Financial Services which they are now doing but also to our Manufacturing Farmers and other U.S. businesses and industries. Without this a deal would be unacceptable!
Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States. I will work hard and never let you down! AMERICA FIRST!
Is it really possible that Bruce Ohr whose wife Nellie was paid by Simpson and GPS Fusion for work done on the Fake Dossier and who was used as a Pawn in this whole SCAM (WITCH HUNT) is still working for the Department of Justice????? Can this really be so?????
The WTO is BROKEN when the world’s RICHEST countries claim to be developing countries to avoid WTO rules and get special treatment. NO more!!! Today I directed the U.S. Trade Representative to take action so that countries stop CHEATING the system at the expense of the USA!
Entrepreneurs: Learn to be succinct. Can you tell someone your idea in three minutes or less? Be clear and concise.
Looking forward to being with @SenTedCruz at our big rally in D.C. on Wednesday (1:00 P.M. at the Capitol) to protest insane Iran nuke deal!
Tremendous surge in new housing construction in December 16.9% biggest in many years!
If I am elected President I will immediately approve the Keystone XL pipeline.  No impact on environment &amp; lots of jobs for U.S.
Such a great common sense question. Crazy! 
Donald Trump: If Bill Maher Does Not Pay Off His $5 Million Bet – 'Then I’ll Sue Him'  via @gatewaypundit
Who’s going to give back the young and beautiful lives (and others) that have been devastated and destroyed by the phony Russia Collusion Witch Hunt? They journeyed down to Washington D.C. with stars in their eyes and wanting to help our nation...They went back home in tatters!
I truly hope President Obama doesn't do something irrational and dangerous for our country in order to save face. He must sit back and chill
Wind Power Company Fined $1 Million for Killing Birds. Golden eagles among victims... @RSPBScotland @Natures_Voice
“Protect the downside and the upside will take care of itself." – The Art of the Deal
Enjoy the #SuperBowl and then we continue: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.@FLOTUS Melania and I send our deepest condolences to President Reuven Rivlin and the entire State of Israel upon the passing of Mrs. Nechama Rivlin. Mrs. Rivlin represented her beloved country with grace and stature. We will miss her along with all those who knew her.
Show me someone without an ego and I'll show you a loser. --How To Get Rich
To those in the Caravan turnaround we are not letting people into the United States illegally. Go back to your Country and if you want apply for citizenship like millions of others are doing!
“I’m a great believer in asking everyone for an opinion before I make a decision. It’s a natural reflex.” – The Art of The Deal
“The new House Resolution gives Adam Schiff (the most dishonest man in politics) the power unilaterally to release edited transcripts. Rule 10 gives Chairman Schiff absolutely no jurisdiction. Subpoenas issued as part of Dems’ Impeachment inquiry are illegal.” Sam Dewey @FoxNews
Via @politicalwire: “Trump Not Happy with Republicans” 
Billions of dollars spent on Baltimore and it's still a total mess. Leadership is needed not dollars. Our whole country is going to hell!
The debate was very interesting last night. There were numerous winners and Governor Romney did very well.
Heading to Iowa- join me today at noon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgainTickets:  
Many think that the Championship Course at Turnberry home of The Duel In The Sun will be the worlds best after the renovation.
Did you ever not do something that had you done it would have turned out to be a disaster. Never look back just learn from your experience!
The LameStream Media is far beyond Fake News they are treading in very dangerous territory! 
We are here today to take historic action to defend American Students and American Values. In a few moments I will be signing an Executive Order to protect FREE SPEECH on College Campuses.
Thank you! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Hitting the first ball at Trump International Dubai 272 right down the middle. 
Forty-seven million now on food stamps. When he came to office there were 32 million. He's added 15 million people. --@MittRomney
I have gotten to know many Spanish speaking people as the owner of Trump National  Doral in Miami. They are smart hard working and great
The new Rasmussen Poll one of the most accurate in the 2016 Election just out with a Trump 50% Approval Rating.That's higher than O's #'s!
Why did lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman come to my office on numerous occasions begging for campaign contributions? Also recent asks?
.@Megynkelly spent a big part of her show talking about other shows spending so much time on me. Really weird she's being driven crazy!
Wow more than 90% of Fake News Media coverage of me is negative with numerous forced retractions of untrue stories. Hence my use of Social Media the only way to get the truth out. Much of Mainstream Meadia has become a joke! @foxandfriends
Watch my interview with @ericbolling on @FoxNews today at 11:30AM ET
In a clumsy move to get out of his "anchor babies" dilemma where he signed that he would not use the term and now uses it he blamed ASIANS
The people of Scotland love Trump International Golf Links.
Is it even slightly possible that Jodi Arias could be set free-wow what a miscarriage of justice that would be!
Obama asked a 7 yr old for his birth certificate. He's "in your face" because the Republicans dropped the ball. (cont) 
I hope the @RNC is ready for a Third Party if they blow this election because that is what they will face. They must fight hard.
Spoke to Governor @GavinNewsom early this morning about the cruise ship quarantined off the California Coast. CoronaVirus test kits have been delivered testing is taking place now. 
Sec of State Kerry said we would not go back to Iraq. We shouldn’t but he should not have said that. So stupid!
Congratulations to @PiersMorgan on winning @BritishGQ TV Personality Of The Year. Piers deserves his success!
I've been saying for three months that the bridge tolls to Staten Island are far too high and unfair-just got lowered but not nearly enough
.@PhilMickels0n_  is right—California taxes are far too high. It’s ridiculous.
Both Washington D.C. and DALLAS are turning out to be really big events. D.C. is protest of incompetent Iran deal and Dallas is big speech!
These last 4 years have not had a single quarter over 4% GDP. Obama has overseen the weakest economic recovery in American history.
Pray for the people in the Bahamas. Being hit like never before Category 5.  Almost 200 MPH winds.
Democrats try so hard to mock &amp; belittle Republicans—&amp; the Republicans just don’t fight back—no energy!
Spoiler--@dennisrodman has really got his act together so far on the upcoming season of @CelebApprentice...
The Debt is our nation's greatest threat. @BarackObama is out of touch.
Thank you Willie Robertson! #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
ANTIFA will not be going after Bryce or @ColbyCovMMA anytime soon. They much prefer people who can’t fight back! 
“The Democrats don’t have any evidence but they are still going to do it anyway. That’s the sham that’s going on here.”  @jasoninthehouse Chaffetz
My @IngrahamAngle interview discussing healthcare monopolies @MittRomney oil prices and @AnnRomney's birthday 
.@BarackObama was caught telling Russian PM @MedvedevRussiaE that he can be more 'flexible' in his second term. Russia thinks he's weak.
Obama's complaints about Republicans stopping his agenda are BS since he had full control for two years. He can never take responsibility.
.@VP Pence is heading to Pittsburgh Pennsylvania where we have both strongly endorsed one of the finest men around Congressman Keith @RothfusForPA. He is running against #LambTheSham who is telling...
I wonder when we will be able to see @BarackObama's college and law school applications and transcripts. Why the long wait?
Muslim Brotherhood head of Egypt Morsi is already making demands on Obama before the WH visit. Obama's foreign policy is a complete failure.
Spent a beautiful weekend golfing at Trump National Golf Club Westchester and Trump National Golf Club Bedminster.
GIVE AMERICA BACK ITS DREAM!    -- Donald J. Trump
With 46-stories and 391 beautiful rooms @TrumpSoHo offers a wide array of AAA Five Diamond luxury options 
The FAKE &amp; FRAUDULENT NEWS MEDIA is working hard to convince Republicans and others I should not use social media - but remember I won....
Young Entrepeneurs: Think Big Stay Motivated &amp; Always Remain Confident. The Sky is the Limit.
If these scandals happened before the election Obama could not have won.
California wildfires are being magnified &amp; made so much worse by the bad environmental laws which aren’t allowing massive amounts of readily available water to be properly utilized. It is being diverted into the Pacific Ocean. Must also tree clear to stop fire from spreading!
So @BarackObama's campaign is calling @MittRomney a potential criminal  How about Obama's Tony Rezko land deal!
.@ClayHiggins18 has been a great help to me on Cutting Taxes creating great new healthcare programs at low cost fighting for Border Security our Military and are Vets. He is tough on Crime and has my full Endorsement. The Great State of Louisiana we want Clay!
Just watched Brian Williams on @TODAYshow - very sad! Brian should get on with a new life and not start all over at @msnbc. Stop apologizing
Is this really America? Terrible! 
THANK YOU MISSOURI! #KAG2020 
As President I have an obligation to end CORRUPTION even if that means requesting the help of a foreign country or countries. It is done all the time. This has NOTHING to do with politics or a political campaign against the Bidens. This does have to do with their corruption!
I am in Trump International Hotel Las Vegas getting ready and waiting for the debate tonight. Look forward -   hope I get treated fairly!
Congratulations Stephen Miller- on representing me this morning on the various Sunday morning shows. Great job!
This is going to be a special season - truly great characters and cast. You will soon see!
Thank you! #Trump2016  
Brad Blakeman: “The American people understand that we have been played by foreign actors who would rather have us fight their battles for them. The President says look this is your neighborhood you’ve got to stand up to protect yourselves. Don’t always look to America.”
STATEMENT FROM THE WHITE HOUSEPresident Donald J. Trump feels strongly that North Korea is under tremendous pressure from China because of our major trade disputes with the Chinese Government. At the same time we also know that China is providing North Korea with...
Obama has unilaterally &amp; unconstitutionally drawn 4 ObamaCare exemptions for his friends. All @GOP wants is (cont) 
The Democrats just don’t seem to want Border Security. They are fighting Border Agents recommendations. If you believe news reports they are not offering much for the Wall. They look to be making this a campaign issue. The Wall will get built one way or the other!
.@BarackObama is now taking credit for changing party platform language but he reviewed it prior to the convention 
We all have the capability to read or sense what's happening with others. It can often give you the edge (cont)  14:16:17,36,23,false,357866417607016448Twitter Web Client,Enthusiasm is a vital element in individual success." ― Conrad Hilton
As a matter of National Security I've signed the Omnibus Spending Bill. I say to Congress: I will NEVER sign another bill like this again. To prevent this omnibus situation from ever happening again I'm calling on Congress to give me a line-item veto for all govt spending bills! 
Thank you @Todayshow for the wonderful and honest poll results on Chicago sign. People love it!    @TrumpChicago
Obama wants taxes to go up so he can take credit for lowering them next year.
Some people HATE the fact that I got along well with President Putin of Russia. They would rather go to war than see this. It’s called Trump Derangement Syndrome!

Thank you- on my way!  
The final two- @ArsenioOFFICIAL and @ClayAiken- visited yesterday- 
Will be heading over shortly to make remarks at The National Prayer Breakfast in Washington. Great religious and political leaders and many friends including T.V. producer Mark Burnett of our wonderful 14 season Apprentice triumph will be there. Looking forward to seeing all!
I am leaving for Norfolk Virginia - the great battleship U.S.S. Wisconsin - for a big rally and really big crowd. See you soon!
Low energy Jeb Bush just endorsed a man he truly hates Lyin’ Ted Cruz. Honestly I can’t blame Jeb in that I drove him into oblivion!
Via @ WSOC_TV: “Blair Miller talks with Donald Trump about Charlotte ventures” 
The new amnesty bill is over 1000 pages.  It is another monstrosity a la ObamaCare.
I will be speaking at the Young Black Leadership Summit in 15 minutes where I will address the investigation into the bomb packages.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you California! #Trump2016  
My @foxandfriends interview discussing Obama's failed and dangerous foreign policy and the real unemployment numbers 
....Not only did they lose the case they had difficulty with respect to information that may have been obtained from opposing lawyers and for giving immunity in a totally incompetent fashion....
“PELOSI STAMMERS THROUGH NEWS CONFERENCE” 
The great people of Montana can have no better VOICE than Senator @SteveDaines. He is doing an incredible job! Whoever the Democrat nominee may be please understand that I will be working hard with Steve all the way &amp; last night I was 20 for 20 (per @GOPLeader). WE NEED STEVE!
I’ve been watching very little @CNBC lately—the good news is I’m switching over to  @BloombergNews and @FoxNews.
Hillary says things can't change. I say they have to change. It's a choice between Americanism and her corrupt globalism. #Imwithyou
Take a tour of this amazing residence at Trump World Tower..... 
I am thrilled to announce that in the second quarter of this year the U.S. Economy grew at the amazing rate of 4.1%! 
Crazy Bernie takes the lead in the Democrat Primaries but it is looking more and more like the Dems will never allow him to win! Will Sleepy Joe be able to stumble across the finish line?
The public is about to learn a lot more information on Barack Obama and his true background in the coming weeks…
The ObamaCare website is in the news again - it is turning out to cost even more than previously thought AND IT DOESN'T WORK! Big trouble!
Via @ArabianBusiness: “@IvankaTrump eyes new projects in Abu Dhabi” for Trump Organization 
We just passed 1.9M followers &amp; gained over 250000 followers in the last month.Thank you--let's have fun and do business.
Jeanne Mancini President March for Life: “We have never had a President of the United States actually come in person to the March for Life.” But now you do! See you later Jeanne. @HeatherChilders @FoxNews
Congratulations to @loudobbs Number One. Lou has shown the Fake News what happens when you cover “America’s Greatest President”  fairly &amp; objectively! #MAGA #KAG 
Via @AmSpec by Jeffrey Lord: “Donald Trump: America’s Entrepreneur”   Wow--thank you to Jeffrey Lord &amp; @AmSpec!
Why was the Hanukah celebration held in the White House two weeks early? @BarackObama wants to vacation in Hawaii in late December. Sad.
Just finished a press conference in Trump Tower wherein I gave information on which VETERANS groups got the $5600000 that I raised/gave!
I’ll be on @seanhannity tonight at 10 PM and look forward to it. Lots to discuss!  Enjoy.
Just landed in Iowa to attend a great event in honor of wonderful Senator @JoniErnst. Look forward to being with all of my friends.
A guy named @BobBeckel on FOX their resident liberal was not born with much of a brain.
I will be on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:30. Enjoy!
Glad to hear @seanhannity supports my offer to Obama.  As Sean says “it is an easy $5 million to charity.  What does Obama have to lose?”
Many people voted for Cruz over Carson because of this Cruz fraud. Also Cruz sent out a VOTER VIOLATION certificate to thousands of voters.
My fellow Tea Party friends in Ohio--make sure you take advantage of early voting so you can GOTV election day. Know you can! Must win Ohio.
.@MarketMavensInc #asktrump 
#DAYTONA500 
Tremendous pressure is building like never before for the Border Wall and an end to crime cradling Sanctuary Cities. Started the Wall in San Diego where the people were pushing really hard to get it. They will soon be protected!
In today's #trumpvlog I speak about Clint Eastwood the #DNC and Drew Peterson- 
Derek must move back into one of my buildings immediately. It will be lucky for him like in past.
It all begins today - WE WILL FINALLY TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK AND MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Scotland will be so lucky if this monstrosity is not built—I will tie them up in courts for years if necessary.
.@LouisGohmertTX1 is a Fantastic Republican from the Great State of Texas! He fully supports our #MAGA and #KAG Agenda Border WALL Military Vets and your Second Amendment. Louie is my friend and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
In New York State Democrats blocked a Bill expanding College Tuition for Gold Star families after approving aid for illegal immigrants. No wonder so many people are leaving N.Y. Very Sad!
Failure--for all of @BarackObama's talk of "engaging the world" U.S. favorability has dropped around the world 
Just left the best golf course in the State of California- @trumpgolfla. When in the LA area check it out even (cont) 
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain!#GOPConvention #RNCinCLE  
Thank you America!  
Pete Buttigieg is OUT. All of his SuperTuesday votes will go to Sleepy Joe Biden. Great timing. This is the REAL beginning of the Dems taking Bernie out of play - NO NOMINATION AGAIN!
Comic @sethmeyers21 bombed at University of Texas at Arlington—crowd was dismal as was his performance—I told you so!
While I am a critic of President Obama I hate it when someone (Robert Gates) writes a self serving negative book about his boss.
I will be holding a major news conference in New York City with my children on December 15 to discuss the fact that I will be leaving my ...
“Some people spend an entire lifetime wondering if they made a difference in the world.The Marines don't have that problem.”- Ronald Reagan
36 hrs Central Park as seen in @nytimes including a stop @TrumpNewYork for a bite in @Nougatine_NYC. Full article 
Poll numbers have nosedived for pervert NYC mayoral candidate Anthony Weiner- good news for New York!
Presidents have been trying unsuccessfully for years to get Germany and other rich NATO Nations to pay more toward their protection from Russia. They pay only a fraction of their cost. The U.S. pays tens of Billions of Dollars too much to subsidize Europe and loses Big on Trade!
Great working with you John. A big win for our amazing ranchers! 
A storied franchise with a loyal fanbase @buffalobills should remain in Buffalo.
This is an outrage! Bias-Free Language Guide claims the word 'American' is 'problematic' -- WHAT?!  
The President of the U.S. is the leader of the Free World. He should dress like it at all times. Wear a suit and a tie for major interviews.
Haters and losers say I wear a wig (I don't) say I went bankrupt (I didn't) say I'm worth $3.9 billion (much more). They know the truth!
.@TigerWoods has made a truly great comeback - he is number one again! Give him credit comebacks are tough to do. Way to go Tiger.
It’s my great honor to welcome Prime Minister @AbeShinzo back to the @WhiteHouse!🇺🇸🇯🇵 
ZTE the large Chinese phone company buys a big percentage of individual parts from U.S. companies. This is also reflective of the larger trade deal we are negotiating with China and my personal relationship with President Xi.
It was a great privilege to meet with President Moon of South Korea.Stay tuned! 🇺🇸🇰🇷#UNGA 
I really enjoyed my conversation with General @MazloumAbdi. He appreciates what we have done and I appreciate what the Kurds have done. Perhaps it is time for the Kurds to start heading to the Oil Region!
I had to fire General Flynn because he lied to the Vice President and the FBI. He has pled guilty to those lies. It is a shame because his actions during the transition were lawful. There was nothing to hide!
....badly tainted and in my opinion should be thrown out. Even Mueller’s statement to Congress that he did not see me to become the FBI Director (again) has been proven false. The whole deal was a total SCAM. If I wasn’t President I’d be suing everyone all over the place...
I am calling on Congress to send me a Bill that fully and permanently funds the LWCF and restores our National Parks. When I sign it into law it will be HISTORIC for our beautiful public lands. ALL thanks to @SenCoryGardner and @SteveDaines two GREAT Conservative Leaders!
.@CoachDanMullen  Great to have you and your GREAT team at Trump National Doral. Go out and finish your fantastic season in style!
China has just overtaken us as the world’s largest economy. We are busy wasting $'s while China builds airports &amp; skyscrapers.
....because their so-called story didn’t come even close to matching up with the exact transcript of the phone call. Was it a Corrupt Adam Schiff con? Why didn’t the IG see this? When do we depose Shifty Schiff to find out why he fraudulently made up my phone call and read this..
Mini Mike Bloomberg doesn’t get on the Democrat Debate Stage because he doesn’t want to - he is a terrible debater and speaker. If he did he would go down in the polls even more (if that is possible!).
....competitive disadvantage. We should be leading not following!
Everyone knows I am right that Robert Pattinson should dump Kristen Stewart. In a couple of years he will thank me. Be smart Robert.
70 years ago today the National Security Council met for the first time. Great history of advising Presidents-then &amp; now! Thanks NSC Staff!
From 1954 to 1960 there were 10 major hurricanes that hit the East Coast.
I like Russell Brand but Katy Perry made a big mistake when she married him. Let's see if I'm right---I hope not.
What many people don’t understand or don’t want to understand is that Wayne Chris and the folks who work so hard at the @NRA are Great People and Great American Patriots. They love our Country and will do the right thing.                  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Justice Dept. should have stayed with the original Travel Ban not the watered down politically correct version they submitted to S.C.
Congratulations to the Rolling Stones on marking their 50th anniversary in London.
The ultra liberal and seriously failing Des Moines Register is BEGGING my team for press credentials to my event in Iowa today-but they lie!
Congratulations to @Mets @RADickey43 on becoming the first knuckleball pitcher to ever win the CY Young award!
Via @ TheScotsman: “Donald Trump to lay out new golf course plan” 
Eliot Spitzer was a horrible Governor and A.G. who ruined many good people and cost the Country billions of dollars in losses (and jobs).
So to all Americans in every city near and far small and large from mountain to mountain...
This will be a big week for Infrastructure. After so stupidly spending $7 trillion in the Middle East it is now time to start investing in OUR Country!
Remember when they were saying during the campaign that Donald Trump is giving great speeches and drawing big crowds but he is spending much less money and not using social media as well as Crooked Hillary’s large and highly sophisticated staff. Well not saying that anymore!
....about all of the one sided Fake Media coverage (collusion with Crooked H?) that I had to endure during my very successful presidential campaign. What about the now revealed bias by Facebook and many others. Roger Stone didn’t even work for me anywhere near the Election!
How stressed are @lisarinna and @pennjillette already? #CelebApprentice
If history teaches us anything it's that strong nations require strong leaders with clearly defined national (cont)  20:53:32,125,19,false,175322903791935488TwitLonger Beta,The Chinese laugh at how weak and pathetic our government is in combating intellectual property theft." (cont) 
.@EricTrump did an amazing job raising money for @StJude with his @EricTrumpFDN event featuring  @LisaLampanelli. Watch 
Great job tonight @ericbolling
If the election were based on total popular vote I would have campaigned in  N.Y. Florida and California and won even bigger and more easily
Politicians are all talk and no action. Washington can only be fixed by an outsider. Let’s make America great again! 
China loved Obama’s climate change speech yesterday. They laughed! It hastens their takeover of us as the leading world economy.
Donald Trump Has Given Millions To Pro-Romney SuperPACs and His Whole Family Is Cutting Checks to Mitt's Campaign  
I was so looking forward to being in Virginia Beach Virginia today. The demand for tickets was amazing. Good luck with storm back soon!
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar  I hear your ratings last week were at an all time low--you better get them up or you'll be fired.
Had a very good meeting with @kbsalsaud of Saudi Arabia. We discussed Trade Military Oil Prices Security and Stability in the Middle East!
The media has not reported that the National Debt in my first month went down by $12 billion vs a $200 billion increase in Obama first mo.
“In the House the President got less due process than the 9-11 terrorists got. This is a corrupt process?” Mark Levin @marklevinshow “Very much so!” @RepDougCollins @FoxNews
47M on food stamps. Over 23M Americans unemployed. 50% of college grads unemployed. And Obama wants us talking about Big Bird.
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman asked us for political contributions DURING his investigation of usthen sued for $40 million.Dopey guy!
Go out and buy CRIPPLED AMERICA: How to Make America Great Again. Doing really well. Great Thanksgiving or Christmas present!
Leaving Hamburg for Washington D.C. and the WH. Just left China’s President Xi where we had an excellent meeting on trade &amp; North Korea.
Mexico's court system  corrupt.I want nothing to do with Mexico other than to build an impenetrable WALL and stop them from ripping off U.S.
If it was the GOAL of Russia to create discord disruption and chaos within the U.S. then with all of the Committee Hearings Investigations and Party hatred they have succeeded beyond their wildest dreams. They are laughing their asses off in Moscow. Get smart America!
FLORIDA- Visit  to find shelters road closures &amp; evacuation routes. Helpful Twitter list:  
VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8/16! 
THANK YOU! #VoteTrump 
The U.S. has more than double the growth rate than it had 18 months ago.
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 6:00 A.M. @FoxBusiness. Enjoy!
PASTOR BRUNSON JUST RELEASED. WILL BE HOME SOON!
To all young college graduates – stick in there keep your head up and make sure you don’t miss any opportunities. They are out there.
Sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride let time go by.Donald J. Trump
Watch Coach Mike Ditka- a great guy and supporter tonight at 8pmE on #WattersWorld with @jessebwatters @FoxNews.
Dems are no longer talking DACA! “Out of sight out of mind” they say. DACA beneficiaries should not be happy. Nancy Pelosi truly doesn’t care about them. Republicans stand ready to make a deal!
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! 191 Federal Judges (a record) and two Supreme Court Justices approved. Best Economy &amp; Employment Numbers EVER. Thank you to our great New Smart and Nimble REPUBLICAN PARTY. Join now it’s where people want to be!
The so-called experts on Trump over at the New York Times wrote a long and boring article on my cellphone usage that is so incorrect I do not have time here to correct it. I only use Government Phones and have only one seldom used government cell phone. Story is soooo wrong!
Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Brussels was. Not anymore it is from a different world! U.S. must be vigilant and smart!
The crowd in front of the U.S. Supreme Court is tiny looks like about 200 people (&amp; most are onlookers) - that wouldn’t even fill the first couple of rows of our Kansas Rally or any of our Rallies for that matter! The Fake News Media tries to make it look sooo big &amp; it’s not!
One of Obama’s greatest failures will be his legacy of making millions completely dependent on government handouts not work.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then is not an act but a habit.  -- Aristotle
....had happened to a Presidential candidate or President who was a Democrat everybody involved would long ago be in jail for treason (and more) and it would be considered the CRIME OF THE CENTURY far bigger and more sinister than Watergate!
....WILL NEVER BE PROVEN AND ARE LIKELY FALSE.”  Thank you to Michael Isikoff Yahoo for honesty. What this means is that the FISA WARRANTS and the whole Russian Witch Hunt is a Fraud and a Hoax which should be ended immediately. Also it was paid for by Crooked Hillary &amp; DNC!
Ted Cruz is in trouble for not reporting his bank borrowing in his very important Financial Disclosure Form. Very low interest loans scam!
Deserter Bergdahl returns to active duty as parents of brave soldiers killed looking for him grieve. Obama trying to play this mistake down!
Fred Keller of the Great State of Pennsylvania has been an outstanding State Rep. Now he is running as the Republican Nominee for Congress and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Strong on Crime Second Amendment Military Vets and Healthcare. He will do a fantastic job!
.@JudgeJeanine  “Bob Mueller isn’t your whole investigation premised on a Fake Dossier paid for by Hillary created by a man who hates Donald Trump &amp; used to con a FISA Court Judge. Bob I really think it’s time for you to give up your phony investigation.” No Collusion!
Read the two Transcripts of Ukrainian calls!
..Every year as the fire’s rage &amp; California burns it is the same thing-and then he comes to the Federal Government for $$$ help. No more. Get your act together Governor. You don’t see close to the level of burn in other states...But our teams are working well together in.....
#CrookedHillary sending U.S. intelligence info. to Podesta’s hacked email is ‘unquestionably an OPSEC violation’ 
Wow! Thank you Greg. Hope I live up to your expectations. 
See you on Friday...Big Crowd! 
See I told you so 
Watch @IvankaTrump's Ready-To-Wear Fashion Show at @LordandTaylor featuring @TrumpModels and @MissUSA..... 
“Ability is nothing without opportunity.” - Napoleon Bonaparte
..But the people were Pro-Trump! Virtually no President has accomplished what we have accomplished in the first 9 months-and economy roaring
CONGRATULATIONS to the 2018 @NASCAR Cup Series Champion @JoeyLogano! 
The Obstructionist Democrats make Security for our country very difficult. They use the courts and associated delay at all times. Must stop!
The LameStream Media is the dominant force in trying to get me to keep our Country closed as long as possible in the hope that it will be detrimental to my election success. The real people want to get back to work ASAP.  We will be stronger than ever before!
Attending Chief Ryan Owens' Dignified Transfer yesterday with my daughter Ivanka was my great honor. To a great and brave man - thank you!
Will be participating in a Town Hall tonight on @SeanHannity at 10pmE from Austin Texas. Enjoy! 
Thank you Franklin! 
Headline: “Kim Prepared to Cede Nuclear Weapons if U.S. Pledges Not to Invade” - from the Failing New York Times. Also will shut down Nuclear Test Site in May.
Fifth Avenue’s most iconic building @TrumpTowerNY features Trump Grill nestled in the corner of the Atrium 
I love watching the dishonest writers @NYMag suffer the magazine’s failure.
I will soon be releasing my response to the fact that President Obama refused to show his applications and records to the public.
Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch: “The Strzok firing is as much about the Mueller operation as anything else. There would be no Mueller Special Councel to investigate so called collusion but for the machinations of Strzok &amp; his colleagues at the top levels of the FBI. We know this...
Obama Care’s taxes vest in 2014. Conveniently after the 2012 election. Coincidence?
When all of the people pushing so hard for Criminal Justice Reform were  unable to come even close to getting it done they came to me as a group and asked for my help. I got it done with a group of Senators &amp; others who would never have gone for it. Obama couldn’t come close....
Smart move by the Democrats to have Pres. @billclinton play a key role in their convention.
Paula Broadwell's book on Gen. Petreus is titled "All In." Did she know something?
Weirdo Tom Steyer doesn’t have the “guts” or money to run for President. He’s all talk! 
The United States is considering in addition to other options stopping all trade with any country doing business with North Korea.
My interview yesterday with @TeamCavuto where I discuss Dick Cheney and China  
BORDER WALL prototypes underway! 
I am honored to be receiving the American Spectator Foundation Award for excellence in entrepreneurialism in Washington DC this fall.
Hillary's been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done - it will never change.
Drew Peterson just got 36 years for killing his wife - bring back the death penalty!
Robert will do a great job for our Vets. We also recently won Choice! 
Thank you @mcuban for your nice words. I am rapidly becoming a @dallasmavs fan!   
“Dems have never gotten over the fact that President Trump won the Election!” @GOPLeader McCarthy
Jamie Dimon just gave away $13B to government in settlement. Terrible move &amp; bad precedent.  Could have done much better by fighting.
The only people in favor of Mini Mike continuing with his hapless campaign are me and his political consultants who are getting richer and richer by the day!
I told Rex Tillerson our wonderful Secretary of State that he is wasting his time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man...
Mexico doesn’t respect our border hourly  Release USMC Tahmooressi NOW! Time for a boycott? #SaveOurMarine
Meeting with biggest business leaders this morning. Good jobs are coming back to U.S. health care and tax bills are being crafted NOW!
I thought I was doing something very good for our Country by using Trump National Doral in Miami for hosting the G-7 Leaders. It is big grand on hundreds of acres next to MIAMI INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT has tremendous ballrooms &amp; meeting rooms and each delegation would have...

The Democrats had nothing...
...big dollars ($700000) for his wife's political run from Hillary Clinton and her representatives. Drain the Swamp!
There is a good possibility that a person who treated patients in West Africa and who FLEW into New York has Ebola. Touched many bedlam!
It was great meeting some of our outstanding young military personnel who were wounded in both Syria and Afghanistan. Their wounds are deep but their spirit is sooo high. They will recoverer &amp; be back very soon. America loves them. Walter Reed Hospital is AMAZING - Thank you all!
People will be very surprised by our ground game on Nov. 8. We have an army of volunteers and people with GREAT SPIRIT! They want to #MAGA!
In the 1950’s our climate was far more unstable than it has been over the last 5 years.
Wow @GeorgeWill said some very nice things about me today on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace. I am making progress thanks George!
Join @AmerIcan32 founded by Hall of Fame legend @JimBrownNFL32 on 1/19/2017 in Washington D.C.… 
The Pittsburgh Post Gazette just endorsed Rick Saccone for Congress. He will be much better for steel and business. Very strong on experience and what our Country needs. Lamb will always vote for Pelosi and Dems....Will raise taxes weak on Crime and Border.
Just left the set of The Apprentice - the live show tonight will be fantastic - and something very big and very different is going to happen
Thank you for all of your support! Most importantly - we need to get everyone out to VOTE! #VoteTrump2016 
The episode of the Apprentice that everyone has been waiting for....Joan Rivers stars and she is and does GREAT!  Next Monday night at 8:00
#TBT Here I am with @gwenstefani and @donaldjtrumpjr 
Melania and I are honored to light up the @WhiteHouse this evening for #WorldAutismAwarenessDay. Join us &amp; #LIUB.… 
'Everything in Dubai': Learn from Emirate's rebound says @DonaldTrumpJr  via @Emirates247 by @Parag1301
Tariffs will make our Country MUCH STRONGER not weaker. Just sit back and watch! In the meantime China should not renegotiate deals with the U.S. at the last minute. This is not the Obama Administration or the Administration of Sleepy Joe who let China get away with “murder!”
Speaker Pelosi and Chuck Schumer’s drive to try and rig the trial against the President is misplaced. There is no factual basis for the Articles of Impeachment that passed the House. This President will be exonerated.” William McGinley  @foxandfriends
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Poland in the fight to eradicate the evils of terrorism and extremism. #POTUSinPoland 
“A true business only exists to solve a problem and to make life better.” – Midas Touch
...We cannot keep FEMA the Military &amp; the First Responders who have been amazing (under the most difficult circumstances) in P.R. forever!
To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals &amp; global special interests we welcome you with open arms. People first.
.......The Trump Administration will be announcing the new Secretary of the Interior next week.
Excited for tomorrow’s Politics &amp; Eggs @saintanselm co-hosted by @NECouncil &amp; @nhiop. Live stream here 
🚨BREAKING🚨: "State Department's Kennedy pressured FBI to unclassify Clinton emails: FBI documents"
....got fired. Wrote a very nice book about me just recently. Now the book is a lie? Said his wife was driving him crazy “something big” was happening with her. Getting divorced. He was a mental wreck. We didn’t want him around. Now Fake News puts him on like he was my buddy!
A very good NBC/Wall Street Journal Poll was just released wherein I went up from last month and am in the lead. Nice!
“I don’t see anything that constitutes an Impeachable offense - Nothing here rises to the level of Impeachment. The Democrats are making a mistake with this secrecy.” Kenn Starr former Special Prosecutor
China is robbing us blind in trade deficits and stealing our jobs yet our leaders are claiming 'progress'  SAD!
Good news--@MittRomney is now leading in North Carolina according to @ppppolls. The NC GOP is united after their (cont) 
I want to thank my @Cabinet for working tirelessly on behalf of our country. 2017 was a year of monumental achievement and we look forward to the year ahead. Together we are delivering results and MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
This is a buyers’ market.  Buy now.  You will thank me in 3 years.
Received message last night from XI JINPING of China that his meeting with KIM JONG UN went very well and that KIM looks forward to his meeting with me. In the meantime and unfortunately maximum sanctions and pressure must be maintained at all cost!
National GOP Presidential Poll via @OANN @realDonaldTrump 35.6% #Trump2016 
Yesterday it was my great honor to present the Medal of Honor to Ronald J. Shurer II for his actions on April 6 2008 when he braved enemy fire to treat multiple injured Soldiers. Read more:  
Scary--Obama's budget deficits are so out of control that he has to borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends.
I don’t know why our allies are so surprised Obama is tapping their phones? Nothing changes!
....Lightly looked at doing a building somewhere in Russia. Put up zero money zero guarantees and didn’t do the project. Witch Hunt!
The USC should be ruling any day now on @ObamaCare. Hopefully we will get the right result.
Welcome to the new Egypt Muslim Brotherhood representatives who won't take questions from Israeli journalists 
Always great to speak with Veterans - our nation's heroes. We will Make America Great Again! 
Roadway steel on beautiful Verrazano-Narrows Bridge is rusting and rotting away. Scrape and paint before too late.
Final poll results from NBC on last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. Thank you! #ImWithYou #MAGA 
John Kasich was managing director of Lehman Brothers when it crashed bringing down the world and ruining people's lives. A total failure!
Congressman Michael Guest (@GuestCongress) is an incredible fighter for the Great State of Mississippi. Michael is strong on Crime and the Border he loves our Military and Vets. Michael has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Get out and Vote for Michael tomorrow March 10th!
A great night in Macon Georgia! Thank you for all of the support. Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
“Absolutely nothing is more important than going back &amp; getting to the bottom of the origins of the investigation. We had an administration using America’s Spying Apparatus to spy on a political opponent at the height of a presidential election. Those are all known undisputed...
This took place in the Rose Garden just coming out of a cold Winter! 
If Stuart Stevens' book is as bad as his horrible political advice to Mitt Romney don't waste your money. Arrogant guy but a zero!
In light the Benghazi emails released last night it is apparent that Obama has no problem lying to the American public...
Two great and loyal friends! 
The U.S. has an increased economic value of more than 7 Trillion Dollars since the Election. May be the best economy in the history of our country. Record Jobs numbers. Nice!
....This nonsense has never happened to another President. Four days of corrupt reporting still without an apology. But there are many things that the Fake News Media has not apologized to me for like the Witch Hunt or SpyGate! The LameStream Media and their Democrat.....
“I love it when people doubt me. It makes me work harder to prove them wrong.” – Derek Jeter
#TBT With James Lipton on the set of @ApprenticeNBC 
Gallup finds Des Moines Iowa has the highest community pride (76.5) of any large city. Congrats and I agree--I love the place! @DesMoines
It’s Tuesday.  How many more customers has Glenfiddich lost today?
Witch Hunt! 
I am pleased to announce that I will name Robert C. O’Brien currently serving as the very successful Special Presidential Envoy for Hostage Affairs at the State Department as our new National Security Advisor. I have worked long &amp; hard with Robert. He will do a great job!
Just landed in North Dakota with @SenJohnHoeven and @RepKevinCramer. We will see everyone at Scheels Arena shortly! 
Can you believe that I had to go through the worst and most corrupt political Witch Hunt in the history of the United States (No Collusion) when it was the “other side” that illegally created the diversionary &amp; criminal event and even spied on my campaign? Disgraceful!
...They should realize that these relationships are a good thing not a bad thing. The U.S. is being respected again. Watch Trade!

ISIS is starting its own currency. May be stronger than the dollar if ObamaCare is fully implemented.
...or a very nervous and skinny version of Pocahontas (1/1024th) as your President rather than what you have now so great looking and smart a true Stable Genius! Sorry to say that even Social Media would be driven out of business along with and finally the Fake News Media!
I am on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace- his 20th year anniversary with #FNS throughout the day. Enjoy! 
Don't believe the lies--every budget @BarackObama has delivered to Congress raises the income tax on EVERYONE 
“See yourself as victorious! That will focus you in the right direction.” – Trump Never Give Up
به مردم شجاع و رنج کشیده ایران: من از ابتدای دوره ریاست جمهوریم با شما ایستاده‌ام و دولت من همچنان با شما خواهد ایستاد. ما اعتراضات شما را از نزدیک دنبال می کنیم. شجاعت شما الهام بخش است.
Last week's episode of the Celebrity Apprentice set the stage for a great new season. Tune in this Sunday on NBC for even more excitement.
Tonight’s #CelebrityApprentice will continue to impress. Be sure to tune in tonight at 9PM ET @NBC. It will be amazing.
THANK YOU JAPAN!🇺🇸🇯🇵 
Thank you Faith and Freedom Forum &amp; @UrbandaleSchool. I had a great time in Iowa today! 
Big Rally in Louisiana on Friday night. Must force a runoff with a Liberal Democrat Governor John Bel Edwards who has let your Taxes and Car Insurance get too high and will never protect your 2nd Amendment. Vote for one of our two great Republicans on Saturday force a runoff!
Great! 
Mini Mike Bloomberg can never recover from his incompetent debate performances. Also as mayor he was very bad under pressure - a chocker!
Remember Celebrity Apprentice  tonight  on CNBC at 9. Amazing episode - watch Omarosa get the boot!
My sons Don and Eric are right now at Doonbeg in Ireland. There will be nothing like it!
Good messaging and staying on point. @MittRomney called @BarackObama "anti-investment anti-business anti-jobs"
Watch video of Ivanka Trump sharing business advice with 4 entrepreneurial women on GMA: 
The new Pope is a humble man very much like me which probably explains why I like him so much!
7 million Americans are going to lose their jobs due to ObamaCare. 46 million face 300% premium increases. DEFUND! #MakeDCListen
Considering Obama hasn’t proposed anything concrete if he wins he won’t have a mandate.  Another 4 years of legislative stalemate.
I need @claudiatenney of #NY22 to be re-elected in order to get our big plans moving. Her opponent would be a disaster. Nobody works harder than Claudia and she is a producer. I look forward to working together with her - she has my Strongest Endorsement! Vote Claudia!
Tried watching low-rated @Morning_Joe this morning  unwatchable! @morningmika is off the wall a neurotic and not very bright mess!
Via @BreitbartNews- 
How much money are the lawyers for the Central Park Five getting out of the 40 million dollars or are they paid  by the City (or both)?
...a real loser named Tim O'Brien--and it's never recovered.
Entrepreneurs--Always remember that every day counts. Stay focused. Stay positive and develop momentum.
Somerset County New Jersey SWAT Team- really fantastic people! 
Heading to Davos Switzerland to meet with World and Business Leaders and bring Good Policy and additional Hundreds of Billions of Dollars back to the United States of America! We are now NUMBER ONE in the Universe by FAR!!
Why didn’t Gates resign if he was so unhappy about what he was being told by Obama? The fact is Iraq etc. have always been disasters!
Heading back to Washington after working hard and watching some of the worst and most dishonest Fake News reporting I have ever seen!
For all of the money we are spending NASA should NOT be talking about going to the Moon - We did that 50 years ago. They should be focused on the much bigger things we are doing including Mars (of which the Moon is a part) Defense and Science!
“If they don’t get this Trade Deal with the U.S. done China could have it first recession (or worse!) in years. There’s disinvestment in China right now. Also the Fed is too tight (I agree).” Steve Moore Heritage Foundation
Just heard Fake News CNN is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a WAY OFF disaster. Much higher ratings at Fox
Unfortunately@BarackObama's continued attack on the US $ will lead to ever rising gas prices at the pump and lots of other really bad things
“It is hard to fail but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.” -Theodore Roosevelt
South Korea is absolutely killing us on trade deals. Their surplus vs U.S. is massive - and we pay for their protection. WHO NEGOTIATES?
I am hearing that @NRCC Digital Director @lansing is doing great work expanding and modernizing @GOP social media.  Good – we need it.
I have arrived in Scotland and will be at Trump Turnberry for two days of meetings calls and hopefully some golf - my primary form of exercise! The weather is beautiful and this place is incredible! Tomorrow I go to Helsinki for a Monday meeting with Vladimir Putin.
Millions without electricity across NY &amp; NJ. The media has covered for Obama’s massive failure. Can you imagine if this was another Pres?
LIVE on #Periscope: Join me for a few minutes in Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE tomorrow. LETS #MAGA!! 
.@SenRandPaul’s Tea Party rebuttal to Obama’s SOTU explained why limited government promotes freedom. Well done!
Via @worldnetdaily: "JAILED U.S. PASTOR'S WIFE PRAISES TRUMP: 'I hope more people like him will speak out'"  
Minorities line up behind.....Donald Trump #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
North Korea has just staged their parade celebrating 70th anniversary of founding without the customary display of nuclear missiles. Theme was peace and economic development. “Experts believe that North Korea cut out the nuclear missiles to show President Trump......
Thank you Virginia! #Trump2016#SuperTuesday
The Pledge of Allegiance to our great Country in St. Louis Park Minnesota is under siege. That is why I am going to win the Great State of Minnesota in the 2020 Election. People are sick and tired of this stupidity and disloyalty to our wonderful USA!
.@BarackObama said he doesn't take the Navy Seals campaigning against him "too seriously."
Our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in U.S. history
All because of me- people don’t care about you Cher. "@cher My week on twitter 1k retweets  29 new listings 15k new followers 2k mentions."
China just announced that their economy is growing much slower than anticipated because of our Trade War with them. They have just suspended U.S. Tariff Hikes. U.S. is doing very well. China wants to make a big and very comprehensive deal. It could happen and rather soon!
Everybody is asking how the phony and fraudulent investigation of the No Collusion No Obstruction Trump Campaign began. We need to know for future generations to understand. This Hoax should never be allowed to happen to another President or Administration again!
I have not forgotten that when it was announced that I was going to do The Apprentice and when it then became a big hit helping NBC’s failed lineup greatly @DebraMessing came up to me at an Upfront &amp; profusely thanked me even calling me “Sir.” How times have changed!
96-0 in the United States Senate. Congratulations AMERICA!
I am watching @CNN very little lately because they are so biased against me. Shows are predictable garbage! CNN and MSM is one big lie!
....anywhere so we’ve now had 3 years of the Democrats chasing Donald Trump. Nancy Pelosi’s worried about the American voter looking for someone to blame for that eventually. Look at her own story in the House. What have they done? The average American can’t identify anything...
The Failing New York Times wrote another phony story. It was political pundit Doug Schoen not a Ukrainian businessman who asked me to do a short speech by phone (Skype) hosted by Doug in Ukraine. I was very positive about Ukraine-another negative to the Fake Russia  C story!
.....trial in the Senate and so that our Country can get back to business. We will have Schiff the Bidens Pelosi and many more testify and will reveal for the first time how corrupt our system really is. I was elected to “Clean the Swamp” and that’s what I am doing!
The failing @nytimes has disgraced the media world. Gotten me wrong for two solid years. Change libel laws? 
Remember tonight's 8 o’clock episode of Celebrity Apprentice is the best ever—you will see nothing like it on tv. @ApprenticeNBC
Great conversations with President @EmmanuelMacron and his representatives on trade military and security.
Republicans are very unified and energized in our fight on the Impeachment Hoax with the Do Nothing Democrats and now  are starting to go after the Substance even more than the very infair Process because just a casual reading of the Transcript leads EVERYBODY to see that.....
Sorry  the best and most beautiful ties and shirts made anywhere and at a really reasonable cost. Also fragrance is amazing. GO TO MACY'S.
If you're going through hell keep going. -- Winston Churchill
Thank you CC! 
Trump Making GOP Speech — Is 2016 in the Cards?  via @Newsmax_Media
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our 40th President of the United States of America Ronald Reagan! 
Working on major Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. Could be very big &amp; exciting. JOBS! The E.U. is very protectionist with the U.S. STOP!
Dopey Prince @Alwaleed_Talal wants to control our U.S. politicians with daddy’s money. Can’t do it when I get elected. #Trump2016
Trump Collection’s summer line exclusively available @Macys is the pinnacle of style &amp; prestige. Dress your best!  
Focus on your goals not on fixed patterns. Do what's necessary and what's unnecessary will be made clear.
Pandering Mini Mike Bloomberg along with his wacky friend Tom Steyer have found out the hard way that you can’t buy the election! They both wish they had it to do over again!
.@JimRenacci has worked so hard on Tax Reductions Illegal Immigration the Border and Crime. I need Jim very badly to help our agenda and to keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! He will be a fantastic Senator for the Great State of Ohio and has my full endorsement!
...The ads made her look great and now she probably will run.
.@Zagat named Christmas Day Brunch @TrumpChicago @SixteenChicago one of the best in the city! #TrumpHolidays 
to make up their own minds as to the truth. The media lies to make it look like I am against "Intelligence" when in fact I am a big fan!
The @nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me. I wonder if it will change - doubt it?
Use adverse events and monumental challenges to make you stronger. - Think Big
The G7 in France was so successful and yet when I came back and read the Corrupt and Fake News and watched numerous networks it was not even recognizable from what actually took place at the Great G7 event!
THE HILL’S TWITTER ROOM: Trump: Spitzer Weiner turning New York into ‘pervert central’ 
He has no respect for American exceptionalism. @BarackObama has outsourced our space program to the Russians 
Via @MiamiNewTimes by @Munzenrieder : “Doral Mayor Declares Emergency to Give Donald Trump Key to the City” 
$ave your $. Don’t invest in @KarlRove. He doesn’t have a clue. 
Thank you working hard! #KAG2020 
ICYMI Via @nypost by Post Editorial Board: “@TrumpFerryPoint: New Gem in the Bronx” 
A Blue Wave means Crime and Open Borders. A Red Wave means Safety and Strength!
Hope &amp; Change! China now controls a record number of our debt  
To vote for me and CENTURY 21 for the best #Superbowl commercial click the following link and “Like” the page. 
Via @AP's: ObamaCare "is a tax"  @BarackObama gave the largest tax increase in history on the middle class. Shameful!
For the disciples of global warming in 150 summers (years) there have been 20 heat waves as bad or worse than current-this has happened b4!
This afternoon at the @WhiteHouse it was my great honor to present our nation’s highest civilian honor the Presidential Medal of Freedom to American baseball legend @MarianoRivera. Congratulations on this extraordinary achievement Mo! 
I predict that dying @UnionLeader newspaper which has been run into the ground by publisher "Stinky" Joe McQuaid will be dead in 2 years!
When @mcuban had his own show The Benefactor it totally “bombed!”
Keystone: @johnboehner MUST pass Keystone by linking it to another bill.  
Merry Christmas!
...American Cancer Society and the Dana Farber Cancer Center.
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on Sunday on @FoxNews at 10:00 A. M. Enjoy!
Watch commodity prices soar because of the freezing cold. Will be bad for the economy. We could use some global warming.
Fake News is so bad for our Country! 
Great--now Supreme Court Justices are talking about a constitutional right to a cell phone  Obama just stop already.
Trump Int. Hotel &amp; Tower Vancouver will transform the skyline w/ its 616 ft twisting &amp; beautiful  tower 
My Approval Rating in the Republican Party is 95% a Record. Thank you! #2020Election
Rev. @BillyGraham is a great man and so is his son Franklin Graham.
General Anthony Tata author “Dark Winter.” I think the President is making the exact right move in Syria. All the geniuses who are protesting the withdrawal of troops from Syria are the same geniuses who cooked the books on ISIS intelligence and gave rise to ISIS.”
Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work!
President @EmmanuelMacronThank you for the beautiful welcome ceremony at Les Invalides today! 
.@FLOTUS Melania and I join the Nation in celebrating the life of Barbara Bush: 
“TRUMP HAS BEEN TOTALLY VINDICATED” 

Masa said he would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!
Wow just came out on secret tape that Crooked Hillary wants to take in as many Syrians as possible. We cannot let this happen - ISIS!
Will be in Manchester New Hampshire tonight for a big Rally. Want to shake up the Dems a little bit - they have a really boring deal going on. Still waiting for the Iowa results votes were fried. Big crowds in Manchester!
You must admit that Bryant Gumbel is one of the dumbest racists around - an arrogant dope with no talent. Failed at CBS etc-why still on TV?
.@JustinRose99 The display you put on this weekend was unprecedented. Even the best putters couldn't believe it. You're amazing. See u soon.
So ridiculous. Greta must work on her Anger Management problem then go to a good old fashioned movie with a friend! Chill Greta Chill! 
Frances Hakes former Federal prosecutor “This is really significant. The FBI had debunked the Steele Dossier in January of 2017 and then even after they did that even after they knew from the CIA &amp; from their own sources they knew that Carter Page was not the agent of
To be completed this yearTrump Int’l Golf Club Dubai will feature a 7205-yard par 71 &amp; double-sided driving range 
Floyd Mayweather is being beaten up badly through 10 rounds by Marcos Maidana but announcers say it is even. TWO ROUNDS LEFT.
If you want to conquer fear don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy. - Dale Carnegie
Via @FurnitureToday by Cindy W. Hodnett: “Dorya to introduce Trump Home high-end furniture” 
Big Rally tonight in Greenville North Carolina. Lots of great things to tell you about including the fact that our Economy is the best it has ever been. Best Employment &amp; Stock Market Numbers EVER. I’ll talk also about people who love and hate our Country (mostly love)!  7:PM
Too many people on stage for debate. @RandPaul at 11th with 2% in @RealClearNews shouldn't be allowed to participate.
A great day in Puerto Rico yesterday. While some of the news coverage is Fake most showed great warmth and friendship.
I win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign. Bad system!
Fitch has downgraded our credit outlook to "negative." Why? @BarackObama's failure to lead with the Super Committee. 
'Presidential Executive Order on Promoting Agriculture and Rural Prosperity in America'Executive Order:… 
Small businesses will have an ally in the White House with @MittRomney. Mitt gave a great interview yesterday 
I will be doing Fox and Friends at 7 A.M. this morning.
Witch Hunt! 
Healthy young child goes to doctor gets pumped with massive shot of many vaccines doesn't feel good and changes - AUTISM. Many such cases!
Via @DMRegister by @BylineAndyDavis: “Donald Trump speaks to veterans residents in Coralville” 
Very proud of Trump Int'l Golf Links in Aberdeen Scotland. Just got the five star award from @VisitScotNews  
California has a rare opportunity to turn things around and solve its high crime high tax problems - along with so many others. On June 5th. vote for GOP Gubernatorial Candidate JOHN COX a really good and highly competent man. He’ll Make California Great Again!
Some members of the media are very Angry at the Fake Story in the New York Times. They actually called to complain and apologize - a big step forward. From the day I announced the Times has been Fake News and with their disgusting new Board Member it will only get worse!
The Oscars were a great night for Mexico &amp; why not—they are ripping off the US more than almost any other nation.
Good things are happening at China Trade Talk Meeting. Warmer feelings than in recent past more like the Old Days. I will be meeting with the Vice Premier today. All would like to see something significant happen!
I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. I will defeat them both.
My interview with @Newsmax_Media where I explain that gas is headed to $5 $6 and why @RickSantorum can't win 
Hank Greenberg formerly of AIG gave $10 million to the @JebBush campaign 3 months ago. He is not happy a total waste of money!
The Kentucky Derby decision was not a good one. It was a rough &amp; tumble race on a wet and sloppy track actually a beautiful thing to watch. Only in these days of political correctness could such an overturn occur. The best horse did NOT win the Kentucky Derby - not even close!
Surprise? 1970’s global cooling alarmists were pushing same no-growth liberal agenda as today’s global warming 
Thank you Foxconn for investing $10 BILLION DOLLARS with the potential for up to 13K new jobs in Wisconsin! MadeInTheUSA🇺🇸 
#IceBucketChallenge For those of you who wanted a picture here it is- 
Iran is moving troops into Iraq under the guise that it is helping out. Actually they will take over Iraq and all of their oil. Stupid U.S.
Welcome to the new ObamaCare reality – Doctor spent 2 hours on hold w/insurance company to get approval for surgery 
Getting ready to do the David Letterman @Late_Show  tonight—I hope you all will watch—I think!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  
New Iowa poll. Thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Today's @WSJ Editorial is WRONG again. I know that China is not in the new T.P.P. trade deal but would come in latter through a back door.
Why aren’t the Democrats in the House calling Comey Brennan Clapper Page and her FBI lover (whose invaluable phone records were illegally deleted) Crooked Hillary Podesta Ohr (and Nellie) the GPS Fusion characters Christopher Steele the DNC (&amp; their missing server)....
Do you remember two years ago when Iraq was going to fight the Kurds in a different part of Syria. Many people wanted us to fight with the Kurds against Iraq who we just fought for. I said no and the Kurds left the fight twice. Now the same thing is happening with Turkey......
For the great people of Iowa find your #IACaucus location at  - so important to vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
ObamaCare Story of the Day: “Florida Cancer Patient Loses Insurance During Treatment B/C of ObamaCare” 
“It’s about peace and Properity that’s how Republican Presidents get elected and this President has delivered on the Economy and he’s delivered on keeping America Stronger and Safer. Our biggest enemy is not any one of these Democrats it’s the Media.” John McLaughlin pollster
Failing @NYTimes will always take a good story about me and make it bad. Every article is unfair and biased. Very sad!
WELCOME HOME PASTOR ANDREW BRUNSON! 
We have turned away at great expense two major Caravans but a big one has now formed and is coming. At least 8000 people! If we had a powerful Wall they wouldn’t even try to make the long and dangerous journey. Build the Wall and Crime will Fall!
.@BradSteinle Great talking to you and your parents—fantastic people. Keep your sister’s very important memory alive—big impact!
One thing has now been proven. The Democrats do not care about Open Borders and all of the crime and drugs that Open Borders bring!
Kris Kobach a strong and early supporter of mine is running for Governor of the Great State of Kansas.  He is a fantastic guy who loves his State and our Country - he will be a GREAT Governor and has my full &amp; total Endorsement! Strong on Crime Border &amp; Military. VOTE TUESDAY!
Press conference at The Old Post Office in D.C. 
While the world is not doing well economically our Country is doing better perhaps than it has ever done before. Jobs Jobs Jobs!
..not associated with Russia. Trump team spied on before he was nominated." If this is true does not get much bigger. Would be sad for U.S.
....giving the information and causing the appointment of a Special C without having the courage of his own convictions.....”  Alan Dershowitz   @TuckerCarlson   In other words the whole thing was illegally and very unfairly set up?
If you want to be successful two important considerations are passion and efficiency. - Think Like a Champion

....and Safety at the Border or anywhere else. They know nothing about it and are making our Country unsafe. Our great Law Enforcement professionals MUST BE ALLOWED TO DO THEIR JOB! If not there will be only bedlam chaos injury and death. We want the Constitution as written!
The Dems Witch Hunt continues! 
It's boardroom time! Does anyone miss @OMAROSA? #CelebApprentice
.@KarlRove is a failed Jeb Bushy. Never says anything good &amp; never will even after I beat Hillary. Shouldn't be on the air!
Donald Trump To Mitt Romney: 'You’re Fired'  via @fitsnews
The sleazy New York Democrats and their now disgraced (and run out of town) A.G. Eric Schneiderman are doing everything they can to sue me on a foundation that took in $18800000 and gave out to charity more money than it took in $19200000. I won’t settle this case!...
Turnberry in Scotland is a far superior golf course to Pinehurst - and it isn't even close! Likewise the Blue Monster at Doral.
Frank “FX” Giaccio-On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania &amp; myself THANK YOU for doing a GREAT job this morning! @NatlParkService gives you an A+! 
Lying traitor Snowden now claims that he did not give any information to the Russians or Chinese.  Why doesn’t he come home then?
He is Fake News will always be Fredo to us. I should release some of his dishonest interviews? Coupled with bad ratings he’d be out! 
.@Newsmax by @melaniebatley: "Donald Trump Tells Why He's Eyeing the White House.I'll Tell You Why He Could Win." 
The G-7 was a great success for the USA and all. LameStream Media coverage bore NO relationship to what actually happened in France - FAKE NEWS. It was GREAT!
Many people talking with much agreement on my Iran speech today. Participants in the deal are making lots of money on trade with Iran!
The Fake News Media has lost tremendous credibility with its corrupt coverage of the illegal Democrat Witch Hunt of your all time favorite duly elected President me! T.V. ratings of CNN &amp; MSNBC tanked last night after seeing the Mueller Report statement. @FoxNews up BIG!
Bryan Dean Wright former CIA Officer(Dem): “In 2016 we had a Coup. We have to take Comey and others to task. Makes no sense not to prosecute him. Comey got a book deal. I fear for my Country. He tried to kneecap our duly elected president and there are no consequences.” @fox&amp;Fs
Fantastic #MAGARally🇺🇸in West Virginia thank you. Everyone get out and VOTE for Patrick @MorriseyWV and @CarolMillerWV! 
Sunday night at 9 PM EST will be re-run of last week's episode of Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC followed by new episode at 10 PM.
Omarosa always promises and delivers high drama...
My Doral Country Club purchase was made just before Miami real estate market went through the roof—good timing!
I liked The Kelly File much better without @megynkelly. Perhaps she could take another eleven day unscheduled vacation!
Entrepreneurs: Difficulties mistakes &amp; setbacks are an inevitable part of business &amp; life. Remember to keep your equilibrium intact.
What will be the response on Wednesday? If Obama doesn't take the 5 million dollars for charity.
IRAN WILL NEVER HAVE A NUCLEAR WEAPON!
Robert Pattinson is putting on a good face for the release of Twilight. He took my advice on Kristen Stewart...I hope!
Not a good situation! 
Claims for unemployment are at a 3 month high  Where's the @BarackObama recovery?
I explained to the President of China that a trade deal with the U.S. will be far better for them if they solve the North Korean problem!
Why did @BarackObama and his family travel separately to Martha's Vineyard? They love to extravagantly spend on the taxpayers' dime.
I believe Putin will continue to re-build the Russian Empire. He has zero respect for Obama or the U.S.!
Our Farmers deserve this they are GREAT! 
Americans never quit. -- General Douglas MacArthur
Thank you Illinois! #Trump2016 
#TrumpVlog China is laughing at U.S. 
I will be interviewed by @donlemon tonight on @CNN at 10PM.
Refloating the Costa Concordia for many hundreds of millions of $'s is ridiculous. Should have taken it apart in small pieces - save fortune
Continued success is built on building a brand people know will deliver. Unless you’re @KarlRove. Then you just blame the Tea Party.
President Obama has a personal responsibility to visit &amp; embrace all people in the US who contract Ebola!
Obama can open the Mall for illegals to protest our country yet he continues to barricade WWII memorial. That’s an absolute disgrace.
“They (Conservatives) thought the merits of the Impeachment case were weak and therefore his (Romney’s) judgement is questioned.” @MZHemingway @HowardKurtz @FoxNews
A certain whack job Go Angelo who doesn't have a life- spends his time hopelessly attacking me re: Macy's....
Congressman @StevenPalazzo is doing a fantastic job for the people of Mississippi. He strongly supports our #MAGA Agenda. Steven will continue to protect your #2A &amp; Support our INCREDIBLE Vets &amp; Military. Steven has my Complete Endorsement. VOTE for Steven tomorrow March 10th!
...the lying and leaking by the people doing the Report &amp; also Bruce Ohr (and his lovely wife Molly) Comey Brennan Clapper &amp; all of the many fired people of the FBI be listed in the Report? Will the corruption within the DNC &amp; Clinton Campaign be exposed?..And so much more!
Thank you @GolfMagazine for putting my Scotland course on your cover and a Top 100 course in the world. 
Congressman @ScottRTipton is a great supporter of the #MAGA Agenda! He fights for your #2A rights and the Border Wall. Scott is working hard for Colorado and has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Some of the women on Celebrity Apprentice are absolutely crazy - maybe the wildest thing ever on reality television. Watch tonight!
America's trade deficit with China is one of our greatest national security threats.  Time for Fair Trade. We must produce our own products.
Democrats are coming after our great Kentucky Senator Mitch McConnell with someone who compared my election to September 11th....
.@IamStevenT visited me at @TrumpTowerNY- what a great guy! 
Isn’t it amazing that Obama “never knew” about the IRS scandals until he saw it in the news?!
Just cannot  believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad!
....agencies not just the FBI &amp; DOJ now the State Department to dig up dirt on him in the days leading up to the Election. Comey had conversations with Donald Trump which I don’t believe were accurate...he leaked information (corrupt).” Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch on @FoxNews
My Administration will be fighting for $200 million for the Army Corps Everglades restoration work this year. Congress needs to help us complete the world’s largest intergovernmental watershed restoration project ASAP! Good for Florida and good for the environment.
My @FoxNews @TeamCavuto interview discussing the @RNC Convention businesses making products in China and unemployment 
How many  more billions of dollars will @BarackObama continue to waste in these solar companies?
Dear @MaraLiasson I greatly appreciate your fairness. My history shows I never disappoint. Looking forward to meeting you soon.
The final part of restoring fiscal sanity to America is the most obvious and that's to control Obama-style (cont)  19:49:46,24,4,false,169871039776563200TwitLonger Beta,China is our enemy. It's time we start acting like it...and if we do our job corectly China will gain a whole (cont) 
I will be doing the @TodayShow live from New Hampshire at 7am on Monday morning. #TrumpToday
Tremendous numbers of people are coming up through Mexico in the hopes of flooding our Southern Border. We have sent additional military. We will build a Human Wall if necessary. If we had a real Wall this would be a non-event!
.@JordanSpieth  Great playing at the Masters and don't get down Jordan you will win many tournaments and many MAJORS! Keep working hard.
The Economy is raging at an all time high and is set to get even better. Jobs and wages up. Vote for Rick Saccone and keep it going!
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing you're right. -- Henry Ford
Fired FBI Agent Peter Strzok is a fraud as is the rigged investigation he started. There was no Collusion or Obstruction with Russia and everybody including the Democrats know it. The only Collusion and Obstruction was by Crooked Hillary the Democrats and the DNC!
Cuomo wants “all states to be treated the same.” But all states aren’t the same. Some are being hit hard by the Chinese Virus some are being hit practically not at all. New York is a very big “hotspot” West Virginia has thus far zero cases. Andrew keep politics out of it....
TRUMP: GOP MUST DUMP 'USELESS' ROVE TO WIN PRESIDENTIAL ELECTIONS  by @mboyle1 @BreitbartNews
Join me in Wichita Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #
I’m seeing Governor Cuomo today at The White House. He must understand that National Security far exceeds politics. New York must stop all of its unnecessary lawsuits &amp; harrassment start cleaning itself up and lowering taxes. Build relationships but don’t bring Fredo!
Tremendous Spirit! 
Things will work out fine between the U.S.A. and Russia. At the right time everyone will come to their senses &amp; there will be lasting peace!
My new book "Time To Get Tough" will be out Dec 5th. Solutions you won't hear from the politicians. The bes… (cont) 
Hillary's refusal to mention Radical Islam as she pushes a 550% increase in refugees is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country.
....the wall is not built which it will be the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way it should be!#BuildTheWall
Why aren't the same standards placed on the Democrats. Look what Hillary Clinton may have gotten away with. Disgraceful!
Statement from White House @PressSec Sarah Sanders: 
Wind farms are ugly not cost effective and don't produce worthwhile returns or energy. No wonder governments are giving up on them.
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:55 A.M. USA STRONG!
To each member of the graduating class from the National Academy at Quantico CONGRATULATIONS! 
The Miami Heat is getting it's ass kicked - they better start playing or it will be a long Summer for them.
Obama is not working. US Manufacturing orders fell a record 13.9% in August. Where's the recovery? 
The state of Virginia economy under Democrat rule has been terrible. If you vote Ed Gillespie tomorrow it will come roaring back!
Why would Kim Jong-un insult me by calling me "old" when I would NEVER call him "short and fat?" Oh well I try so hard to be his friend - and maybe someday that will happen!
Watch this video for a look at our great course in Los Angeles--- Rancho Palos Verdes-- @TrumpGolfLA
Via @politico: "Donald Trump claims Barack Obama bombshell" 
#NYCStrong #USA🇺🇸 
...Border Security is National Security and National Security is the long-term viability of our Country. A Government Shutdown is a very small price to pay for a safe and Prosperous America!
I am going to save Social Security without any cuts. I know where to get the money from. Nobody else does. - my @SRQRepublicans speech
Let Pete Rose into the Hall of Fame now - 35 years is enough!
Deal with Mexico is coming along nicely. Autoworkers and farmers must be taken care of or there will be no deal. New President of Mexico has been an absolute gentleman. Canada must wait. Their Tariffs and Trade Barriers are far too high. Will tax cars if we can’t make a deal!
What was Nike thinking?
Departed the @WhiteHouse and am now on Air Force One with the First Lady heading to Japan and looking forward to honoring on behalf of the United States His Majesty the Emperor of Japan. I will also be discussing Trade and Military with my friend Prime Minister @AbeShinzo. 
'How Trump won over a bar full of undecideds and Democrats'
New poll WOW-53% say President Obama is not honest &amp; trustworthy. What took them so long. Go back and look at his house purchase in Chicago
Thousands of fans have been sending letters to Trump Tower in anticipation of @CelebApprentice.  Really good show.
IMPORTANT - @RepMattSalmon &amp; @RepEdRoyce will hold a hearing on Oct. 1w/USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi’s mother &amp; wife 
Loved doing the debate last night on @CNBC. Check out all of the polls! Everyone agrees that Harwood bombed!
China does not negotiate from a position of strength we simply negotiate against ourselves. We have all the advantages but don't execute.
In a new poll a majority of people felt  the president "knowingly lied" about health care pledge. Who are the fools who don't think he lied?
Brits spent $57.8M on the royal family. Obamas cost us $1.4B in expenses--including entertainment  Living large on us.
I am the only Republican who will get large numbers of Dems and Indies (crossover). I will also get states that no other Republican can get.

#NATOSummit2018 Press Conference in Brussels Belgium:
.....Honduras Guatemala and El Salvador are doing nothing for the United States but taking our money. Word is that a new Caravan is forming in Honduras and they are doing nothing about it. We will be cutting off all aid to these 3 countries - taking advantage of U.S. for years!
Join me live in Reno Nevada! 
The crowning moment – Conneticut’s Erin Brady winning @MissUSA 2013 
It was a great honor to be on @MikeAndMike on @espn. Wow the response was amazing!
As gas prices keep rising @BarackObama won't approve Keystone. Instead he is pushing algae - yes algae - as an (cont) 
On 245  occasions former FBI Director James Comey told House investigators he didn’t know didn’t recall or couldn’t remember things when asked. Opened investigations on 4 Americans (not 2) - didn’t know who signed off and didn’t know Christopher Steele. All lies!
How much money is the  extremely unattractive (both inside and out) Arianna Huffington paying her poor ex-hubby for the use of his name?
.@GOP need to face reality – not one of the illegal immigrants granted amnesty will vote Republican.
It is a MOVEMENT - not a campaign. Leaving the past behind changing our future. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAF… 
“Government's first duty is to protect the people not run their lives.” – Ronald Reagan
Pres @BarackObama expects @MittRomney to play nice like @SenJohnMcCain--it's not going to happen &amp; the result is going to be much different.
Clinton Aides: ‘Definitely’ Not Releasing Some HRC Emails:
Congratulations Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin! #ICYMI- watch here:  
THANK YOU! 
After Turkey call I will be heading over to Trump National Golf Club Jupiter to play golf (quickly) with Tiger Woods and Dustin Johnson. Then back to Mar-a-Lago for talks on bringing even more jobs and companies back to the USA!
The @Lakers should have an amazing team next year with Kobe Nash and Howard. Will be fun to watch.
Hillary there is nothing to laugh about- 
“Here in America it will be the same victory as BREXIT but even more so. In the U.S. while all of this has been going on the Impeachment the obstruction the resistance President Trump has managed to deliver not just promises but a record which adds up to one.....
Next year I will be changing the name of 800 acre Doral to Trump National Doral. It will be the best resort in the country—Miami is hot!
.@SenTedCruz Ted--free legal advice on how to pre-empt the Dems on citizen issue. Go to court now &amp; seek Declaratory Judgment--you will win!
....have been stocked up and ready long before this crisis hit. Other states are thrilled with the job we have done. Sending many Ventilators today with thousands being built. 51 large cargo planes coming in with medical supplies. Prefer sending directly to hospitals.
Spend your last day of 2013 contemplating the moves you will make in 2014 to make it your best year ever!
Justice Roberts turned on his principles with absolutely irrational reasoning in order to get loving press from (cont) 
Going to North Carolina to make keynote speech - sold out crowd!
I met with the DOJ concerning the declassification of various UNREDACTED documents. They agreed to release them but stated that so doing may have a perceived negative impact on the Russia probe. Also key Allies’ called to ask not to release. Therefore the Inspector General.....
Sadly firing can be an essential and responsible business decision. It isn't pleasant but lopping off a branch can save a tree.
When an old Wall at the Southern Border that is crumbling and falling over built in an important section to keep out problems is replaced with a brand new 30 foot high steel and concrete Wall the Media says no new Wall has been built. Fake News! Building lots of Wall!
The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why then my speech had millions of more viewers than Crooked H?
Today will be a big day @Team_Mitch for you in many ways. The country is lucky.
An incredible honor to receive the endorsement of a person Ihave such tremendous respect for. Thank you Sheldon! 
China is openly sailing warships in our waters &amp; arming countries in our hemisphere including Mexico  Ally?
We've all wondered how Hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme. Wikileaks may have found the answer. Obama! 
Thanks @greggutfeld. Really nice! I’m glad I did your show. @GregGutfeldShow
I will be in beautiful Burlington Vermont tonight for a rally. Will be great fun. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
'Forgotten Man' Story: Under Trump Red Counties Economically Thrive  via @BreitbartNews
“Poll shows Dems losing interest in Impeachment inquiry all across the board. These Polls are actually devastating to the Democrats. But the writing was on the wall. He’s done so many great things. He’s devastated ISIS &amp; killed AlBaghdadi building Wall.” Jason Meister @FoxNews
Via @pbpost:  “Faldo calls team-up for golf course with Trump ‘entertaining’” 
REPEAL AND REPLACE!!! #ObamaCareInThreeWords
Thank you Florida. I love you!
Speaking at the City Club of Chicago. Sold out in minutes with thousands on the wait list!… 
Amazingly with all of the money I have raised for the vets I have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media.
The Taliban has never been hit harder than it is being hit right now. Killing 12 people including one great American soldier was not a good idea. There are much better ways to set up a negotiation. The Taliban knows they made a big mistake and they have no idea how to recover!
We are winning and the press is refusing to report it. Don't let them fool you- get out and vote! #DrainTheSwamp on November 8th!
Senate passed the VA Accountability Act. The House should get this bill to my desk ASAP! We can’t tolerate substandard care for our vets.
How did you like Michelle Obama’s bangs last night?
Mr. President you're entitled as the president to your own airplane and to your own house but not to your own facts. --@MittRomney
#DemDebate was really boring but had a lot of fun live tweeting and picked up by far the most followers.
Wow the failing @nytimes has not reported properly on Crooked's FBI release. They are at the back of the pack - no longer a credible source
Caught RED HANDED - very disappointed that China is allowing oil to go into North Korea. There will never be a friendly solution to the North Korea problem if this continues to happen!
It was my great honor to host a @WhiteHouse Conference on Supporting Veterans &amp; Military Families...To everyone here today who has served our Country in uniform &amp; to every Veteran &amp; Military family across our land I want to express the eternal gratitude of our entire Nation! 
Thank you. 
Vets mistreated NO border security? I’m with @V4SA this Tuesday 9/15 to #MakeAmericasMilitaryGreatAgain! Join us! 
Tickets for future debates should be put out to the general public instead of being given to the lobbyists &amp; special interests - the bosses!
Congressman Adam Schiff who spent two years knowingly and unlawfully lying and leaking should be forced to resign from Congress!
The talks between the U.S. and Iran are going on forever  WORLD'S LONGEST NEGOTIATION. Obama has no idea what he is doing - incompetent!
Whether you think you can or think you can't you're right. -- Henry Ford
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation with @jdickerson this morning. Enjoy!
Thank you America!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
WOW! I just heard that the previously unknown singer Mac Miller has received over 67 million hits on his song "Donald Trump."
....very often FAKE NEWS. Lamestream Media should be forced to reveal sources very much as they did in the long ago past. If they did that the media would be trusted again and Fake News would largely be a thing if the past!
The President has until tomorrow at 12 noon to pick up $5M for his favorite charity. Looking like he won't be doing it. What is he hiding?
I hope Mark Zuckerberg signs a prenup with his current girlfriend- perhaps soon to be wife. Otherwise she can walk away with 9 billion.
“To the Democrats Impeachment is partisan politics dressed up as principle.” @SteveHiltonx @FoxNews
Now the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats are asking @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell to do the job that they were unable to do. They proved NOTHING but my total innocence in the House despite the most unfair &amp; biased hearings in the history of Congress. Now they demand fairness!
The American gymnastic team was great--our country should take their lead.
BIG--@MittRomney is preferred to handle the economy over @BarackObama by 63%-29% in a @gallupnews poll 
It's not that I'm so smart it's just that I stay with problems longer. -- Albert Einstein
I look forward to the debate on Thursday night &amp; it is certainly my intention to be very nice &amp; highly respectful of the other candidates.
AMERICA'S 
....alternative venue for the SOTU Address because there is no venue that can compete with the history tradition and importance of the House Chamber. I look forward to giving a “great” State of the Union Address in the near future!
Congress has agreed to provide $8 Billion to fight Coronavirus! This means @CDCgov @HHSGov and @DHSgov will have the resources they need to Keep America Safe and keep the risk to workers and families very low. This is great news for our Health our Economy and our Nation!
Re Super PAC scam:  What the other candidates are doing is a disgrace.
Via @businessinsider by @BKcolin: “Donald Trump called the White House and offered to help fix the BP oil spill” 
The Heritage Foundation has just stated that 64% of the Trump Agenda is already done faster than even Ronald Reagan. “We’re blown away” said Thomas Binion of Heritage President Trump “is very active very conservative and very effective. Huge volume &amp; spectrum of issues.”
Wind turbine syndrome is affecting tremendous numbers of people in their wake—stop ugly turbines.
FBI Agent Peter Strzok who headed the Clinton &amp; Russia investigations texted to his lover Lisa Page in the IG Report that “we’ll stop” candidate Trump from becoming President. Doesn’t get any lower than that!
Wow the economy is really bad! GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT down 0.7% in 1st. quarter - and getting worse. I TOLD YOU SO! Only I can fix.
HILLARY'S BAD TAX HABIT! 
A fact--golfers don't get aches &amp; pains like others who don't golf. It is amazingly remedial.
The lightweight mayor is hurting the great police and other wonderful supporters. 72000 ticket requests already. Dump Frey and Omar! Make America Great Again! 
Will be delivering a major speech tonight - live on @oreillyfactor at 8:10pm from Pensacola Florida.
The Do Nothing Democrats don’t have time to get it done! 
Just returned from Asia after 12 very successful days. Great to be home!
A-Rod should donate his contract to charity. He doesn't make the @yankees any money and he doesn't perform. He is a $30M/yr rip off.
Thank you Washington! Honored to say on behalf of our great movement we have broken the all time record for votes in GOP primary history.
Join me live in Toledo Ohio. Time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA!
Entrepreneurs: A winning attitude will put things in perspective. Keep negative thoughts &amp; people where they belong--out of the big picture.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Very good call yesterday with President Putin of Russia. Tremendous potential for a good/great relationship with Russia despite what you read and see in the Fake News Media. Look how they have misled you on “Russia Collusion.” The World can be a better and safer place. Nice!
'How Trump Would Stimulate the U.S. Economy'
My list of potential U.S. Supreme Court Justices was very well recieved. During the next number of weeks I may be adding to the list!
It’s time for @PeteRose_14 to enter @MLB’s @BaseballHall. All time hits leader has paid the price.
For a guy who couldn’t get approved for the Ambassador to the U.N. years ago couldn’t get approved for anything since “begged” me for a non Senate approved job which I gave him despite many saying “Don’t do it sir” takes the job mistakenly says “Libyan Model” on T.V. and..
Thanks.  
I'll be turning the table on Larry King this Saturday night.  I'll be interviewing him in honor of the 25th Anniversary of his show.
Such great support in New Hampshire. So many people are working so hard to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Watch a powerful and frank interview with Donald Trump about the economy on Greta Van Susteren's On The Record: 
Join us tomorrow in Scranton Pennsylvania at 3pm!#TrumpPence16 #MAGA Tickets:  
Just leaving Nashville Tennessee. Had a great time with a fabulous crowd of people! Love Nashville -- back soon! 
My Administration looks forward to negotiating a large scale Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. The potential is unlimited!
“If you strike out nobody is going to help you--not your friends not the government. You have to look to look out for yourself.”-Think Big
We don’t want to have a recount in any of the battleground states. Obama will steal it. Make sure all your friends and family vote.
.@sundarpichai of Google was in the Oval Office working very hard to explain how much he liked me what a great job the Administration is doing that Google was not involved with China’s military that they didn’t help Crooked Hillary over me in the 2016 Election &amp; that they...
In the ridiculous @JebBush ad about me Jeb is speaking to me during the debate but doesn't allow my answer which destroys him - SO SAD!
While the @Yankees look like they quit and are finished they won't quit for CC
The big golf course project on the water by the Whitestone Bridge in NYC that has been under construction for many years now complete-GREAT!
Happy #FlagDay🇺🇸 
NY should frack now. What’s the hold up? Is Albany opposed to creating jobs and making gas cheaper for middle class?
Via @theblaze by @BillyHallowell:“DONALD TRUMP BLASTS OBAMA FOR FAILING TO SECURE CHRISTIAN PASTOR’S FREEDOM IN IRAN” 
Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world.Only the crooked media makes this a big deal!
Reports are out there that many CEOs of charities are getting overpaid while their causes are seeing very little...
Watch What's America Worth? hosted and narrated by me this Sunday at 9PM on @Discovery 
Thank you CBS &amp; Breitbart-total vindication! Will the mainstream media apologize? Many many witnesses. #Trump2016 
My @FoxNews interview with @TeamCavuto discussing why I will not be moderating the Newsmax-@iontv debate 
....a dangerous journey. We don’t even need to be there in that the U.S. has just become (by far) the largest producer of Energy anywhere in the world! The U.S. request for Iran is very simple - No Nuclear Weapons and No Further Sponsoring of Terror!
Glad to see that @PeteRose_14 has been hired by @FOXSports as an analyst. Pete should be around baseball and in the Hall of Fame!
I am giving away money. Check the crowdfunding site @fundanything  Raise money for anything!
Democrats are becoming the Party of late term abortion high taxes Open Borders and Crime!
Two Fantastic People! My friends from the very beginning. Thank you D&amp;S. 
The Democrats are working hard to destroy a wonderful man and a man who has the potential to be one of our greatest Supreme Court Justices ever with an array of False Accusations the likes of which have never been seen before!
Trump Tower Punta del Este’s cylindrical tower redefines the essence of luxury. On the sands of Playa Brava 
Anti-Morsi protests are 10 times larger than 2011 anti-Mubarek protests. Interesting.
What do you think of water boarding the Boston killer sometime prior to allowing our doctors to make him well? I suspect he may talk!
Together we will face this challenge as a national family with conviction with unity and with a commitment to love and support our neighbors in times of dire need. Working together we will defeat this #OpioidEpidemic.Full Opioid Summit:  
Thank you Republicans. 185 out of 185 present voted for “US” last night. Really good!
I will be speaking at 9:00 A.M. today to Police Chiefs and Sheriffs and will be discussing the horrible dangerous and wrong decision.......
.@DanaPerino &amp; @BradThorThank you so much for the wonderful compliment. Working hard! #MAGA 
BREAKING - Border security rally in Phoenix AZ at 2PM MST has been moved to @PhoenixConvCtr! Build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again!
Despite all of the great success that our Country has had over the last 3 years it makes it much more difficult to deal with foreign leaders (and others) when I am having to constantly defend myself against the Do Nothing Democrats &amp; their bogus Impeachment Scam. Bad for USA!
The Hostess closing did not have to happen--should have been an easy deal to make.
Thank you Indiana! A vote for Mike @Braun4Indiana is a vote to keep your jobs going up your wages going up and your healthcare costs coming down. It’s a vote to keep your families safe &amp; to keep criminals traffickers &amp; drug dealers OUT of our Country! Get out and for for Mike! 
My interview on @gretawire last night  - "Our Leaders Are Leading Us Into 'Oblivion'" 
I am working very hard to help New York City &amp; State. Dealing with both Mayor &amp; Governor and producing tremendously for them including four new medical centers and four new hospitals. Fake News that I won’t help them because I don’t like Cuomo (I do). Just sent 4000 ventilators!
Our record Economy would CRASH just like in 1929 if any of those clowns became President!
.@andersoncooper did an excellent job of hosting the #DemDebate last night. Tough firm but fair.
Thank you @Forbes for showing the @WSJ was wrong. So dishonest! 
If the Prez wants to create jobs talk to some business people---not liberal intellectuals.
Meeting with U.S. Governors in a short while. All States are doing well. “Thank you Mr. President.”
To have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system #TimeToGetTough
Via @DMRegister  by @newsmanone: “'Moon cycle' can't defeat @ShawnJohnson on @ApprenticeNBC” 
Virtually all Presidents and candidates including John McCain Bill Clinton George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush... 
My wife Melania will be speaking in Pennsylvania this afternoon. So exciting big crowds! I will be watching from North Carolina.
I am excited to announce that @MercedesSchlapp will soon be joining our Campaign. She feels so strongly about our Country &amp; its future. We are setting records in so many ways &amp; we will keep it going. Mercedes has done a fantastic job within the Administration &amp; I am so thankful!
Great poll! Thank you North Carolina! #VoteTrumpNC on 3/15!Trump 36%Cruz 18%Rubio 18%Carson 10%Kasich 7%Via @SurveyUSA
An idea liked by many? 
Spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan who is very enthusiastic about talks with North Korea. Also discussing opening up Japan to much better trade with the U.S. Currently have a massive $100 Billion Trade Deficit. Not fair or sustainable. It will all work out!
It now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued....
It is time to create jobs for Americans not D.C. We need a bold new direction. Let’s Make America Great Again! 
The Pope should not have resigned—he should have lived it out. It hurts him it hurts the church...
Thank you Texas! 10000 amazing supporters! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Texas! #MAGA
Remember to watch the series finale of "The Men Who Built America" this Sunday at 8/7c on @History
I just approved an expedited request for a Major Disaster Declaration for the State of California. Wanted to respond quickly in order to alleviate some of the incredible suffering going on. I am with you all the way. God Bless all of the victims and families affected.
So nice thank you both! 
This is the definition of ransom ⬇ 
Congress should be worried about American workers not people who came into our country by breaking our laws.
Video of my day at The Old Post Office- soon to be the most fabulous hotel! 
Unbelievable evening in Melbourne Florida w/ 15000 supporters- and an additional 12000 who could not get in. Tha… 
.@BarackObama wants to see 10 yrs of @MittRomney's tax returns--tell him "ok--but we want to see your college applications first.'
I don’t blame China I blame the incompetence of past Admins for allowing China to take advantage of the U.S. on trade leading up to a point where the U.S. is losing $100's of billions. How can you blame China for taking advantage of people that had no clue? I would've done same!
Congressman Jerry Nadler fought me for years on a very large development I built on the West Side of Manhattan. He wanted a Rail Yard built underneath the development or even better to stop the job. He didn’t get either &amp; the development became VERY successful. Nevertheless....
If I would have challenged the man the media would have accused me of interfering with that man's right of free speech. A no win situation!
... It is time to get out and rebuild our own nation.
I am the only one who can beat Hillary Clinton. I am not a Mitt Romney who doesn't know how to win. Hillary wants no part of "Trump"
North Carolina is a fantastic state with wonderful people. I enjoy my time there when I visit Trump National Charlotte.
It’s springtime and it just started snowing in NYC. What is going on with global warming?
We boarded the helicopter for Sarasota earlier &amp; will be landing soon! See you there. #Trump2016 
After thousands lost and spending two trillion dollars Iraq (I told you so) is imploding. Really dumb pols put us and kept us there-so sad!
Big Court win at our Southern Border! We are getting there - and Wall is being built!
....honors that he has earned including his Trident Pin. Admiral and now Ambassador to Norway Ken Braithwaite will be nominated by me to be the new Secretary of the Navy. A man of great achievement and success I know Ken will do an outstanding job!
....for Otto’s mistreatment and death. Most important Otto Warmbier will not have died in vain. Otto and his family have become a tremendous symbol of strong passion and strength which will last for many years into the future. I love Otto and think of him often!
It was an honor to meet with Republic of Rwanda President Paul Kagame this morning in Davos Switzerland. Many great discussions! #WEF18 
It has been two years since the tragedy in Parkland. We will always mourn the innocent lives taken from us – 14 wonderful students and 3 terrific educators. Earlier this week I met with families whose experiences from that horrible day still pierce the soul....
As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads he will drop like a rock in the polls against Crooked Hillary Clinton. I will win!
Turnberry- one of the most beautiful places in the world.... soon to be Trump Turnberry a Luxury… 
Cleveland just made a very wise decision - congrats!
Preliminary talks have begun for next season's #CelebrityApprentice. As usual we will have another great season.
“If you can't explain it simply you don't understand it well enough.” - Albert Einstein
The best investors are visionaries—they look beyond the present.
Today is the day that ObamaCare website was supposed to be up and working. WRONG-website is closed down a total disaster! 90 million doomed
Honored to welcome Georgia Prime Minister Giorgi Kvirikashvili to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Mike Pence.… 
Wow! Ted Cruz received $487K in campaign contributions $11M from a NY hedge fund mogul &amp; $1M low int. loan from Goldman Sachs. Hypocrite
Campaigning for the Popular Vote is much easier &amp; different than campaigning for the Electoral College. It’s like training for the 100 yard dash vs. a marathon. The brilliance of the Electoral College is that you must go to many States to win. With the Popular Vote you go to....
Americans stand with you and all of Canada Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau. Our thoughts and prayers are with you all. #TorontoStrong 
Entrepreneurs:  See each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level. Take responsibility for yourself!
Spoke to Saudi Arabia and others about increasing oil flow. All are in agreement. The California tax on gasoline is causing big problems on pricing for that state. Speak to your Governor about reducing. Economic numbers 3.2% GDP for what is often worst quarter looking good!

The reporter that called Kevin Durant "Mr. Unreliable" should be fired or at least apologize. He is a truly great player and a winner!
It won’t stay a buyer’s market forever. If you can take advantage and buy property asap. You’ll thank me!
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery - "Huntsman goes Donald Trump"  
Fake News CNN and NBC are going out of their way to disparage our great First Responders as a way to "get Trump." Not fair to FR or effort!
HAPPY NEW YEAR! 
#TrumpVlog Make our country great again! 
“I can say as it relates to the Senate Intelligence Committee Investigation that we have NO hard evidence of Collusion.”  Richard Burr (R-NC) Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman
I am now in Iowa getting ready to speak. People are always amazed to find out that I am Protestant (Presbyterian). GREAT.
PROMISES MADE PROMISES KEPT! 
“Diagnosis positive: @CNN is infected with Trump Derangement Syndrome. I’m calling out CNN for irresponsibly politicizing what should be a unifying battle against a virus that doesn’t choose sides.” @trish_regan @FoxNews  Like I say they are Fake News!
This is what the Dems are dealing with. Does anyone think this is good for the USA! 
JOIN ME! #MAGATODAY:Springfield OH Toledo OH Geneva OH FRIDAY:Manchester NH Lisbon ME Cedar Rapids 
When a complex website is broken the best thing to do is blow it up and start all over again-then sue the culprits and use the proper team!
This has been a very difficult decision regarding the Presidential run and I want to thank all my twitter fans for your fantastic support.
Common Core is a federal takeover of school curriculum. Department of Education should be disbanded not expanded. Focus on local education.
China is actually placing propaganda ads in the Des Moines Register and other papers made to look like news. That’s because we are beating them on Trade opening markets and the farmers will make a fortune when this is over! 
A-Rod should do the Yankees a favor and never play again.
It's finally happening - Fiat Chrysler just announced plans to invest $1BILLION in Michigan and Ohio plants adding 2000 jobs. This after...
Great trip to Mexico today  - wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting.
Scotland does not have free press even when you are just stating the facts-it's crazy!
The fact that I am having a meeting is a major loss for the U.S. say the haters &amp; losers. We have our hostages testing research and all missle launches have stoped and these pundits who have called me wrong from the beginning have nothing else they can say! We will be fine!
The networks are all driving me crazy to do television shows—“a ratings machine”—but because of Apprentice have been loyal  to NBC.
....Kim Jong Un sees it better than anyone and will fully take advantage of it for his people. We are doing just fine!
Fun to watch the Democrats working so hard to win the great State of South Carolina when I just won the Republican version - amazing people!
“The cheapest natural gas in the world is in the United States.” - @boonepickens
Republicans should not be giving Obama fast track authority on trade. The Trans-Pacific Partnership will squeeze our manufacturing sector
Russian officials must be laughing at the U.S. &amp; how a lame excuse for why the Dems lost the election has taken over the Fake News.
I wonder how @JoeBiden feels after last night’s love fest between Obama and Hilary on @60Minutes. Can’t be too happy.
China's new AND ADVANCED currency manipulation is killing the U.S. Help!
The FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes @NBCNews @ABC @CBS @CNN) is not my enemy it is the enemy of the American People!
Joe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush and Jeb crashed then John Kasich and that didn't work. Not much power or insight!
I will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation this morning at 10:00 A.M. Have a great day!
For Entrepreneurs: A good question to ask yourself –“What can I provide that does not yet exist?”
Yes the BP oil spill was bad but it was no reason to put tighter clamps on domestic drilling. That showed no (cont)  14:41:40,56,10,false,179940361823715328TwitLonger Beta,In terms of energy we need to be exploring and developing numerous approaches...and I also include in that (cont) 
With Dr. Dror Paley &amp; Dr. Ben Carson with two wonderful children at Mar-a-Lago. 
BEST USA ECONOMY IN HISTORY!
Everyone is talking about how Trump Tower is the exterior for Wayne Enterprises in Dark Knight Rises---it's true. 
Via @NorthvillePatch: "Donald Trump to Speak in Novi This May" 
There is no better place in the world to spend Christmas than Mar-a-Lago  in Palm Beach Florida.
For information on Trump University victory call Alan Garten Esquire at 212.836.3203 or Jeff Goldman Esquire at 212.867.4466.
Today we gathered for Diwali a holiday observed by Buddhists Sikhs and Jains throughout the United States &amp; around the world. Hundreds of millions of people have gathered with family &amp; friends to light the Diya and to mark the beginning of a New Year.  
Thank you for all of your support Iowa!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016#IACaucus finder:  
May God have mercy upon my enemies because I won't --General George S. Patton
Are any Democrat operatives the DNC or Crooked Hillary Clinton blaming Russia Russia Russia for the Bernie Sanders win in Nevada. If so I suggest calling Bob Mueller &amp; the 13 Angry Democrats to do a new Mueller Report Democrat Edition. Bob will get to the bottom of it!
With terrific Steve Wynn at dinner last night. 
.@seanhannity should have corrected Jeb Bush when he said that I "ran for president twice." Never ran merely considered running!
I think the @yankees will win today. Unlike A-Rod CC is good under pressure. I hope A-Rod plays however.
Republicans are doing really well with the Senate Midterms. Races that we were not even thinking about winning are now very close or even leading. Election night will be very interesting indeed!
Army officer who led a sexual abuse prevention unit was just fired after being charged with violently going after his wife.What is going on?
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art.Making money is art &amp; working is art &amp; good business is the best art. A. Warhol
“Face reality as it is not as it was or as you wish it to be.” - @jack_welch
Had a great time going over renovations for Trump National Doral this past weekend. It is going to be amazing. 
FAKE NEWS! 
If we want to renew our PROSPERITY restore OPPORTUNITY &amp; re-establish our economic DOMINANCE then we need tax reform that is pro-growth.. 
.@VanityFair could come back if Graydon Carter paid as much attention as he does to his bad food restaurants. @CondeNastCorp
Via @Newsmax_Media by @spiccoli: “Donald Trump Taking 'Serious Look' at 2016 Presidential Run” 
Signing orders to move forward with the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines in the Oval Off… 
It all begins today! I will see you at 11:00 A.M. for the swearing-in. THE MOVEMENT CONTINUES - THE WORK BEGINS!
Republicans must start the Tax Reform/Tax Cut legislation ASAP. Don't wait until the end of September. Needed now more than ever. Hurry!
“The United States has outperformed the rest of the world in an eye popping fashion. I don’t think we’ve seen numbers like that.” Mohamed El-Erian Allianz Chief Economic Adviser. But despite this there is tremendous potential for growth far greater than most have understood!
Shameful. After trading 5 senior Taliban for a deserter the White House is now attacking Bergdahl’s platoon 
Obama is giving Social Security &amp; ObamaCare to illegals yet wants to cut military benefits  Disgrace!
my presidency. Isn't this a ridiculous shame? He loves these kids has raised millions of dollars for them and now must stop. Wrong answer!
Heartfelt condolences from the people of the United States to the people of Sri Lanka on the horrible terrorist attacks on churches and hotels that have killed at least 138 million people and badly injured 600 more. We stand ready to help!
Glad to hear @BarackObama's attack ad featuring my plane is playing in North Carolina. Free ad time for Trump National in Charlotte!
Washington Examiner - “MAGA list: 205 ‘historic results’ help Trump make case for 2020 re-election.”  True!
The call to the Ukrainian President was PERFECT. Read the Transcript! There was NOTHING said that was in any way wrong. Republicans don’t be led into the fools trap of saying it was not perfect but is not impeachable. No it is much stronger than that. NOTHING WAS DONE WRONG!
Your civil liberties mean nothing if you're dead. That's why the single most important function of the federal (cont) 
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
What a convenient mistake: @BarackObama issued a statement for Kwanza but failed to issue one for Christmas. 
We pay for Obama's travel so he can fundraise millions so Democrats can run on lies. Then we pay for his golf.
Rising gas prices are causing a steep rise in consumer prices and will slow any future economic growth. It is a tax on all Americans.
Lincoln never sounded like that!
.@TheBrodyFile was fantastic tonight on @CNN. Thank you we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I was thrilled to be back in the Great State of Texas tonight where the people are known for being tough strong hardworking loyal and fiercely patriotic — just like America’s incredible Farmers! #AFBF2020 
Our economy is in trouble. The unemployed are more likely to drop out of the workforce than find a job. We need growth-- and now!
Totally correct! 
“‘THE DONALD’ GOT A MUSKET”   via @fitsnews
ObamaCare has brought skyrocketing premium increases &amp; unaffordable deductibles which will lead to less care &amp; job losses.
If I'd started in business thinking I knew everything I'd have been sunk before I got started. - Think Like a Champion
Good news House just passed #KatesLaw. Hopefully Senate will follow.
Afghani soldiers--those on our side--killed 7 Marines last month.  They don't want us what (cont) 
The European Union is coming to Washington tomorrow to negotiate a deal on Trade. I have an idea for them. Both the U.S. and the E.U. drop all Tariffs Barriers and Subsidies! That would finally be called Free Market and Fair Trade! Hope they do it we are ready - but they won’t!
If it weren’t for the never ending Fake News about me and with all that I have done (more than any other President in the first 2 1/2 years!) I would be leading the “Partners” of the LameStream Media by 20 points. Sorry but true!
Over 35 CIA operatives were on the ground in Benghazi the night of the 9.11 attack  Still a "phony scandal"?
Vera Coking made a big mistake in Atlantic City by turning down many millions of $’s years ago for property that just sold for $530000.
Gov Mike Pence has just stated that Donald Trump has taken a strong stance on Hoosier jobs and he thanks me! I will bring back jobs to USA.
The Media is not giving us credit for the tremendous progress we have made with North Korea. Think of where we were at the end of the Obama Administration compared to now. Great meeting this week with top Reps. Looking forward to meeting with Chairman Kim at end of February!
Working hard Lori! 
“What has happened here with the Anthony Wiener laptop the Server all of the Emails between Huma Abedin and Hillary Clinton the deleted Clinton Emails - what is going on?” @LouDobbs  Joe D &amp; Victoria T!
.@Omarosa’s emergency has put a new spin on Team Power’s presentation—but it’s not “show time” yet. #CelebApprentice
She’s baaack! @Rosie needs me to salvage her dying career. But it won’t help-- she’s got no talent &amp; no persona. Too many tv cancellations!
The Kate Steinle killer came back and back over the weakly protected Obama border always committing crimes and being violent and yet this info was not used in court. His exoneration is a complete travesty of justice. BUILD THE WALL!
“The President is the biggest and best supporter of the Steel Industry in many years. We are now doing really well. The Tariffs let us compete. Was unfair that the Steel Industry lost its jobs to unfair trade laws. Very positive outcome.” Mark Glyptis United Steelworkers
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then KEEP AMERICA GREAT!!!!
The 9.11.12 attack on the Benghazi consulate was a sophisticated multi-prong wave attack. When will all the 50+ fighters face justice?
See what I have to say about the Occupy Wall Street protestors in today's #trumpvlog.... 
Congratulations to @SpeakerRyan @GOPLeader @SteveScalise and to the Republican Party on Budget passage yesterday. Now for biggest Tax Cuts
It wasn’t the White House it wasn’t the State Department it wasn’t father LaVar’s so-called people on the ground in China that got his son out of a long term prison sentence - IT WAS ME. Too bad! LaVar is just a poor man’s version of Don King but without the hair. Just think..
Via @Newsmax_Media: "14 Reasons Donald Trump Is Really Running — and Doing Well" 
....”Nothing gives Schiff jurisdiction over Impeachment.”
Thanks! 
This Sunday’s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC features the return of @Joan_Rivers.  Sunday at 9 PM on @NBC--full 2 hours.
...We look forward to continuing our positive dialogue with China on a comprehensive Trade Deal and feel that the future between our two countries will be a very bright one!
Thank you for a great day yesterday Rhode Island! #
Priorities: @BarackObama wants to slash a Trillion dollars from military spending while raising the salaries of (cont) 
The Mainstream Media has never been more inaccurate or corrupt than it is today. It only seems to get worse. So much Fake News!
Serious voter fraud in Virginia New Hampshire and California - so why isn't the media reporting on this? Serious bias - big problem!
“When you’re at a meeting monitor your behavior and work at being an observer – of yourself and others.” – Think Like a Billionaire
FBI Director Christopher Wray just admitted that the FISA Warrants and Survailence of my campaign were illegal. So was the Fake Dossier. THEREFORE THE WHOLE SCAM INVESTIGATION THE MUELLER REPORT AND EVERYTHING ELSE FOR THREE YEARS WAS A FIXED HOAX. WHO PAYS THE PRICE?....
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar  The wind turbines are ruining the beauty &amp; majesty of Scotland...
Thank you Delaware! #Trump2016 
A far left magazine or very “progressive” as some would call it which has been doing poorly and hasn’t been involved with the Billy Graham family for many years Christianity Today knows nothing about reading a perfect transcript of a routine phone call and would rather.....
“We the people will now be subjected to the biggest display of modern day McCathyism....which is the widest fishing net expedition....every aspect of the presidents life....all in order to get power back so they can institute Socialism.” @seanhannity
“How much money can you stand to lose? That’s how much risk you should assume.” –   Think Like a Billionaire
California and New York must do something about their TREMENDOUS Homeless problems. They are setting records! If their Governors can’t handle the situation which they should be able to do very easily they must call and “politely” ask for help. Would be so easy with competence!
Trump defends campaign manager charged for bruising a reporter:
Via @fitsnews by Will Folks: “’THE DONALD’ REBUKES OBAMATRADE” 
things they did and said (like giving the questions to the debate to H). A total double standard! Media as usual gave them a pass.
.....Mexico was not being cooperative on the Border in things we had or didn’t have and now I have full confidence especially after speaking to their President yesterday that they will be very cooperative and want to get the job properly done. Importantly some things.....
. @WWE’s @WrestleMania XXIX less than 3 weeks away.  Looking forward to being inducted into the Hall of Fame!
More people are working today in the United States 158000000 than at any time in our Country’s history. That is a Big Deal!
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct #KatesLaw #SaveAmericanLives 
Go to  to help my friend Scott Brown take back our Senate.
Why do we always know how the four liberals are going to rule but have to think about which side the Republican judges will go.
Victoria's Secret reps were nasty to @KateUpton and now she is doing great.
....As proven last week during a Congressional tour the Border is clean efficient &amp; well run just very crowded. Cumming District is a disgusting rat and rodent infested mess. If he spent more time in Baltimore maybe he could help clean up this very dangerous &amp; filthy place
#CNNDebate 
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT! It should never be allowed to happen again!
Now the Democrats have asked to see 12 more people who have already spent hours with Robert Mueller and spent a fortune on lawyers in so doing. How many bites at the apple do they get before working on Border Loopholes and Asylum. They also want to interview the highly......
Watch Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday at 9 pm on NBC--we're winding up for a terrific finale. What a season! 
Congratulations to Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador on becoming the next President of Mexico. I look very much forward to working with him. There is much to be done that will benefit both the United States and Mexico!
Thank you Sarah--Let's have pizza in New York soon with you &amp; your great family 
their country (the U.S. doesn't tax them) or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the South China Sea?  I don't think so!
The Democrats made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign. Big advantage in Electoral College &amp; lost!
Canada will now sell its oil to China because @BarackObama rejected Keystone. At least China knows a good deal when they see it.
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:3O. Enjoy!
From my first day in office we’ve taken swift action to lift the crushing restrictions on American energy. Remarks… 
I hear that sleepy eyes @chucktodd will be fired like a dog from ratings starved Meet The Press? I can't imagine what is taking so long!
Great work by my Administration over the holidays to save Coast Guard pay during this #SchumerShutdown. No thanks to the Democrats who left town and are not concerned about the safety and security of Americans!
....The United States looses soooo much money on Trade with Mexico under NAFTA over 75 Billion Dollars a year (not including Drug Money which would be many times that amount) that I would consider closing the Southern Border a “profit making operation.” We build a Wall or.....
As we approach the 75th Anniversary of D-Day we proudly commemorate those heroic and honorable patriots who gave their all for the cause of freedom during some of history’s darkest hours. #DDay75 
We are fighting for all Americans from all backgrounds of every age race religion birthplace color &amp; creed. Our agenda is NOT a partisan agenda – it is the mainstream common sense agenda of the American People. Thank you El Paso Texas - I love you! 
A 34 story luxury highrise @TrumpParc offers elite amenities with residences that maximize every inch of space 
I never said “give teachers guns” like was stated on Fake News @CNN &amp; @NBC. What I said was to look at the possibility of giving “concealed guns to gun adept teachers with military or special training experience - only the best. 20% of teachers a lot would now be able to
The House gone rogue! I want to remind you a little bit about the ring leader in this whole rogue operation against the President of the United States... @MarkLevinShow 
It will be interesting to see what happens to Eliot Spitzer if he loses the election for Comptroller to very capable @scottmstringer.
Many people are now saying that this is the worst storm/hurricane they have ever seen. Good news is that we have great talent on the ground.
Five U.S. soldiers killed in Afghanistan by so-called friendly fire. What are we doing?
Finally held our first full @Cabinet meeting today. With this great team we can restore American prosperity and br… 
A big contingent of very enthusiastic Roy Moore fans at the rally last night. We can’t have a Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Democrat Jones in that important Alabama Senate seat. Need your vote to Make America Great Again! Jones will always vote against what we must do for our Country.
Can't wait to meet patriotic small business owners next week in Sarasota and Tampa! Hey @BarackObama We Did Build It!
Our CoronaVirus Team has been doing a great job. Even Democrat governors have been VERY complimentary!
I have an open door policy for my employees. I'm accessible because I like to know what's going on. -- The Midas Touch
Congratulations to Governor Rick Scott of Florida on his conclusive Republican Primary Win. He will be a great Senator!
In an Impeachment you can’t use a work of fiction as the theory for the case filling in gaps with presumptions against the President. It was a weak presentation self indulgent &amp; he didn’t deliver the goods.” Robert Charles @HeatherChilders @FoxNews
I am pleased to inform you that The United States of America has reached a signed agreement with Mexico. The Tariffs scheduled to be implemented by the U.S. on Monday against Mexico are hereby indefinitely suspended. Mexico in turn has agreed to take strong measures to....
I won every poll from last nights Presidential Debate - except for the little watched @CNN poll.
All the guys that said @MittRomney would lose are rapidly coming on board.  Mitt will remember the early helpers.
Pelosi is now leading a delegation of 9 including Corrupt Adam Schiff to Jordan to check out Syria. She should find out why Obama drew The Red Line In the Sand &amp; then did NOTHING losing Syria &amp; all respect. I did something 58 missiles. One million died under Obama’s mistake!
Today the House votes on two crucial bills:☑️#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct ☑️#KatesLaw ☑️Pass these bills &amp; lets… 
Will be in Bangor Maine today at 3pm- join me! #MAGATickets:  
Via @Zawya: “Trump home partners with lifestyle to launch an exclusive collection of home décor” 
....thought of within the U.S. We will no longer deal with him. The good news for the wonderful United Kingdom is that they will soon have a new Prime Minister. While I thoroughly enjoyed the magnificent State Visit last month it was the Queen who I was most impressed with!
It was my great honor to be joined by leading pastors and faith leaders from across our Nation today at the @WhiteHouse! 
Mr. Chairman Joe Biden may be Sleepy and Very Slow but he is not a “rabid dog.” He is actually somewhat better than that but I am the only one who can get you where you have to be. You should act quickly get the deal done. See you soon! 
The new plant being built by Foxconn in Wisconsin is incredible. Congratulations to the people of Wisconsin and to Governor Scott Walker @GovWalker and his talented representatives for having pulled it off. Great job!
....This will be remembered as one of the most shocking votes in the history of Congress. If there is one thing we should all agree on it’s protecting the lives of innocent babies.
“Outrageous it’s the Adam Schiff problem. People abusing the access to classified data to then go out in public and make allegations that didn’t prove to be true. You look at a decision to essentially investigate a political rival. Who made it?” James Freeman @WSJ
THANK YOU ALABAMA! 32000 supporters tonight. Get out &amp; VOTE on Tuesday! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
...time for Republicans &amp; Democrats to get together and come up with a healthcare plan that really works - much less expensive &amp; FAR BETTER!
Personally I'm glad the NYPD is monitoring the actions of certain extremists. New York's finest! I support them.
Today it was my great honor to sign the largest TAX CUTS and reform in the history of our country. Full remarks:  
Wake Up America -- China is eating our lunch.
Great success in Iowa today. Fantastic sold out crowd. Will be back soon!
.@MarissaMayer is right to expect Yahoo employees to come to the workplace vs. working at home. She is doing a great job!
We better be vigilant careful and strong.  
We are going to have a great time in Cleveland. Will lead to special results for our country. We will Make America Great Again!
The United States cannot &amp; will not become such a difficult place to deal with in terms of foreign countries buying our product including for the always used National Security excuse that our companies will be forced to leave in order to remain competitive. We want to sell...
...Got along great with Kim Jong-un who wants to see wonderful things for his country. As I said earlier today: Anyone can make war but only the most courageous can make peace! #SingaporeSummit
Obama has changed the Census so “it will be difficult to measure the effects” of O'Care   REAL data hidden
Happy Anniversary! #ProudDeplorable 
Thank you our great honor! 
#UtahCaucus message from @IvankaTrump! #UTCaucus#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #
The time has come to take action to IMPROVE access INCREASE choices and LOWER COSTS for HEALTHCARE! ➡️ 
Via @NOLAnews by @DaveWalkerTV: "Donald Trump praises @Joan_Rivers as 'strong' 'vibrant' in @ApprenticeNBC return" 
Tune in tonight to Greta van Susteren's  show On the Record which airs on Fox News at 9 p.m.
....so that they will be more competitive for USA buyers. We are now a much bigger economy than China and have substantially increased in size since the great 2016 Election. We are the “piggy bank” that everyone wants to raid and take advantage of. NO MORE!
I will be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship @TrumpDoral in Miami tomorrow! Rory Phil Bubba Adam and Dustin all at the top!
People in our country want borders and without them the old line pols like Crooked Hillary will not win. It is time for CHANGE -- and JOBS!
That was really exciting. Made all of my points. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Many people have been asking to see my plane The Apprentice's @AmandaTMiller will give you a tour... 
Danger-Weiner is a free man at 12:01AM. He will be back sexting with a vengeance. All women remain on alert.
.@MarkHalperin I totaly won the RJC meeting yesterday. Know many members who said "not even close." Only FULL standing O. But don't want $'s
REMEMBER FLORIDA: I have been President of the United States for almost two years. During that time Senator Bill Nelson didn’t call me once. Rick Scott called constantly requesting dollars plus for Florida. Did a GREAT job on hurricanes. VOTE SCOTT!
Iran leadership doesn’t understand the words “nice” or “compassion” they never have. Sadly the thing they do understand is Strength and Power and the USA is by far the most powerful Military Force in the world with 1.5 Trillion Dollars invested over the last two years alone..
Buy at the point of maximum pessimism; sell at the point of maximum optimism. -- Sir John Templeton
The Whistleblower must come forward to explain why his account of the phone call with the Ukrainian President was so inaccurate (fraudulent?). Why did the Whistleblower deal with corrupt politician Shifty Adam Schiff and/or his committee?
I was a big fan of Frank Robinson both as a great player and man. He was the first African American manager in baseball and was highly respected at everything he did. He will he missed!
Under my administration we will NEVER make excuses for America’s enemies – we will never hesitate in defending American lives – and we will never stop working to defeat Radical Islamic Terrorism! 
Thank you Greta.  
Despite a Federal Reserve that doesn’t know what it is doing - raised rates far to fast (very low inflation other parts of world slowing lowering &amp; easing) &amp; did large scale tightening $50 Billion/month we are on course to have one of the best Months of June in U.S. history..
The Federal government  has increased its employment by 12% since 2007. We need to stop replacing retired workers unless position is needed.
Great news! Just out--the highly respected USA Today/Suffolk University Poll. Enjoy! 
Honored to serve as Commander-in-Chief to the courageous men and women of our U.S. Armed Forces. A grateful nation thanks you! 
Now they say obese women may cause Autism in children- nonsense they use any excuse. The FDA should immediately (cont) 
Via @feminamissindia: “@MannyPacquiao among @MissUniverse 2015 judges” 
Just said at #NCGOPcon that "politicians are all talk and no action and we are all tired of it! We need action and results to move forward!"
#Imwithyou  
People are VERY disappointed in Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve. The Fed has called it wrong from the beginning too fast too slow. They even tightened in the beginning. Others are running circles around them and laughing all the way to the bank. Dollar &amp; Rates are hurting...
“A very good way to pave your own way to success is simply to work hard and to be diligent” – Think Like a Champion
M.M. is a good choice - also nice guy! #Oscars
My @WMUR9 Commitment 2016 Conversation with @JoshMcElveen discussing leadership China healthcare &amp; veterans 
Big poll comes out today on Face The Nation at 10:30 on @CBSNews.
Had a fantastic time at yesterday’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC press conference with @StephenBaldwin7 in @TrumpTowerNY.
Raffaele Sollecito was unfairly convicted. He didn’t kill anyone. The Italian government should be ashamed. @Raffasolaries
Jobless claims have dropped to a 45 year low!
Join me tomorrow in Des Moines Iowa with Vice President-Elect @mike_pence - at 7:00pm!#ThankYouTour2016 #MAGA… 
Congratulations to @KevinCramer on his huge win in North Dakota. We need Kevin in the Senate and I strongly endorse him. Heidi voted NO on our Tax Cuts and always will vote no when we need her. Kevin is strong on Crime &amp; Borders big on Cutting Taxes!
Great article--a must read by Peter Ferrara at @Forbes about "The Biggest Government  Spender in World History"
Thank you Ohio - see you tonight! 
The phony Club For Growth which asked me in writing for $1000000 (I said no) is now wanting to do negative ads on me. Total hypocrites!
Thank you General Mazloum for your kind words and courage. Please extend my warmest regards to the Kurdish people. I look forward to seeing you soon. @mustefabali
Sugar: @Lord_Sugar—unlike you I own The Apprentice. You were never successful enough...
Statement on Justice Anthony Kennedy. #SCOTUS 
Father’s Day is Sunday. Find the perfect gift.Trump Signature Collection is exclusively available @Macys 
A message for Hollywood- 
In one hour I will be making a major announcement from Trump Tower. Watch it live on Periscope! 
Never quit and always hit back -- The Art of the Comeback
Emmys telecast is way down &amp; lowest telecast on record among young adults. Emmys have no credibility-Should have nominated Apprentice again!
Mitt Romney never knew how to win. He is a pompous “ass” who has been fighting me from the beginning except when he begged me for my endorsement for his Senate run (I gave it to him) and when he begged me to be Secretary of State (I didn’t give it to him). He is so bad for R’s!
Awarded the renowned 5-Star @ForbesInspector rating the 65-story @TrumpTO brings style luxury &amp; impeccable service 
Patrick Reed—We are proud to have you as our champion at Doral. Love the attitude &amp; the play. See you in March at the Cadillac WGC.
Had a very good telephone conversation with President Xi of China. We will be having an extended meeting next week at the G-20 in Japan. Our respective teams will begin talks prior to our meeting.
I kept hearing that there would be “massive” rallies against me in the UK but it was quite the opposite. The big crowds which the Corrupt Media hates to show were those that gathered in support of the USA and me. They were big &amp; enthusiastic as opposed to the organized flops!
“Never give up on yourself.” – Think Big
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about but not much good news for the U.S.A. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!
Why isn’t the European Union and Canada informing the public that for years they have used massive Trade Tariffs and non-monetary Trade Barriers against the U.S. Totally unfair to our farmers workers &amp; companies. Take down your tariffs &amp; barriers or we will more than match you!
Government waste fraud and abuse should be immediately addressed. This will help solve our deficit crisis both short and long term.
Because the economy is so good General Motors must get their Lordstown Ohio plant open maybe in a different form or with a new owner FAST! Toyota is investing 13.5 $Billion in U.S. others likewise. G.M. MUST ACT QUICKLY. Time is of the essence!
Thank you Oklahoma &amp; Virginia! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou 
As promised our campaign against the MS-13 gang continues. "@ICEgov Busts 39 MS-13 Members in New York Operation"
Rumor has it that @politico is going out of business. Losing too much money. Great news! Likewise dopey Mort Zuckerman's @NYDailyNews
Internal polling shows that I would swamp @RobAstorino  in a NY Republican primary 77% to 23%. But won’t run if party is not unified.
Glad to see RomneyCare/ObamaCare architect Gruber being eviscerated on the Hill today. He should return all taxpayer money he was paid.
.@PamelaGeller is a total whack job who doesn't have a clue. Don't provoke the enemy go get them and make them pay. No signals just do it!
We have redeployed 750 agents at the Southern Border’s specific Ports of Entry in order to help with the large scale surge of illegal migrants trying to make their way into the United States. This will cause traffic &amp; commercial delays until such time as Mexico is able to use....
.@Kstupples Thanks for the nice comments on Trump National Doral. I’ve long been your fan—now am an even bigger fan! @TrumpDoral
....His dedication to Israel and to seeking peace between Israel and the Palestinians won’t be forgotten. He will be missed. Thank you Jason!
Is Chris Jackson as dumb as I hear - but I still like that he follows me like a good little soldier!
It is a great honor for me to be inducted into the @WWE Hall of Fame. This will take place on April 6...
A total Witch Hunt! 
Jeb Bush just got contact lenses and got rid of the glasses. He wants to look cool but it's far too late. 1% in Nevada!
New national Bloomberg poll just released - thank you! Join the MOVEMENT:  #TrumpTrain… 
The @nytimes is so dishonest. Their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by Rowanne Brewer who said it was a lie!
“Democrats can’t find a Smocking Gun tying the Trump campaign to Russia after James Comey’s testimony. No Smocking Gun...No Collusion.” @FoxNews  That’s because there was NO COLLUSION. So now the Dems go to a simple private transaction wrongly call it a campaign contribution...
Trump: US Must Get Tougher Because China Is 'Eating Our Lunch'  via Moneynews @Newsmax_Media
“WHAT HAPPENED”“How Team Hillary played the press for fools on Russia”➡️ WE KNOW! 
Via @Hometownlife: "Donald Trump to speak at Lincoln Day Dinner at The Showplace in Novi" 
Winners I am convinced imagine their dreams first. They want it with all their heart and expect it to come true. - Joe Montana
Snowden is handing over to Russia a treasure trove of intel. Our politicians are incapable of dealing!
Two of the best ever episodes of Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 8. Totally vicious and crazy! I will live tweet.
...treat our farmers much better. Highly restrictive. Mexico must do much more on stopping drugs from pouring into the U.S. They have not done what needs to be done. Millions of people addicted and dying.
Spoke to @TigerWoods to congratulate him on the great victory he had in yesterday’s @TheMasters &amp; to inform him that because of his incredible Success &amp; Comeback in Sports (Golf) and more importantly LIFE I will be presenting him with the PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM!
Scary--now China's Development Bank is looking to buy U.S. homes and developments  They will own our country soon.
Even though I have a very biased and unfair judge in the Trump U civil case in San Diego I have thousands of great reviews &amp; will win case!

While Hillary profits off the rigged system I am fighting for you! Remember the simple phrase: #FollowTheMoney… 
Man we had a great day today at Trump Tower - lots of money was given to many people who really needed it - good feelings and happiness!
THIS IS THE REAL STORY! @GreggJarrett 
Thank you! 
I am very proud of Ivanka!
.@davidaxelrod I'm sending you a check to help find a cure. @IvankaTrump says hi.
.@bwilliams--wouldn't you love to have my ratings?
The Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats said they wanted to RUSH everything through to the Senate because “President Trump is a threat to National Security” (they are vicious will say anything!) but now they don’t want to go fast anymore they want to go very slowly. Liars!
.@ABFalecbaldwin  Alec--it's not science it's a con--read the e-mails.
A Great 4th of July! America a great country who's brightest days with wise leadership lie ahead.
Why are some more concerned with granting terrorist rights than protecting innocent Americans?
Thank you for your support Greensboro North Carolina. Next stop - Charlotte! # 
.@LarrySabato is much better at giving you the answer after everything is finished and the final result is in than he is at telling you what is going to happen because in fact he doesn’t have a clue! 
Thank you to @mirandadevine of the New York Post for your interesting (and correct) column today. “Trump has gained 20 points since Impeachment began in October. He gets 67% on economy. Nonwhite approval of Trump is also at a high: 28% up 10 points in a year. Nice one Nancy.”
92-year-old registers to vote for first time says will vote for Trump      
Getting ready to leave for Washington D.C. The journey begins and I will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for..
People of Ohio are fantastic. Thank you so much. What an evening! 
Who knows what this means but it sounds good to me! 
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers their families and everybody at the @WestervillePD. 
Joe Concha The Hill: “In Emerson College Poll Impeachment among independents 49% Oppose 34% Support. You see why Pelosi is reluctant to go in with this. Dems have to go home and explain why they haven’t done something on Opioid crisis drug prices USMCA the Border etc.
The @BarackObama recovery - US unemployment is 9.1% US underemployment is 19.1%    Businesses won't hire under Obama.
.@Rosie--If America's Got Talent uses you the show will fail like all your others!
Any deal on DACA that does not include STRONG border security and the desperately needed WALL is a total waste of time. March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Dems seem not to care about DACA. Make a deal!
Join us today! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
There is no reason for the U.S. Consumer to pay the Tariffs which take effect on China today. This has been proven recently when only 4 points were paid by the U.S. 21 points by China because China subsidizes product to such a large degree. Also the Tariffs can be.....
Speaking to Governor @HenryMcMaster of South Carolina on my way to North Carolina for a big rally for Dan Bishop (@jdanbishop) running for Congress. Vote tomorrow! #NC09 
According to Fake News (and low ratings) @CNN “Democrats say hearings could change impeachment debate.” That’s because they have lost the impeachment debate (80% say NO) and they are hoping that yet another DO OVER after 2 1/2 years and $40000000 will turn things around....
Welcome to the United States @IsraeliPM Benjamin &amp; Sara!#ICYMI🇺🇸🇮🇱Joint Press Conference:  
Networks are all wanting me to do shows—like it or not a “ratings machine”! –but time I run a really big company!
Heed the advice of @FLGovScott!"If you're in an evacuation zone you need to get to a shelter...there's not many hours left." Gov. Scott 
“Always remember: Dress for the job you want not the job you have.” – Think Like a Billionaire
“The Greatest name in politics” Patrick @McHenryCampaign from the Great State of North Carolina is a Conservative Fighter and a true Leader who ALWAYS supports our #MAGA Agenda. Patrick has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
So sad and unfair that the FCC wouldn’t approve the Sinclair Broadcast merger with Tribune. This would have been a great and much needed Conservative voice for and of the People. Liberal Fake News NBC and Comcast gets approved much bigger but not Sinclair. Disgraceful!
Why isn't the Arab League paying for everything and sending troops? They want us to do their dirty work with no involvement by themselves!
Very excited for @LaraLeaYunaska and @EricTrump’s wedding this weekend.
Barney Frank admited that ObamaCare does have 'death panels' yesterday. Obamacare must be fully repealed or healthcare will be destroyed.
Vera Coking saved me “mucho” money by turning down my offer—thanks Vera!
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning.
I couldn't make the Faith and Freedom confab in Orlando so I sent a video... 
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
I wonder if @BarackObama ever applied to Occidental Columbia or Harvard as a foreign student. When can we see (cont) 
The Ebola patient who came into our country knew exactly what he was doing. Came into contact with over 100 people.Here we go-I told you so!
#MemorialDay🇺🇸 
Thank you! 
Nothing funny about tired Saturday Night Live on Fake News NBC! Question is how do the Networks get away with these total Republican hit jobs without retribution? Likewise for many other shows? Very unfair and should be looked into. This is the real Collusion!
Just got off the phone with Governor Brian Kemp (@GovKemp) of Georgia. Happy to hear that things are looking good for everyone. I stand by ready to assist along with our great team at @FEMA – we’re with you ALL THE WAY!
Since November 8th Election Day the Stock Market has posted $3.2 trillion in GAINS and consumer confidence is at a 15 year high. Jobs!
Follow Trump @DoralResort’s WGC @CadillacChamp leadership board here at @nbc's @GolfChannel 
Flying to New Hampshire to keynote the @LoebSchool First Amendment Award Ceremony. Always great to visit the Granite State!
Thank you for your support. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!#POTUSAbroad #USA🇺🇸 
How do you like Seth and Oscars so far?
Via @NRO:“Trump @KarlRove ‘Most Overrated Man in Politics’Responsible for Ashley Judd’s Rise”  @elianayjohnson
....This will supersede USMCA. Likewise I am looking at an economic penalty for the 500 Billion Dollars in illegal DRUGS that are shipped and smuggled through Mexico and across our Southern Border. Over 10000 Americans die each year sooo many families destroyed!
The top leadership of the New York State Republican Party is totally dysfunctional - they haven't won a major election in many years.
The Wall is being rapidly built! The Economy is GREAT! Our Country is Respected again!
Dummy I'm asking a question - look at the question mark at the end of the sentence! Use your head.
Why should I have the stigma of Impeachment attached to my name when I did NOTHING wrong? Read the Transcripts! A totally partisan Hoax never happened before. House Republicans voted 195-0 with three Dems voting with the Republicans. Very unfair to tens of millions of voters!
Who do you think is going home? #CelebApprentice
Thank you for the endorsement Coach Bobby Knight! I will never forget it! 
Does anybody really think that President Obama didn't know about our spying on the leaders of allies around the world - not possible!
As has been stated by numerous legal scholars I have the absolute right to PARDON myself but why would I do that when I have done nothing wrong? In the meantime the never ending Witch Hunt led by 13 very Angry and Conflicted Democrats (&amp; others) continues into the mid-terms!
I have offered DACA a wonderful deal including a doubling in the number of recipients &amp; a twelve year pathway to citizenship for two reasons: (1) Because the Republicans want to fix a long time terrible problem. (2) To show that Democrats do not want to solve DACA only use it!
Today we broke ground on a plant that will provide jobs for up to 15000 Wisconsin Workers! As Foxconn has discovered there is no better place to build hire and grow than right here in the United States! 
Great basketball game going on right now!
I am certain that at some time in the future President Xi and I together with President Putin of Russia will start talking about a meaningful halt to what has become a major and uncontrollable Arms Race. The U.S. spent 716 Billion Dollars this year. Crazy!
“Create your own visual style... let it be unique for yourself and yet identifiable for others.” - Orson Welles
There won’t be any new gun legislation. No surprise. Americans support the 2nd amendment.
Breaking News: Unemployment Rate at 3.5% drops to a 50 YEAR LOW. Wow America lets impeach your President (even though he did nothing wrong!).
Job tip: If you were the employer what kind of person would you most desire as an employee? Be that person.
Texas is great! 
I am continuing to monitor the situation in Venezuela very closely. The United States stands with the People of Venezuela and their Freedom! 
We will be having a big rally for Governor @MattBevin on Monday night in Kentucky. Get your tickets today! 
They (Dems) are scrambling for a theme and narrative. They've gone everywhere from Russian Hoax to Russian Collusion...and now they've come to this...they think they should have won the 2016 election they think in their bizarre brains that they did... 
Still waiting for a response from @billmaher.  Does he even have $5 million?
Obama was beaten but not knocked out.  He lives to fight another day. But in the real world presidents are not given a second chance...
The new winner of the @MissTeenUSA pageant K. Lee Graham 
.@NJPGA Club of the Year Trump Nat’l Bedminster is NJ's top family country club with two award winning courses 
Thank you America! # 
....are NOT planning to illegally subvert the 2020 Election despite all that has been said to the contrary. It all sounded good until I watched Kevin Cernekee a Google engineer say terrible things about what they did in 2016 and that they want to “Make sure that Trump losses...
Obama just stated "It's always good to ignore Donald Trump." I state he is right especially when the truth is against him.
The people of South Carolina are embarrassed by Nikki Haley!
It was my honor. THANK YOU! 
America's debt crisis is our country's greatest challenge. Spending must be curbed for our long term fiscal future.
Thank you Billy! 
Healthcare listening session w/ @VP &amp; @SecPriceMD. Watch:  #ReadTheBill:… 
Tune in Sunday June 3 to NBC at 9pm ET for the 2012 Miss USA competition coming from Planet Hollywood Resort &amp; Casino in Las Vegas
Many generals and military leaders are now saying "I told you so!"  They say this will have big impact on military strength &amp; national sec.
I had a very respectful conversation with the widow of Sgt. La David Johnson and spoke his name from beginning without hesitation!
Bringing the word “Nationalism” back into the mainstream - great job by Rich Lowry! Very important book. 
Susan Rice who was a disaster to President Obama as National Security Advisor is now telling us her opinion on what to do in Syria. Remember RED LINE IN THE SAND? That was Obama. Millions killed! No thanks Susan you were a disaster.
Enter the "Think Like A Champion" signed book and keychain contest:
What do you think of @DennisRodman’s Donald Trump head? The hair’s not quite right for one thing. #CelebApprentice
As a big job creator I was greatly honored to have been mentioned twice tonight during the debate.
Hillary said that guns don't keep you safe. If she really believes that she should demand that her heavily armed bodyguards quickly disarm!
Crazy chaotic Democrat Debate last night. Fake News said Biden did well even though he said half of our population was shot to death. Would be OVER for most. Mini Mike was weak and unsteady but helped greatly by his many commercials (which are not supposed to be allowed....
Just said at #NCGOPCon that "I'm not beholden to lobbyists and donors! No special interest would control me if I were in office."
Via @scotsmandotcom: "Trump joins with Chandler in bid to attract events" 
...What took place was completely unacceptable and will not be tolerated. Bill de Blasio should act immediately!
Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency.  --   Donald J. Trump
That is true and the USA is Winning Again! 
After climbing a great hill one only finds that there are many more hills to climb.-- Nelson Mandela
My @Newsmax_Media interview from Friday where I predicted that @newtgingrich in South Carolina would change the race.
I am a registered Republican.  With @MittRomney as the nominee we can defeat @BarackObama.
.@katyperry is no bargain but I don't like John Mayer--he dates and tells--be careful Katy (just watch!).
.@CarlyFiorina Carly not just you I also told Gov. Kasich to “let Jeb talk give him a chance” because Kasich was constantly cutting in.
If you want to succeed keep your edge. Staying on top of all new developments in your sector = major advantage that pays dividends.
.@ErinBurnett should have stayed at CNBC—she was never smart but people liked her. @OutFrontCNN Jeff Zucker’s got problems!

Great! He said MAGA country did it. So terrible! 
Dianne Gallagher @DianneG is a great reporter for News Channel 36 in Charlotte NC. Fantastic interview--thanks!
Don Butler and executives are doing a great job at @Cadillac--- the cars are fantastic.
A classic - China just signs massive oil and gas deal with Russia giving Russia plenty of ammo to continue laughing in U.S. face.
Thank you Senator David Perdue! 
Now is the time to buy a house if you can DIRECTLY from a bank. They want to get rid of all their foreclosures.
Why should ObamaCare be delayed for businesses and not working families?  With premiums rising at record levels it is not equitable.
I'm giving away money! 11AM Trump Tower. Be there or be left behind!
Congress should get back to Washington but @BarackObama doesn't want to interrupt his vacation in Martha's Vineyard.
Have a great and peaceful Memorial Day - but remember there are people out there who don't want us to have peace. WE MUST BE STRONG!!!!
Do you think that Hillary Clinton will apologize to me for the lie she told about "the video" of me being used by ISIS. There is no video.
Thank you Mark. #GOPDebate  
Our billion dollar website- 
.@BMP_Music_Event  Read 'Midas Touch' -- great book for entrepreneurs. Good luck!
7.8% unemployment number is a complete fraud as evidenced by the jobless claims number released yesterday.Real unemployment is at least 15%
Was with great people last night in Fort Myer Virginia. The future of our country is strong!
....guilty even on a civil bases. Those charges were just agreed to by him in order to embarrass the president and get a much reduced prison sentence which he did-including the fact that his family was temporarily let off the hook. As a lawyer Michael has great liability to me!
On June 1st. near Washington D.C. I will be opening the greatest championship golf course in the U.S. All holes front on the Potomac River
I'll be at Liberty University Monday 10 AM for speech. Looking forward to meeting students--all sold out!
“Chalk failure up to experience don’t take it personally and go find your next challenge.” – Trump: Never Give Up
Thank you to @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell and @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy for their Great Leadership! There has never been so much unity and spirit in the Republican Party as there is right now!
I want to thank the @VFWHQ for your devotion to our fallen heroes unknown soldiers Prisoners of War those Missing in Action and their families. #VFWConvention 
The April jobs report is terrible. If the labor forces didn't shrink under @BarackObama then real unemployment (cont) 
.@JohnKerry claims he has "never stopped working” f/Pastor Abedini’s release through “back channels."  Where are the results?

Is Jon Stewart a racist? See video that includes clip...  #thedailyshow
ALL THE NEWS THAT’S NOT FIT TO PRINT! “The New York Times is no longer the paper we grew up with. It is no longer a news organization. It is now an agenda driven organization out to change the Country (for the worse!).” Michael Goodwin Highly Respected New York Post Columnist.
It's disgraceful that the Obama Administration's first response was not to condemn attacks on our diplomatic (cont)  19:40:04,186,28,false,245970051230998530Twitter Web Client,So Obama can host the Muslim Brotherhood Pres. Morsi in the White House   but doesn't have time for @netanyahu?,09-12-2012 19:18:50,867,107,false,245964708111331329Twitter Web Client,OPEC will use yesterday's attacks on our embassies to raise the price of gas. They are always ripping us off.,09-12-2012 19:13:00,255,27,false,245963239547097089Twitter Web Client,It's Wednesday how many more of our embassies will be stormed by Islamists?,09-12-2012 19:08:19,172,22,false,245962060964454400Twitter Web Client,What did we get for fighting in Libya besides a dead Ambassador. Demand their oil.,09-12-2012 19:05:32,333,71,false,245961358473048066Twitter Web Client,As bad as they were I don't remember our embassies being attacked when Mubarak and Gaddafi were in power.,09-12-2012 19:00:51,362,49,false,245960182306336769TwitLonger Beta,The Middle East is blowing up--we didn't back Egypt and now they riot against us. Iran is using Iraqi airspace (cont)  18:46:14,158,15,false,245956504191131649Twitter Web Client,Obama is a disaster at foreign policy. Never had the experience or knowledge. He is not capable of doing the job.,09-12-2012 18:42:36,477,80,false,245955590147424256Twitter Web Client,Libya is selling its oil to China--I notice the Chinese Ambassador is very safe.,09-12-2012 18:41:26,284,37,false,245955293786279936Twitter Web Client,I always said the people we fought for in Libya were bad news. Once again I was right.,09-12-2012 18:40:12,646,485,false,245954982300495872TwitLonger Beta,Obama doesn't know what he's doing. His foreign policy is a disaster. Libya Egypt Iraq Afghanistan--all (cont)  17:46:17,343,51,false,245941417355116544TwitLonger Beta,An attack on our Embassy is an attack on our soil. We have been attacked by Libya. Go into Libya &amp; take the (cont)  15:23:47,445,65,false,245905556018188289Twitter Web Client,We fight to free Libya and they kill our Ambassador and other Americans. Obama's foreign policy is a joke.,09-12-2012 15:10:43,1361,196,false,245902265922224128Twitter Web Client,When will Obama next go on vacation if he wins the election? The day after.,09-12-2012 14:05:06,275,79,false,245885754939691009Twitter Web Client,Why is the Pentagon wasting precious dollars on going 'green.' Complete waste. We need the best &amp; easiest fuel for our military.,09-12-2012 12:51:05,190,38,false,245867127804932096Twitter Web Client,I hope the @GOP realizes that if they blow this election the Tea Party won't be with them next time.,09-11-2012 20:12:05,307,157,false,245615721411915776Twitter Web Client,There is no instance of a nation benefitting from prolonged warfare." -- Sun Tzu
.@CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics did not say that lawyer Beck lost the case and I got legal fees. Also she wanted to breast pump in front of me at dep.
.@Apprenticenbc cast will be announced tomorrow at 7:30am ET on the @todayshow with @MLauer
It was the childishly written &amp; taunting PR statement by Fox that made me not do the debate more so than lightweight reporter @megynkelly.
Looking forward to a big rally in Nashville Tennessee tonight. Big crowd of great people expected. Will be fun!
...The Fake News will knowingly lie and demean in order make the tremendous success of the Trump Administration and me look as bad as possible. They use non-existent sources &amp; write stories that are total fiction. Our Country is doing so well yet this is a sad day in America!
When I broadly proclaimed Mitt “choked” – and would do it again—everybody said yeah he’s right.
Thank you for your support!#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou 
.@mike_pence was fantastic tonight. Will be a great V.P.
Despite the fact that the Mueller Report should not have been authorized in the first place &amp; was written as nastily as possible by 13 (18) Angry Democrats who were true Trump Haters including highly conflicted Bob Mueller himself the end result is No Collusion No Obstruction!
.@gretawire  Greta—you’re wrong Kirsten Powers is a dummy—wasn’t she Anthony Weiner’s girlfriend?
Offering true luxury @Trump_Charlotte has spectacular restaurants Olympic pools &amp; six professional tennis courts 
Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
McAllen Texas- 8 miles from U.S. - Mexico border. #Trump2016 Video:  
Trust in God and be true to yourself. Mary MacLeod Trump"Know everything you can about what you're doing." Fred C. Trump
The 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice is unique.  We really pushed the envelope here.  Our great and loyal fans will love it.
Just spoke to Governor Jerry Brown to let him know that we are with him and the people of California all the way!
Can you believe this and what Democrats are allowing to be done to our Country? 
As election looms some bad news for Clinton Democrats:
Entrepreneurs:  Another question to ask yourself—“What am I pretending not to see?” There may be great opportunities right around you.
Don't find fault. Find a remedy.   --Henry Ford
....Also there is NO COLLUSION!
So many people are asking why isn't the A.G. or Special Council looking at the many Hillary Clinton or Comey crimes. 33000 e-mails deleted?
I am the only candidate (in many years) who is self-funding his campaign. Lobbyists and $ interests totally control all other candidates!
I’m draining the Swamp and the Swamp is trying to fight back. Don’t worry we will win!
FORMAL ACCEPTANCE OF THE NOMINATION! #TrumpPence16 
Our country is stagnant. We’ve lost jobs and business. We don’t make things anymore b/c of the bill Hillary’s husband signed and she blessed
....He loves our Military and supports our Vets! Get out and Vote for Tate Reeves on November 5th. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Thanks. 
This whole Super PAC scam is very unfair to a person like me who has disavowed all PAC's &amp; is self-funding.
Looking forward to receiving 2015 Statesman of the Year award tonight by @SRQRepublicans. A record 2000+ sell out 
Make sure you're registered to vote! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! We can't afford more years of FAILURE! All info:… 
Congrats @SixteenChicago's @ChefLents on your Chef of the Year nom in @EaterChicago Annual Eater Awards- Vote now! 
This is a time for big ideas. This is a time for real reform for a real recovery. -- @PaulRyanVP
....No Obstruction. The Dems were devastated - after all this time and money spent ($40000000) the Mueller Report was a disaster for them. But they want a Redo or Do Over. They are even bringing in @CNN sleazebag attorney John Dean. Sorry no Do Overs - Go back to work!
“In this game knowledge is the key to power.” - Think Big
Going to Louisiana on Friday night for a big Republican Rally. Keep Democrat Governor Edwards under 50% force a runoff and have a great new Republican Governor! Voting on Saturday. Information for Rally to follow.
Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first the lesson afterwards. --Vernon Sanders Law
How is Bernie Sanders going to defend our country if he can't even defend his own microphone? Very sad!
Border Patrol is apprehending record numbers of people at the Southern Border. The bad “hombres” of which there are many are being detained &amp; will be sent home. Those which we release under the ridiculous Catch &amp; Telease loophole are being registered and will be removed later!
My recent statement re: @macys -- We must have strong borders &amp; stop illegal immigration now!… 
....Our Republican candidate @EddieRispone is a successful conservative businessman who will stand with me to create jobs and protect your Second Amendment. GET OUT AND VOTE for Eddie the next Governor of the GREAT State of Louisiana!
The lights went out at the White House today   Symbolic of the Obama presidency.
.@tedcruz Conflicting Stances on Birthright Citizenship [14th Amendment] Gives #TeamTrump credit. 
White House Press Sec. had a hard time explaining why @BarackObama supported tax breaks for oil companies in (cont) 
The election is trending towards @MittRomney. Americans know we can't afford another 4 years of the Obama economic decline.
The Rigged Witch Hunt originally headed by FBI lover boy Peter S (for one year) &amp; now 13 Angry Democrats should look into the missing DNC Server Crooked Hillary’s illegally deleted Emails the Pakistani Fraudster Uranium One Podesta &amp; so much more. It’s a Democrat Con Job!
As you know earlier today there was a horrific shooting targeting and killing Jewish Americans at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. The shooter is in custody and federal authorities have been dispatched to support state and local police... 
The podium in the Oval Office looks odd! Not good but the words will be the key.
Happy Birthday @EricTrump!
Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs.
Hamas has warned Pres. Obama not to visit the Temple Mount during his trip to Israel 
Iran cannot have Nuclear Weapons! Under the terrible Obama plan they would have been on their way to Nuclear in a short number of years and existing verification is not acceptable. We are putting major additional Sanctions on Iran on Monday. I look forward to the day that.....
Congratulations David a very big deal! 
ICYMI my speech from this past Saturday at the @NHGOP @FITNsummit via @cspan  
#VoteTrump2016 &amp; together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! THANK YOU for your support! 
A very big thank you to Bill Donohue head of The Catholic League for the wonderful interview on @CNN and article in Newsmax! Great insight
We should leave Afghanistan immediately. No more wasted lives. If we have to go back in we go in hard &amp; quick. Rebuild the US first.
Wow great ratings for @ApprenticeNBC-  Don't forget watch 2 new episodes tonight at 8PM on @NBC.
Today it was my great honor to sign a Presidential Memorandum launching the Women’s Global Development and Prosperity Initiative. #WGDP Read more:  
I’ve just released my position papers on The Second Amendment. 
With the number of tweets sad sack @Rosie has done she has totally lost control of herself-- hopefully not a breakdown.
“History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid.” - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Aberdeen tourism is booming because of my great Scottish golf club. 
Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes &amp; @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?).Just like Russia
Will be doing @OutFrontCNN with @ErinBurnett tonight at 7 pm re: tax reductions and various other topics.
The Democrats today killed a Bill that would have provided great relief to Farmers and yet more money to Puerto Rico despite the fact that Puerto Rico has already been scheduled to receive more hurricane relief funding than any “place” in history. The people of Puerto Rico.....
.....on a Border is only effective in conjunction with a Wall. Properly designed and built Walls work and the Democrats are lying when they say they don’t. In Israel the Wall is 99.9% successful. Will not be any different on our Southern Border! Hundreds of $Billions saved!
For the first time in the history of military operations a country has broadcast what when and where they will be doing in a future attack!
Incredible job being done by FEMA First Responders Law Enforcement and all. Thank you!
One 57 is one of the worst looking buildings I've seen in a long time in particular its very ugly "skin."
Congratulations to Billy Payne and  @AugustaNational on doing the right thing.
A must read Andy McCarthy’s column today “Dirty dealings of dirt devils who concocted Trump-Russia probe.” The greatest Scam in political history. If the Mainstream Media were honest which they are not this story would be bigger and more important than Watergate. Someday!
LYIN’ SHIFTY SCHIFF! 
Via @scotsmandotcom:  “Awards for Trump’s golf course” 
Will be a GREAT and very accurate show tonight by @seanhannity on @foxnews (9:00 PM). Will play my full statement from Air Force One!
As dishonest as @RollingStone is I say @HuffingtonPost is worse. Neither has much money -  sue them and put them out of business!
We won’t Steve! 
My thoughts on the Republican Party in today's #trumpvlog... 
Doral Tournament was great--best 18th hole in golf and a wonderful winner in @JustinRose
The opening of the @TigerWoods Villa at trumpdoral 
I will be interviewed on @CNN at 7:00 A.M.
To any of the pundits or talking heads that do not give us proper credit for this great Midterm Election just remember two words - FAKE NEWS!
I will be speaking at the #StopIranDeal rally shortly- watch live here- 
Autism Speaks' Bob and Suzanne Wright will address the Pontifical Council on Health Care Workers at the Vatican in Rome. November 20-22
Last weeks Dateline which I hosted was the highest rated Dateline since January!
Pres. O -- a "bump in the road" in reference to our Ambassador's (and others) killing in Libya
With @VanityFair circulation and advertising revenue doing so badly rumor has it that dopey Graydon Carter is going to resign? He should.
LIVE on #Periscope 
Fantastic being in the Great State of Kentucky last night. Vote for Matt Bevin NOW! @MattBevin  One of Best Governors in U.S. He will never let you down!
.@Team_Mitch  Congratulations Mitch!
The "deplorables" came back to haunt Hillary.They expressed their feelings loud and clear. She spent big money but in the end had no game!

Our country's debt crisis cannot be solved by tax increases. We must cut government spending.
Mayor Bill Vescio of Briarcliff  Manor Westchester is doing a terrible job. Horrible roads high taxes housing down. @westchestergov
General James "Mad Dog" Mattis who is being considered for Secretary of Defense was very impressive yesterday. A true General's General!
Pres. Obama should leave the baseball game in Cuba immediately &amp; get home to Washington- where a #POTUS under a serious emergency belongs!
It's amazing--@hardball_chris has completely lost all connections to reality. He is a complete shill for Obama.
“Comey and Brennan are turning on each other.”  @kilmeade
Obama hasn't released a budget in over 2 years &amp; for the 1st time House &amp; Senate delivered budgets before him 
Be sure to tune in for Melania's second QVC show for "Melania Timepieces & Jewelry"  tonight live from 9-10 pm on QVC 
To become a champion fight one more round. -- James J. Corbett long ago Heavyweight Champion
The people of Scotland have spoken—a great decision. I wish @AlexSalmond well &amp; look forward to playing golf with him at Aberdeen!
“Statement by President Trump on the Apprehension of Mustafa al-Imam for His Alleged Role in Benghazi Attacks” 
... but like many other great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage.
....to do whatever is necessary to bring this most vital of questions and this very important case to a successful conclusion. USA! USA! USA!
Wow I just had two very good Iowa polls and a phenomenal just out National Poll from @ABC @washingtonpost - 38%.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
“Good communicators control space.” – Roger Ailes ‘You Are The Message’@FoxNews
....non-existent “sources” and a drunk/drugged up loser who hates Michael a fine person with a wonderful family. Michael is a businessman for his own account/lawyer who I have always liked &amp; respected. Most people will flip if the Government lets them out of trouble even if....
Conservatives have to be smart in the way we speak. Using crazy language that terifies seniors accomplishes (cont) 
I will be interviewed on “60 Minutes” tonight at 7:00 P.M. after NFL game. Enjoy!
Do you think the Fake News Media will ever report on this tweet from Michael? 
slaughter you. This is a purely religious threat which turned into reality. Such hatred! When will the U.S. and all countries fight back?
.@myfoxny discussing NYPD Chief Kelly’s great record &amp; the launch of the crowdfunding site  
.@BernieSanders-who blew his campaign when he gave Hillary a pass on her e-mail crime said that I feel wages in America are too high. Lie!
Departing The Pentagon after meetings with @VP Pence Secretary James Mattis and our great teams. #MAGA🇺🇸 
The failing @nytimes is greatly embarrassed by the totally dishonest story they did on my relationship with women.
Briarcliff Manor Mayor Vescio is doing a terrible job. Taxes way too high roads in terrible condition—repave Pine Road. @BriarcliffManor
Vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
A great book by a great guy highly recommended! 
Still time to #VoteTrump! #iVoted #ElectionNight 
....done a great job of reducing crime in the African American Community because more African Americans are at work today. Trump is not a Racist he’s a Businessman. Because he’s a great businessman he’s pushing for lives to be better.” Michael Brown CEO Hydromatic Tech
Why aren't the Democrats speaking about ISIS bad trade deals broken borders police and law and order. The Republican Convention was great
“Strive for wholeness and keep your sense of wonder intact &amp; you will find yourself ready for a grand slam.” - Think Like A Champion
Heading to Camp David for major meeting on National Security the Border and the Military (which we are rapidly building to strongest ever).
Via @clarechampion by @DanDanaherNews: “Wind Farm Proposal Near @Trump_Ireland Rejected” 
.@bobvanderplaats is a total phony and dishonest guy. Asked me for expensive hotel rooms free (and more). I said pay and he endorsed Cruz!
Great piece by @EWErickson @RedState exposing how Karl 1.6% Rove cooked a poll in support of ObamaCare 
President Obama made a desperate and terrible deal with Iran - Gave them 150 Billion Dollars plus I.8 Billion Dollars in CASH! Iran was in big trouble and he bailed them out. Gave them a free path to Nuclear Weapons and SOON. Instead of saying thank you Iran yelled.....
Fake News Media had me calling Immigrants or Illegal Immigrants “Animals.” Wrong! They were begrudgingly forced to withdraw their stories. I referred to MS 13 Gang Members as “Animals” a big difference - and so true. Fake News got it purposely wrong as usual!
Join me at the Target Center in Minneapolis Minnesota this Thursday October 10th at 7:00pm! Tickets:  
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Congrats to @leezeldin on a great victory. I hope my robocalls helped!  #NY1
Victory press conference was over. Why is she allowed to grab me and shout questions? Can I press charges? 
Congratulations to Tom Scocca and Timothy Burke of @Deadspin for exposing the Manti Te’o fiasco.
We're going to use American steel we're going to use American labor we are going to come first in all deals. ➡️… 
I will be going to church in Iowa this morning with my wife Melania. After church I will be making two speeches and touring the State!
On Tuesday I visited with the incredible men &amp; women of @ICEgov &amp; @DHSgov Border Patrol in Yuma AZ. Thank you. We respect &amp; cherish you! 
Just did Howard Stern Show-great time. Now doing The Today Show with Ivanka. ENJOY!

Your work will never be in vain if you work for a cause that is greater than yourself.
Happy New Year!
Still time to get out and VOTE!#WIPrimary #Trump2016 #
not anymore. The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal and now this (U.N.)! Stay strong Israel January 20th is fast approaching!

Spoke with French President @EmmanuelMacron this morning. Discussed many topics including the very exciting upcoming visit to Paris where @FLOTUS Melania and I will attend the Armistice Day Centennial Commemoration!
Great Twitter poll- and I wasn't even there. Thank you! #GOPDebate 
Read this--@BarackObama's birth certificate "cannot survive judicial scrutiny" because of "phantom numbers" 
Excellent! 
To this point and because we have had a very strong border policy we have had 40 deaths related to CoronaVirus. If we had weak or open borders that number would be many times higher!
Who handed Iraq over to Iran yesterday? @BarackObama. We have gotten nothing from the Iraqis-- we should have them pay us back with oil.
It takes guts to be a brand. You cannot be all things to all people if you want to be a brand. - Midas Touch
Want to take a quiz with me? Download the @millonseconds app and watch @RyanSeacrest on Monday at 8/7c on @NBC

THANK YOU Lexington Kentucky! Get out tomorrow and VOTE for Governor @MattBevin and the entire Republican ticket. America is thriving like never before – and the BEST IS YET TO COME! 
What are Hillary Clinton's people complaining about with respect to the F.B.I. Based on the information they had she should never.....
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin
U.S. COAL PRODUCTIONUp📈7.8% past year. Down📉31.5% last 10 years. #EndingWarOnCoal 
Airing live from Baton Rouge at 8PM ET on @nbc 2014 @MissUSA Competition will be a tremendous event 
This was outside of the massive totally full hangar tonight in Mesa Arizona!  #MAGA🇺🇸 
How can it be possible that James Woods (and many others) a strong but responsible Conservative Voice is banned from Twitter? Social Media &amp; Fake News Media together with their partner the Democrat Party have no idea the problems they are causing for themselves. VERY UNFAIR!
The tax scam Washington Post does among the most inaccurate stories of all. Really dishonest reporting.
I am growing the Republican Party tremendously - just look at the numbers way up! Democrats numbers are significantly down from years past.
Via @CarrGaz: “Trump to jet in to unveil Trump @TurnberryBuzz clubhouse” 
End the Democrats Obstruction! 
The Mueller Witch Hunt is completely OVER! @SeanHannity 
Who are your favorites on Team Power? Team Plan B? #CelebApprentice
You have all been waiting-- the response has been amazing! Watch my announcement now press release to follow at 12:15. 
So I have spent almost nothing on my run for president and am in 1st place. Jeb Bush has spent $59 million &amp; done. Run country my way!
Robert we will end up stronger than ever before. Thank you! 
Congressman Ted Yoho of Florida is doing a fantastic job and has my complete and total Endorsement! Tough on Crime and Borders Ted was really helpful on Tax Cuts. Vote all the way for Ted in the upcoming Primary - he will never let you down!
As RNC Chair Ronna McDaniel oversaw history defying gains in the Senate and unprecedented fundraising strength. I have asked her to serve another term for my 2020 re-elect because there is no one better for the job!
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution not the problem.
We have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. Veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
Brooklyn Nets have the worst uniform ever- Boring- won't matter if they win("Winning solves all problems"- (cont) 
“The Democrats hate this President so much they’re forgetting about their duty to secure our Border.” @ThomasHomanICE  @SteveHiltonx Sad but true!
I will be On The Record with Greta Van Susteren @gretawire tonight at 10 PM on Fox News.
First there was the Declaration of Independence then there was the Constitution. Now there is #TimeToGetTough. Available today.
A budget that puts #AmericaFirst must make safety its no. 1 priority—without safety there can be no prosperity: 
....other than to know he was and is a total Loser. When he makes statements about me they are made up he knows nothing!
....and the many terrible things they say about the United States must not be allowed to go unchallenged. If the Democrat Party wants to continue to condone such disgraceful behavior then we look even more forward to seeing you at the ballot box in 2020!
Where is the LameStream Media on this? 
Maria &amp; John understood the dishonesty &amp; deception from the very beginning! 
“So far you’ve had Tariffs imposed on 300 Billion Dollars worth of Chinese products but you can’t tell me that it has hurt our economy...&amp; it really hasn’t led to any kind of serious rise in prices at the consumer level.” @Varneyco  @FoxBusiness  And we are taking in $Billions!
I am in Toronto checking the great Trump International Hotel - highest rated hotel in Canada. It is a beauty!
Despite Mexico's interest in again hosting the Miss Universe Pageant it will be because of Rodolfo Rosas Moya that it will never happen.
JOIN ME TOMORROW IN FLORIDA!MIAMI• 
Despite No Collusion No Obstruction The Radical Left Democrats do not want to go on to Legislate for the good of the people but only to Investigate and waste time. This is costing our Country greatly and will cost the Dems big time in 2020!
“Any president has the authority to investigate corruption. The President himself released the transcript of the call. Now the Democrats have no evidence of a crime and no evidence of violating the law. This is a kangaroo court in the House but it’s going to go to the Senate...
Incredible afternoon in El Paso Texas. We love you and are with you all the way! 
Congratulations to #TeamUSA🇺🇸🏆on your great @PresidentsCup victory! 
The Fake News has never been more dishonest than it is today. Thank goodness we can fight back on Social Media. There new weapon of choice is Fake Polling sometimes referred to as Suppression Polls (they suppress the numbers). Had it in 2016 but this is worse.........
Megan King who is running for Superior Court Judge in the Pennsylvania election has my Full and Total Endorsement. She is tough on crime and fully understands all aspects of the law. Vote for Megan tomorrow (Tuesday).
Glad that @MittRomney is hitting @BarackObama on ending work requirements for welfare. Obama attacks the American work ethic.
Gary as the Cat in the Hat? He can work it out.
Just had a  very good tele-conference with Nation’s Governors. Went very well. Cuomo of New York has to “do more”.
I'm on the David Letterman @LateShow tonight--looking forward to it. 11:35 PM on CBS.
.@StephenBaldwin7 You were fabulous on CNN last night--I greatly appreciate your support.  Best wishes.
...while her charity is getting less than 5 cents per donated dollar. She should be ashamed!
Have you been watching how Saudi Arabia has been taunting our VERY dumb political leaders to protect them from ISIS. Why aren't they paying?
The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life.
Congratulations @ClemsonFB! 
If Democrats do not start opposing ObamaCare and fast Republicans will have a massive victory in 2014 - far greater than any predictions!
“In every battle there comes a time when both sides consider themselves beaten...
“The GOA got it exactly backwards. Here’s what they said. The law does not permit the President to substitute his own policy priorities to those Congress has enacted into law. It’s exactly the opposite. The Constitution does not allow Congress to substitute its own priorities....
Just gave a speech to the great men and women at Yokota Air Base in Tokyo Japan. Leaving to see Prime Minister Abe. 
It is not the fault of Iowa it is the Do Nothing Democrats fault. As long as I am President Iowa will stay where it is. Important tradition! 
A poll of the Miami-Dade was conclusively in favor of gambling in Miami.   @willweatherford @FLGovScott  
Brian Williams who is not the nice guy that people think he is has now become totally irrelevant. He will never again hold court!
Had a long and very good conversation with President Putin of Russia. As I have always said long before the Witch Hunt started getting along with Russia China and everyone is a good thing not a bad thing....
ICYMI via @foxnewsinsider my @foxandfriends from yesterday on Obama’s dangerous disconnect 
August job openings hit a record 7.14 million. Congratulations USA!
.@CBSNews Poll - WOW!  New Hampshire  TRUMP 38% CARSON 12% BUSH 8%  South Carolina TRUMP 40% CARSON 23% CRUZ 8% Iowa TRUMP 27% CARSON 27%
Florida very important - get out and vote for Florida Congressional Candidate Michael Waltz (R). He has my Strong Endorsement!
Why would anyone in Florida vote for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. Check out his credit card scam his house sale &amp; his no show voting!
Happy Fourth of July....Our Country is doing GREAT!
.@AC360  Anderson so amazing. Your mother is and always has been an incredible woman!
Leaving for New Hampshire now. Will be doing the @TODAYshow there live at 7:00 A.M. New @CBSNews Poll of New Hampshire: Trump 38 Carson 12!
To aspiring entrepreneurs:  Be focused! Know your goals. Put everything you've got into what you're doing--every single day.
On the shores of Lake Norman @Trump_Charlotte presents the true luxury lifestyle and an elite golf course 
....We don’t have a Tariff problem (we are reigning in bad and/or unfair players) we have a Fed problem. They don’t have a clue!
“The media are good news fire extinguishers!” @greggutfeld @TheFive
The exclusive home of @PGATOUR's @CadillacChamp @TrumpDoral sits on 800 beautiful acres in the center of Miami 
.@HillaryClinton is weak on illegal immigration &amp; totally incompetent as a manager and leader - no strength or stamina to be #POTUS!
Interview with David Muir of @ABC News in 10 minutes. Enjoy!
Trump: I Love the Tea Party They Love Me  via @Newsmax_Media (cross posted on @foxnation 
I am happy to announce that theoriginal Apprentice --which will offer job opportunities to those in need--is coming back.
.....good health at my request Pastor Brunson who had many years of a long prison term remaining. Also remember and importantly that Turkey is an important member in good standing of NATO. He is coming to the U.S. as my guest on November 13th. #ENDENDLESSWARS
I feel so badly for Mark Cuban-the Dallas Mavericks were just eliminated from the playoffs and his partners are pissed. Very sad!
Robert De Niro a very Low IQ individual has received to many shots to the head by real boxers in movies. I watched him last night and truly believe he may be “punch-drunk.” I guess he doesn’t...
I have a judge in the Trump University civil case Gonzalo Curiel (San Diego) who is very unfair. An Obama pick. Totally biased-hates Trump
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood President is visiting us next month. @BarackObama is so excited.
Via @BostonDotCom by @lilsarg: “Donald Trump on Snow Salt Vaccines and the Oval Office” 
What do you think so far? #CelebApprentice
Things are going really well for our economy a subject the Fake News spends as little time as possible discussing! Stock Market hit another RECORD HIGH unemployment is now at a 17 year low and companies are coming back into the USA. Really good news and much more to come!
Well the Special Elections are over and those that want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN are 5 and O! All the Fake News all the money spent = 0
“The underlying issue remains the same without a single American being indicted for Collusion with Russia &amp; that is a stunning end considering we were led to believe (Fake News) that something much more dramatic would happen. Why did people fall for this?” @TuckerCarlson Molly H
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.  --  John Wooden
I have spoken w/ @GovAbbott of Texas and @LouisianaGov Edwards. Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey developments &amp; here to assist as needed.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
With 18 beautiful holes each boasting unique characteristics Trump Nat’l Philadelphia is a Golf treasure 
The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration not the Trump Administrations. Why didn’t they do something about it especially when it was reported that President Obama was informed by the FBI in September before the Election?
I hope Derek Jeter’s recovery is going well.  He is a very special player and a great guy.  New York loves him. @yankees
So nice thank you very much.  
An unbelievable night in Iowa with our great Veterans! We raised $6000000.00 while the politicians talked! #GOPDebate
A vote for Democrats in November is a vote to let MS-13 run wild in our communities to let drugs pour into our cities and to take jobs and benefits away from hardworking Americans. Democrats want anarchy amnesty and chaos - Republicans want LAW ORDER and JUSTICE!
The rank and file of the FBI are great people who are disgusted with what they are learning about Lyin’ James Comey and the so-called “leaders” of the FBI. Twelve have been fired or forced to leave. They got caught spying on my campaign and then called it an investigation. Bad!
.....Chairman Kim does not want to disappoint me with a violation of trust there is far too much for North Korea to gain - the potential as a Country under Kim Jong Un’s leadership is unlimited. Also there is far too much to lose. I may be wrong but I believe that......
While I had a great meeting with NATO raising vast amounts of money I had an even better meeting with Vladimir Putin of Russia. Sadly it is not being reported that way - the Fake News is going Crazy!
.@WhiteHouse Briefing with Director Marc Short and Director Mick Mulvaney...
“Never think of learning as a burden. It may require some discipline but it prepares you for a new beginning.”– Think Like a Champion
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
This election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges and outright lies in order to elect Crooked Hillary!
Maybe I’m old fashioned but I don’t like seeing women in combat.
Rubio is totally owned by the lobbyists and special interests. A lightweight senator with the worst voting record in Senate. Lazy!
Thank you @DailyMail- for setting the failing @NYTimes story straight. This is what the NYT's should have written! 
I just learned that @politico has no credibility--total phonies that don't report the truth. A puppet of Obama?
Last nights results - in poll taken by NBC. #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou 
The Coyotes and Drug Cartels are in total control of the Mexico side of the Southern Border. They have labs nearby where they make drugs to sell into the U.S. Mexico one of the most dangerous country’s in the world must eradicate this problem now. Also stop the MARCH to U.S.
....employment numbers ever low taxes &amp; regulations a rebuilt military &amp; V.A. many great new judges &amp; so much more. But we have had a giant SCAM perpetrated upon our nation a Witch Hunt a Treasonous Hoax. That is the Constitutional Crisis &amp; hopefully guilty people will pay!
Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a  phony Vietnam con artist!
Let’s Trump the Establishment! We are no longer silent. We will Make America Great Again! 
Watching Fake News CNN is better than watching Shepard Smith the lowest rated show on @FoxNews. Actually whenever possible I turn to @OANN!
....President who is willing to have the battle and we have a great Attorney General who is willing to lead the battle and they are going to get to the bottom of it.” @EdRollins  @LouDobbs
The  White House Correspondents' dinner was so boring this year- I guess that’s because I didn’t attend(even... 
Broken promises. A broken billion dollar website. ObamaCare can’t be fixed. Repeal!
Shouldn't there have been increased security at our embassies on the anniversary of 9/11?
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!
Thank you @krauthammer for your nice comments on @oreillyfactor. A lot of progress is being made!
I will help Angel Mom (and great woman) Mary Ann Mendoza with Twitter. I know Mary Ann from the beginning and she should never be silenced. She is a winner who has lost so much her child. Twitter if you’re watching please do what you have to do NOW!  @foxandfriends
.@CNN just doesn't get it and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. Boring anti-Trump panelists mostly losers in life!
.@scottienhughes  Keep up the great work Scottie. Polls are best ever!
. #RepMikeKelly  Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. Thank you for the nice words!
“Consumer confidence rose in September notching its highest level in about 18 years. The Consumer Board's index rose to 138.4 this month from 134.7 in August...” 
We have been working hard on this - and it’s only going to get better! 
Hopefully there won't be any problems in Baltimore tonight. Be calm be cool-do not let anybody get hurt.There is just too much to live for!
I had fun appearing in the video for Carly Rae Jepsen's #CallMeMaybe for #MissUSA 2012- 
Democrat Dianne Feinstein should never have released secret committee testimony to the public without authorization. Very disrespectful to committee members and possibly illegal. She blamed her poor decision on the fact she had a cold - a first!
Via @MiamiHerald by Hannah Sampson: “BLT Prime coming to Trump’s Doral resort” 
The U.S. is respected again! 
White House relaxes penalty for canceled health policies a major blow  to the sustainability (and concept) of ObamaCare! They are desperate
The entrepreneur builds an enterprise; the technician builds a job. --Michael Gerber
I’m not proud of my locker room talk. But this world has serious problems. We need serious leaders. #debate #BigLeagueTruth
Defund it or own it. If you fund it you're for it. - @SenMikeLee
STOCK MARKET CLOSES AT ALL-TIME HIGH! What a great time for the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats to Impeach your favorite President especially since he has not done anything wrong!
The habitual vacationer--@BarackObama--spent 9 days before the critical Super Committee deadline traveling.  He failed to lead again.
As I have stated strongly before and just to reiterate if Turkey does anything that I in my great and unmatched wisdom consider to be off limits I will totally destroy and obliterate the Economy of Turkey (I’ve done before!). They must with Europe and others watch over...
The Fake News Media is going CRAZY! They are totally unhinged and in many ways after witnessing first hand the damage they do to so many innocent and decent people I enjoy watching. In 7 years when I am no longer in office their ratings will dry up and they will be gone!
C-SPAN/Conversation with Donald Trump/Economic Club of Washington DC  
Democrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies. It is time to put #AmericaFirst🇺🇸
Do you believe that @FoxNews is still playing up the old Iowa poll numbers and no mention of the ABCWashington Post or just out CBS results?
Don't negate your own power. Whatever you've been dealt know you can deal with it. Fear is the opposite of faith.
“The belief that security can be obtained by throwing a small state to the wolves is a fatal delusion.”-Winston Churchill
Happy New Year to all of my Jewish friends and supporters. Shana Tova. Hopefully it will be a great year!
I just retained Sir Nick Faldo to be the architect of the Red Course at Doral--he will do a tremendous job! @NickFaldo006
Miss Alabama @_KatherineWebb stopped by to say hello today. 
THE UNITED STATES LOVES ITALY! 
Maybe the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN should have their own rally. It would be the biggest of them all!
The Failing @nytimes has totally gone against the Social Media Guidelines that they installed to preserve some credibility after many of their biased reporters went Rogue!  @foxandfriends
I’m very concerned that Russia will be fighting very hard to have an impact on the upcoming Election. Based on the fact that no President has been tougher on Russia than me they will be pushing very hard for the Democrats. They definitely don’t want Trump!
A former Miss New York is the designer behind the swimsuits featured in Sunday’s Miss USA pageant—beautiful! 
As your President I have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the American people. 
.@FLOTUS did a spectacular job hosting the President of France @EmmanuelMacron and his wife Brigitte. Every detail was done to perfection. The State Dining Room never looked more beautiful and Washington is abuzz over what an incredible job Melania did.
I would find it hard to believe that failed presidential candidates Tom Steyer or Mini Mike Bloombeg would contribute to the Democrat Party even against me after the way they have been treated - laughed at &amp; mocked. The real politicians ate them up and spit them out!
Heritage Foundation “These numbers are blockbusters. Just since Donald Trump took office Median Family Incomrs are up over $4100. In 8 years under President Obama they only went up $1000. In one third the time President Trump has increased incomes 4 times as much and that...
Entrepreneurs: Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who’s the boss?
Poll: Trump leads top 2020 Democrats in Wisconsin 
Spoke at the Congressional @GOP Retreat in Philadelphia PA. this afternoon w/ @VP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan. Th… 
FAKE NEWS - THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Congratulations to Bill Schuette. You will have a Big win in November and be a tremendous Governor for the Great State of Michigan. Lots of car and other companies moving back!
Congresswoman Jennifer Gonzalez-Colon of Puerto Rico has been wonderful to deal with and a great representative of the people. Thank you!
Via @theblaze: "Donald Trump on how Rubio should have drank his water" 
There is far more ENERGY on the Right than there is on the Left. That’s why we just won the Senate and why we will win big in 2020. The Fake News just doesn’t want to report the facts. Border Security is a big factor. The under construction Wall will stop Gangs Drugs and Crime!
It is time to bring competence to Washington. It is time get results. Let’s Make America Great Again! 
Thank you Pittsburgh Pennsylvania!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Pres. Obama is about to embark on a 17 day vacation in his ‘native’ Hawaii putting Secret Service away from families on Christmas. Aloha!
Univision wants to back out of signed @MissUniverse contract because I exposed the terrible trade deals that the U.S. makes with Mexico.
The Fake News is going crazy making up false stories and using only unnamed sources (who don’t exist). They are totally unhinged and the great success of this Administration is making them do and say things that even they can’t believe they are saying. Truly bad people!
Perhaps this is the kind of thinking we need in Washington ... 
...The problem is no matter what the Radical Left Democrats get no matter what we give them it will never be enough. Just watch they will Harass &amp; Complain &amp; Resist (the theme of their movement). So maybe we should just take our victory and say NO we’ve got a Country to run!
On the way to the great state of Rhode Island- big rally. Then to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night!
these companies are able to move between all 50 states with no tax or tariff being charged. Please be forewarned prior to making a very ...
40 days until the election. Crunch time. @MittRomney must stay on offense and take the fight to Obama.
The @ABC poll sample is heavy on Democrats.  Very dishonest - why would they do that? Other polls good!
Putin just sent a Russian nuclear sub to the Gulf of Mexico. @BarackObama can't be bothered he is too concerned with @MittRomney's taxes.
Wow! Big Trump Hater Congressman Joe Crowley who many expected was going to take Nancy Pelosi’s place just LOST his primary election. In other words he’s out! That is a big one that nobody saw happening. Perhaps he should have been nicer and more respectful to his President!
The event with me and @V4SA in L.A on 9/15 is turning out to be huge. Get your tickets before they're gone 
Very proud to announce that Mar-a-Lago was awarded top Historic building in the state by the illustrious (cont) 
Dummy @BillMaher forgot to say that he made an absolute offer which I accepted. Hopefully charity gets $5M dollars.
Great news- Former Mayor of Dallas Tom Leppert has just endorsed me! Thank you! Tomorrow is a big day- VOTE! #VoteTrump #SuperTuesday
Will be doing @seanhannity at 10 PM on @FoxNews.  As always with Sean will be interesting!
Checking out the course at TNGC Westchester and it is fantastic. Should be a great season. 
The EU just dropped their self-imposed carbon tax.  I bet they wish they had all that money back!
“Billionaire Tech Investor Peter Thiel believes Google should be investigated for treason. He accuses Google of working with the Chinese Government.” @foxandfriends  A great and brilliant guy who knows this subject better than anyone! The Trump Administration will take a look!
The reason the DACA for Wall deal didn’t get done was that a ridiculous court decision from the 9th Circuit allowed DACA to remain thereby setting up a Supreme Court case. After ruling Dems dropped deal - and that’s where we are today Democrat obstruction of the needed Wall.
Why is Nancy Pelosi getting paid when people who are working are not?
Getting ready to leave for my GREAT resort Turnberry in Scotland. Hosting The Women's British Open (biggest tournament). Will be back Sat.
Big day for HealthCare. After 7 years of talking we will soon see whether or not Republicans are willing to step up to the plate!
#PrayForNashville 
“The most profound question of our era: Was there a conspiracy in the Obama Department of Justice and the FBI to prevent Donald Trump from becoming President of the U.S. and was Strzok at the core of the conspiracy?”  Judge Andrew Napolitano
Mark your calenders for August 23rd:  
My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before....
It is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives. Be nice you will do much better!

....to information that may have been obtained from opposing lawyers and for giving immunity in a totally incompetent fashion. I have directed the Secretary of the Navy Richard Spencer &amp; Chief of Naval Operations John Richardson to immediately withdraw and rescind the awards....
Was there another loan that Ted Cruz FORGOT to file. Goldman Sachs owns him he will do anything they demand. Not much of a reformer!
We are now sending thousands of additional troops to Iraq to teach them how to fight - they will run billions wasted! WHAT DOES U.S. GET?
Has Charles @krauthammer ever apologized for being so totally wrong on Iraq? I called it right in every way—Make America Great Again!
My interview with @EWErickson of @RedState discussing #TimeToGetTough GOP primary and my 2012 options  
Thank you to our amazing Wounded Warriors for their service. It was an honor to be with them tonight in D.C.… 
I think having Jeb's endorsement hurts Lyin' Ted. Jeb spent more than $150000000 and got nothing. I spent a fraction of that and am first!
Thank you @GLFOP! 
Congratulations to Boston on the @RedSox World Series victory. Earned and deserved.
Rosie O'Donnell's show is "dead"- can't keep going for long with such poor ratings. @Rosie is a stone cold (cont) 
Mexico is sending a big delegation to talk about the Border. Problem is they’ve been “talking” for 25 years. We want action not talk. They could solve the Border Crisis in one day if they so desired. Otherwise our companies and jobs are coming back to the USA!
The Fake Media (not Real Media) has gotten even worse since the election. Every story is badly slanted. We have to hold them to the truth!
The very rude elevator screamers are paid professionals only looking to make Senators look bad. Don’t fall for it! Also look at all of the professionally made identical signs. Paid for by Soros and others. These are not signs made in the basement from love! #Troublemakers
.@Macy’s is a big contributor to @PPFA . Anybody against Planned Parenthood should boycott racial profiling Macy’s.
It was my honor to welcome Prime Minister Leo Varadkar of Ireland to the @WhiteHouse! 
Thank you @IngrahamAngle! #AmericaFirst 
My @971FMTalk int. with @DLoesch on #HandsOffMyGun 2014 election results stopping Obamacare new Senate &amp; 2016 
Via @LatinoVoices by @CaritoJuliette: “Meet The Latina 2014 @MissUniverse Candidates” 
Will be in Phoenix Arizona on Wednesday. Changing venue to much larger one. Demand is unreal. Polls looking great! #ImWithYou
Today we celebrate the tremendous accomplishments of Americans with ASD and reaffirm our commitment to work together to ensure that every member of our society is afforded equal opportunities to reach their full potential.#WorldAutismAwarenessDay 
Oil prices are too high OPEC is at it again. Not good!
It never ends!  
Hard to believe that with 24/7 #Fake News on CNN ABC NBC CBS NYTIMES &amp; WAPO the Trump base is getting stronger!
Our Southern border is unsecure. I am the only one that can fix it nobody else has the guts to even talk about it. 
Young entrepreneurs – be patient and continue to work with determination. With hard work success will follow. Keep your focus!
China and the USA are working on selecting a new site for signing of Phase One of Trade Agreement about 60% of total deal after APEC in Chile was canceled do to unrelated circumstances. The new location will be announced soon. President Xi and President Trump will do signing!
People buy deals &amp; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals. It’s a very effective &amp; commonly used business tool.
“Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones.” - Theodore Roosevelt
The United States House of Representatives has just overwhelmingly voted to kill the Resolution on Impeachment 332-95-1. This is perhaps the most ridiculous and time consuming project I have ever had to work on. Impeachment of your President who has led the....
“This has been a disaster for the Democrats and a disaster for the reputation of Robert Mueller.” Chris Wallace @FoxNews

They attacked us &amp; we hit back. If they attack again which I would strongly advise them not to do we will hit them harder than they have ever been hit before! 
I'm getting The Commandant's Leadership Award from the U.S.Marines tonight at The Waldorf Astoria - a great honor!  @BretBaier
A great new book has been written about Crooked Hillary. Read it &amp; you will never be able to vote for her. @Ed_Klein 
I am right about Amazon costing the United States Post Office massive amounts of money for being their Delivery Boy. Amazon should pay these costs (plus) and not have them bourne by the American Taxpayer. Many billions of dollars. P.O. leaders don’t have a clue (or do they?)!
Excellent Jobs Numbers just released - and I have only just begun. Many job stifling regulations continue to fall. Movement back to USA!
We need strong tough and brilliant leadership now more than ever!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I commend Roger Ailes for publicly supporting @FoxNews’ employees against the Obama administration's intimidation of its reporters.
The media must denigrate ISIS at all levels or youth will continue to be drawn to it. These are low level degenerates NOT masterminds!
Control your own destiny or someone else will. -- Jack Welch
If President Xi would meet directly and personally with the protesters there would be a happy and enlightened ending to the Hong Kong problem. I have no doubt! 
Happy 7th birthday to Tristan a very special member of the Trump family!
I want to thank all Republicans for the work you have done in dealing with the Radical Left on Border Security. Not an easy task but the Wall is being built and will be a great achievement and contributor toward life and safety within our Country!
Dopey  @Lord_Sugar  I'm worth $8 billion and you're worth peanuts...without my show nobody would even know who you are.
The Apprentice on the other hand has been a MAJOR television hit often times finishing #1. Even now after 13 seasons it wins its slot!
“It was amazing to watch three days of arguments dismantled in two hours.” @PeteHegseth @foxandfriends
“Trump on Obama: ‘I never thought it would be this bad’”    via @breitbarttv
The @MittRomney fundraiser last night was a tremendous success.
Heading down to D.C. 
Wow because of the pressure put on by me ICE TO LAUNCH LARGE SCALE DEPORTATION RAIDS. It's about time!
“To his credit the Europeans didn't step up to deal with this ISIS problem – it’s a lot of the reason why we are in this situation today. Now Angela Merkel of Germany is finally stepping up and telling Turkey to back off....
Such long rhetorical and boring answers from Obama. No wonder nothing gets done.
.@latoyajackson informs @ArsenioHall  that @Omarosa is a “conniving witch”—is he surprised? Are we surprised? #CelebApprentice
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.-- Steve Jobs
Why has Barack Obama repeatedly told inconsistent stories about his religious background?     Who is he?
Look forward to being in Tampa this afternoon. Wonderful crowds. Thank you Florida!
Producer prices in China shrank most in 3 years due to China’s big devaluation of their currency coupled with monetary stimulus. Federal Reserve not watching? Will Fed ever get into the game? Dollar strongest EVER! Really bad for exports. No Inflation...Highest Interest Rates...
Thank you to the men and women of Fort Myer and every member of the U.S. Military at home and abroad. #USA🇺🇸 
Thank you to everybody for your wonderful comments on my debate performance - it was a lot of fun! Today I will be speaking in Reno Nevada.
It is the assessment of the U.S. government that Iran is responsible for today's attacks in the Gulf of Oman....@StateDept @SecPompeo 
Live Free or Die: A motto for the whole country to follow. #NewHampshire #FITN #VoteTrumpNH 
Phony Rubio commercial. I could have settled but won't out of principle! See student surveys. 

Work hard play hard and live to the hilt. - Think Like a Billionaire
Negotiation: It is persuasion more than power.
Towering over trendy Bay Street @TrumpTO offers 118 stunning condominiums w/ multi-angle views &amp; elite amenities 
.@VattenfallGroup lead investor in Aberdeen windfarm fiasco has dropped out—project not economically viable--&amp; protestors hate it.
The $25 Billion settlement with the banks on mortgages will slow the housing market down even more and create higher user fees. Stupid!
I consider my health stamina and strength one of my greatest assets.The world has watched me for many years and can so testify-great genes!
So exciting! I have agreed to be the Commencement Speaker at our GREAT Naval Academy on May 25th in Annapolis Maryland. Looking forward to being there.
Rudy Giuliani did a GREAT job as Mayor of NYC during the period of September 11th. His leadership bravery and skill must never be forgotten. Rudy is a TRUE WARRIOR!
Great rally in New Mexico amazing crowd! Now in L.A. Big rally in Anaheim.
“Perception about India has changed says Donald Trump”  via @EconomicTimes by Kailash Babar
.....The Witch Hunt is over but we will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Tune in to see me on @ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos at 10am ET. Enjoy!
Thank you Louisville Kentucky. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! 
No surprise that all the foreign countries are celebrating Obama's win.  They love a weak America that they can rip off.
Will be on @megynkelly tonight at 9:00. WILL BE TALKING ABOUT EVERYTHING!
“This is the best time EVER to look for a job.” James Freeman of WSJ.
#SocialMediaSummit @WhiteHouse 
THANK YOU @USCG! GREAT JOB!! 
Consumer Comfort Reaches 16-Year High on U.S. Economic Optimism via Bloomberg 
Highly overrated &amp; crazy @megynkelly is always complaining about Trump and yet she devotes her shows to me. Focus on others Megyn!
FLASHBACK: “Hiding evidence of global cooling”  @washtimes “Scientific data” is cooked!
Via @Newsmax_Media by @JAGERFILE: “Donald Trump: 'Morally Unfair' to Use Soldiers in Ebola Fight”  
.@JebBush has spent  $63000000 and is at the bottom of the polls. I have spent almost nothing and am at the top. WIN!  @hughhewitt
We’ve got NASA “rocking” again. Great activity and success. Congrats to SPACEX and all!
Crowd gathers to hear Trump speech in Las Vegas 
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. -- Albert Einstein
Thank you Michigan. We are going to bring back your jobs &amp; together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Watch:… 
Iran admits to aiding the Libyan "Rebels" and Ahmadinejad received a letter of thanks - when will Washington learn? 
“Sally Yates is part of concerns people have raised about bias in the Justice Dept. I find her actions to be really quite unbelievable.” Jonathan Turley
Crooked Hillary Clinton just can't close the deal with Bernie. I had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. Hillary doesn't have it
A year ago the pundits &amp; talking heads people that couldn’t do the job before were begging for conciliation and peace - “please meet don’t go to war.” Now that we meet and have a great relationship with Kim Jong Un the same haters shout out “you shouldn’t meet do not meet!”
I want to apprise everyone of an incident in the Strait of Hormuz today involving #USSBoxer a U.S. Navy amphibious assault ship. The BOXER took defensive action against an Iranian drone.... 
I'll be doing Fox and Friends this morning at seven.
HOUSE REPUBLICANS SHOULD PASS THE STRONG BUT FAIR IMMIGRATION BILL KNOWN AS GOODLATTE II IN THEIR AFTERNOON VOTE TODAY EVEN THOUGH THE DEMS WON’T LET IT PASS IN THE SENATE. PASSAGE WILL SHOW THAT WE WANT STRONG BORDERS &amp; SECURITY WHILE THE DEMS WANT OPEN BORDERS = CRIME.  WIN!
I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
All former Bush administration officials should have zero standing on Syria. Iraq was a waste of blood &amp; treasure.
Dr. Ben Carson blasted Ted Cruz for "deceit and dirty tricks and lies."
I can’t wait to donate @billmaher’s $5 million to charity.  Just waiting on @billmaher to send me the money.
So great to have Staff Sgt. Dan Nevins and the incredible WOUNDED WARRIORS with me in the White House yesterday. These are truly brave and special people! @foxandfriends
“WATCH: @MissUniverse contestants golf with Donald Trump @TrumpDoral”  via @KylePorterCBS by @CBSSports
Our country is not going to have a comeback with any politician. - my @SRQRepublicans speech
Learning to expect problems saved me from a lot of wasted energy. Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves.
My @foxandfriends interview discussing the Super Bowl the real unemployment numbers Iran and @MittRomney's (cont) 
So great Mark! 
Looking forward to keynoting the Nackey S. Loeb School of Communications First Amendment Awards event tomorrow in New Hampshire.
All those politicians in Washington and not one good negotiator.
The response has been fantastic--- actually overwhelming! Thank you!
Looking forward to receiving the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award at tomorrow’s @AmSpec Robert L. Bartley Gala dinner.

What Mini Mike is doing is nothing less than a large scale illegal campaign contribution. He is “spreading” money all over the place only to have recipients of his cash payments many former opponents happily joining or supporting his campaign. Isn’t that called a payoff? .....
Thank you Daily Wire. Very cute recreation but the “live” version of Conan will be leaving the Middle East for the White House sometime next week! 
Leader McCarthy we look forward to you soon becoming Speaker of the House. The Do Nothing Dems don’t have a chance! 
The constant interruptions last night by Tim Kaine should not have been allowed. Mike Pence won big!
.@davidaxelrod use Buffet Icahn Sam Zell Leon Black Kravis Caesars and many more when talking about using the bankruptcy laws not me!
The American-US Airways merger will create even worse service and much higher fares.
FACT – the reason why Americans have to worry about a government shutdown is because Obama refuses to pass a budget.
My son Donald will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 10:00 P.M. He is a great person who loves our country!
I will be announcing the winners of the #MAGACHALLENGE and inviting them to the @WhiteHouse to meet with me and perform. Good luck! 
Just spoke to President-Elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador of Mexico. Great call we will work well together!
Rand Paul is a friend of mine but he is such a negative force when it comes to fixing healthcare. Graham-Cassidy Bill is GREAT! Ends Ocare!
President Obama our great leader wants to declare martial law in New York City as a means of helping out with the "massive" storm.
Israel is being barraged by rockets from Gaza recently. They must respond accordingly in defense of their citizens.
I call Jeb Bush the reluctant warrior --- he just doesn't want to be doing this he is not having fun!
True! 
I agree! 
Gov. Cuomo's Moreland Comm should be looking at AG Schneiderman shaking down those under investigation/ in litigation for campaign $$$
If you want to stop the drug smugglers human traffickers and vicious MS-13 gang members from threatening our communities and poisoning our youth you have only one choice — you must elect more REPUBLICANS! #KAG2020 
Look forward to being with our great India loving community! 
....deficiencies and mistakes in NAFTA greatly opens markets to our Farmers and Manufacturers reduces Trade Barriers to the U.S. and will bring all three Great Nations together in competition with the rest of the world. The USMCA is a historic transaction!
Great poll numbers for @MittRomney just out--he is leading substantially in swing states.
....
“What we’re seeing on Capital Hill right now is that the Democrats are walking back any charges of Collusion against the President.” @ByronYork  @BillHemmer Should never have been started a disgrace!
“Be sure you put your feet in the right place then stand firm.” - Abraham Lincoln
Many NATO countries have agreed to step up payments considerably as they should. Money is beginning to pour in- NATO will be much stronger.
Stuart Stevens is a dumb guy who fails @ virtually everything he touches. Romney campaignhis booketc. Why does @andersoncooper put him on?

Join me in Florida tomorrow!MIAMI• 
An investment in life luxury &amp; leisure a Trump Nat’l Bedminster membership offers top amenities &amp; services 
.....Has worst attendance record in Senate- rarely there to vote on a bill! @marcorubio
Kate Middleton is great--but she shouldn't be sunbathing in the nude--only herself to blame.
Some people dream of great accomplishments while others stay awake and do them.”  -- Anonymous,05-21-2014 19:48:32,476,326,false,469203105448742912Twitter Web Client,Persistence is a key for success. Don’t give up. Continue to Think Big and you will be able to close deals.,05-21-2014 18:56:21,540,445,false,469189975205220352Twitter Web Client,Just returned from Ireland Scotland and Dubai. Amazing trip great places--but always good to be back.,05-21-2014 17:55:40,44,163,false,469174701215186945Twitter Web Client,@AntonVonClouse been self-employed since I was 18. You &amp; The Art of the Deal were instrumental in that young motivation. Thank you." Great!
I have gotten to know President @jairbolsonaro well in our dealings with Brazil. He is working very hard on the Amazon fires and in all respects doing a great job for the people of Brazil - Not easy. He and his country have the full and complete support of the USA!
We MUST have strong borders and stop illegal immigration. Without that we do not have a country. Also Mexico is killing U.S. on trade. WIN!
I believe that if people stoped using or subscribing to @ATT they would be forced to make big changes at @CNN which is dying in the ratings anyway. It is so unfair with such bad Fake News! Why wouldn’t they act. When the World watches @CNN it gets a false picture of USA. Sad!
It's about time Italy recognized the innocence of @AmandaKnox---great news!
“Trump could be the most honest president in modern history. When you look at the real barometer of presidential truthfulness which is promise keeping he is probably the most honest president in American history. He’s done exactly what he said he would do.” Marc Thiessen WPost
I'll be on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:00. So much to talk about!
We ALL must be united &amp; condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!
FLASHBACK – “Donald Trump Blasts Obama for Failing to Secure Christian Pastor’s Freedom in Iran"   via @theblaze’
Selfishness ultimately begets only unhappiness. Unselfishness begets happiness.  -- B.C. Forbes
Great job by law enforcement in Aurora Illinois. Heartfelt condolences to all of the victims and their families. America is with you!
Via @DMRegister :“@brentroske on Politics: Trump Talks Iowa” 
From day one Rick Scott never wavered. He was a great Governor and will be even a greater Senator in representing the People of Florida. Congratulations to Rick on having waged such a courageous and successful campaign!
I agree Katrina Pam Bondi is a great woman! 
AMERICA IS WINNING AGAIN! 
Obama has called Libya attack "a bump in the road" and "not optimal." Just come clean already--tell Americans the truth!
....in 2020.” Lou Dobbs stated that this is a fraud on the American public. @peterschweizer stated with certainty that they suppressed negative stories on Hillary Clinton and boosted negative stories on Donald Ttump. All very illegal. We are watching Google very closely!

.@JoselynMartinez is a very brave woman who caught her father's killer   She visited Ivanka &amp; me at Trump Tower today.
....mentally ill or deranged people. I am the biggest Second Amendment person there is but we all must work together for the good and safety of our Country. Common sense things can be done that are good for everyone!
94% approval rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
North Korea has conducted a major Nuclear Test. Their words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the United States.....
Saying goodbye to some of my great workers at @TrumpDoral in Miami. 
#VoteTrump at clerk's offices &amp; 185 ballot drop boxes in #ORPrimary!Closes at 8pm! 
“Go across the world and you’ll see either very low interest rates or negative rates. The President wants to be competitive with these other countries on this but I don’t think he’ll fire Jay Powell (even if I should!).” We should always be paying less interest than others!
Congrats to Pres.Obama and Dems. CBO has TRIPLED its estimate of working hours lost due to ObamaCare  Job Killer
Order my book CRIPPLED AMERICA for your holiday gifts. I will be signing books for the next two weeks! 
....The problem is that the so-called Commission on Presidential Debates is stacked with Trump Haters &amp; Never Trumpers. 3 years ago they were forced to publicly apologize for modulating my microphone in the first debate against Crooked Hillary. As President the debates are up...
The invisible hand of the market always moves faster and better than the heavy hand of government. -- @MittRomney
Being in Detroit today was wonderful. Quick stop in Ohio to meet with some of our great supporters. Just got back home!
There was NO DEAL made with Turkey for the release and return of Pastor Andrew Brunson. I don’t make deals for hostages. There was however great appreciation on behalf of the United States which will lead to good perhaps great relations between the United States &amp; Turkey!
Thank you to @piersmorgan for your nice statement about me in the @HollywoodReporter  
Congratulations to the Republic of Korea on what will be a MAGNIFICENT Winter Olympics! What the South Korean people have built is truly an inspiration! 
It was great seeing @Schwarzenegger at the #WWEHOF. 
For the NY State Repubs to waste time energy and money on a primary—then go against 3-1 Dems—is insane.
Wonder if Obama will ever say RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORIST?
Thank you Omarosa for your service! I wish you continued success.
Chicago don't forget tix for @EricTrumpFdn Wine Tasting Fundraiser @TrumpChicago 11/22. Proceeds benefit @StJude 
.@SecPompeo had a good meeting with Chairman Kim today in Pyongyang. Progress made on Singapore Summit Agreements! I look forward to seeing Chairman Kim again in the near future. 
The Coca Cola company is not happy with me--that's okay I'll still keep drinking that garbage.
Piers I like you too! 
Henry McMaster loves the people of South Carolina and was with me from the beginning. He is strong on Crime and Borders great for our Military and our Vets. He is doing a fantastic job as your Governor and has my full endorsement a special guy. Vote on Tuesday!
I’ll be doing @piersmorgan show tonight on CNN at 9 PM.  Will be very  interesting. (I hope!)

Join me live at the @WhiteHouse.➡️ 
Congratulations @TrumpNewYork for being named in @CNTraveler’s Top 10 US Hotels for Business Travelers! 
Thank you Macomb County Michigan! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Heading over to Normandy to celebrate some of the bravest that ever lived. We are eternally grateful! #DDay75thAnniversary #DDay75 
Wise words from my mother:  “Trust in God and be true to yourself.”  Mary MacLeod Trump
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Republicans should have been much tougher on Obama. Just wait until you see what Obama does to Romney at the DNC!

So nice! 
Serious stuff-IRS Commissioner visited White House 157 times far more than Sec. of State or Defense. What a big story this is!
Republican Approval Rating = 95%. Thank you!
Join me live in Hershey Pennsylvania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain LIVE:  
Thank you @SarahPalinUSA for your amazing help and support. Big win leaving now for Atlanta and Nevada.The people of South Carolina got it!
The Do Nothing Democrats should be focused on building up our Country not wasting everyone’s time and energy on BULLSHIT which is what they have been doing ever since I got overwhelmingly elected in 2016 223-306. Get a better candidate this time you’ll need it!
John Cahill is highly respected in all circles—really nice to see that he’s running for New York State Attorney General. @CahillForAG
Success requires 100% of your focus and 100% of your effort. Don't sell yourself short.
Wind Power Company Fined $1 Million for Killing Birds. Golden eagles among victims... @alexsalmond @Aberdeenshire
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.-- Andrew Carnegie
The Super Committee is finding ways to raise all our taxes without admitting it. The Republicans made a big mistake agreeing to this deal.
Former Prosecutor: The Clintons Are So Corrupt Everything ‘They Touch Turns To Molten Lead’ 
It is going to be a long and tough road to turn around CNN - they are looking at the wrong people!
.@SarahPalinUSA did a great job @CPACnews. Much of what she said was plain old "common sense."
“Expand your life every day.” –Donald J. Trump 
Economists on the TAX CUTS and JOBS ACT:“The enactment of a comprehensive overhaul - complete with a lower corporate tax rate - will IGNITE our ECONOMY with levels of GROWTH not SEEN IN GENERATIONS...” 
The documentary of me that @CNN just aired is a total waste of time. I don't even know many of the people who spoke about me. A joke!
....Large protests all across Venezuela today against Maduro. The fight for freedom has begun!
Jury was unanimous after hearing the made up case against my co. Filed many years ago she.and her pathetic lawyer should pay me big damages
The Democrats just aren’t calling about DACA. Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer have to get moving fast or they’ll disappoint you again. We have a great chance to make a deal or blame the Dems! March 5th is coming up fast.
A woman I don’t know and to the best of my knowledge never met is on the FRONT PAGE of the Fake News Washington Post saying I kissed her (for two minutes yet) in the lobby of Trump Tower 12 years ago. Never happened! Who would do this in a public space with live security......
Bill Cosby is foolish stupid or getting bad advice in remaining silent if he is innocent. Probably guilty! Not a fan.
Our Country is doing so well in so many ways. Great jobs numbers with a record setting December. We are rebuilding our military. Vets finally have Choice &amp; Accountability. Economy &amp; GDP are strong. Tax &amp; Reg cuts historic. Trade deals great. But we MUST fix our Southern Border!
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. - Goethe
The Democrats are Fixers and they are working overtime to FIX the Impeachment “Process” in order to hurt the Republican Party and me. Nancy Pelosi should instead Fix her broken District and Corrupt Adam should clean up &amp; manage the California forests which are always burning!
....And remember a bank that I did use years ago the now badly written about and maligned Deutsche Bank was then one of the largest and most prestigious banks in the world! They wanted my business and so did many others!
“We have a booming economy and working people are making gains that they haven’t seen in decades.”  Stuart Varney @foxandfriends
It's Tuesday how much will the media continue to cover up the embassy attacks for Obama?
Thank you Hilton Head South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
A-Rod’s lawsuit trying to overturn a binding arbitration agreement is going nowhere. He should be banned from spring training.
Just got back from Iowa. Fantastic evening with truly fabulous people. Will be back again soon. Thanks!

With the whacko pervert Weiner about to be embarrassed all women need to be on the lookout. Sexting begins 9.11 @ 12:01 AM
Jeff Flake(y) doesn’t want to protect the Non-Senate confirmed Special Counsel he wants to protect his future after being unelectable in Arizona for the “crime” of doing a terrible job! A weak and ineffective guy!
Sweat equity is the most valuable equity there is. Know your business and industry better than anyone else in the world. @mcuban
On China Barriers and Tariffs to come down for first time.
I was in San Jose CA on Saturday for a sit-down interview for the ACN national meeting which was attended by over 20000 people. Huge!
A commander in chief has to possess the right instincts. That's one of the biggest problems with @BarackObama: (cont) 
What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard and follow it.
.@ericbolling did a fantastic job on O'Reilly tonight. Way to go Eric!
Be tenacious. Being tenacious means you're tough and patient at once so it's a formidable combination.
Via @eonline by @BrettMalec: “2014 @MissUniverse Contestants” 
We should stay the hell out of Syria the "rebels" are just as bad as the current regime. WHAT WILL WE GET FOR OUR LIVES AND $ BILLIONS?ZERO
It is the 25th Anniversary of a GREAT Organization run by people who truly love our Country @JudicialWatch. On behalf of all Americans I thank them! @TomFitton 
“Don't expect to build up the weak by pulling down the strong.” - Calvin Coolidge
The NFL is now thinking about a new idea - keeping teams in the Locker Room during the National Anthem next season. That’s almost as bad as kneeling! When will the highly paid Commissioner finally get tough and smart? This issue is killing your league!.....
Isn't it amazing that the U.S. and NSA can listen to the highly protected phone conversations of world leaders but can't get O's records!
“The harder you work the luckier you  get.” - Gary Player
Fake News CNN is looking at big management changes now that they got caught falsely pushing their phony Russian stories. Ratings way down!
Word is out that book is GREAT! 
Congratulations to @FLGovScott --- the state is really making progress --- and fast!
Just arrived in Syracuse NY. Big crowd great place! We will bring back the desperately needed jobs. #NYPrimary 
The Democrats are now alluding to the the concept that having an Informant placed in an opposing party’s campaign is different than having a Spy as illegal as that may be. But what about an “Informant” who is paid a fortune and who “sets up” way earlier than the Russian Hoax?
Shutdown today if Democrats do not vote for Border Security!
.@serenawilliams had a flawless @usopen quarterfinal win last night. She’s a great player and a wonderful person.
#TrumpVlog Trouble in paradise for Clintons- 
Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn.
First of all you don't necessarily need the best location.  What you need is the best deal. -- The Art of the Deal
“@ApprenticeNBC: Donald Trump Talks Joan Rivers”  via @TVGrapevine by @TVG_Sammi
“Jesse (Watters) this is the best year any President has ever had plus we get an impeachment.” @greggutfeld The Five @FoxNews
The United States is insisting that all countries that have placed artificial Trade Barriers and Tariffs on goods going into their country remove those Barriers &amp; Tariffs or be met with more than Reciprocity by the U.S.A. Trade must be fair and no longer a one way street!
He says he will spend $1 B to get re-elected: @BarackObama. I can match him--preserving my options.
Why is the @GOP congress focusing on amnesty when so many Americans are unemployed?
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
With over 260 5 Star guest rooms &amp; suites @TrumpTO is 65 stories of pure luxury in the center of downtown Toronto 
Best wishes to Prime Minister @Netanyahu and all of the people of Israel on the 70th Anniversary of your Great Independence. We have no better friends anywhere. Looking forward to moving our Embassy to Jerusalem next month!
Trading Shots with Donald Trump--a great article in the Wall Street 
...Secretary Pompeo looks forward to going to North Korea in the near future most likely after our Trading relationship with China is resolved. In the meantime I would like to send my warmest regards and respect to Chairman Kim. I look forward to seeing him soon!
My @jrg710 interview discussing building a cemetery next to Trump National the FL primary @ApprenticeNBC and OPEC 
.@rupertmurdoch is absolutely right it will be a nightmare for @Israel if Obama is re-elected.
.....Mini is illegally buying the Democrat Nomination. They are taking it away from Bernie again. Mini Mike Major Party Nominations are not for sale! Good luck in the debate tomorrow night and remember no standing on boxes!
Dem Memo: FBI did not disclose who the clients were - the Clinton Campaign and the DNC. Wow!
Into our first week of filming @ApprenticeNBC the Celebrities are already turning up the heat. Major fireworks!
If we can help little #CharlieGard as per our friends in the U.K. and the Pope we would be delighted to do so.
If ObamaCare should not be repealed then why has Obama &amp; Congress exempted their staffs?
Announced 3 years ago that Scottish course would close in winter like Kingsbarns and others--too cold.
Coincidence? More than half of @BarackObama's 47 biggest fundraisers have been given administration jobs. 

He admits his presidency has been flawed...but @BarackObama claims economy is stronger. 
My @gretawire interview discussing my $5M charitable offer to Obama his lack of transparency &amp; my tremendous support 
Just out according to @CNN: "Utah officials report voting machine problems across entire country"
“Take calculated risks. That is quite different from being rash.” - George S. Patton
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
Who do you want negotiating for us? 
To be successful your focus has to be broad enough to think big at the same time. --'Midas Touch' with @theRealKiyosaki
“Ralph Waldo Emerson seemed to foresee the lesson of the Senate Impeachment Trial of President Trump. ‘When you strike at the King Emerson famously said “you must kill him.’ Mr. Trump’s foes struck at him but did not take him down. A triumphant Mr.Trump emerges from the.....
Why is it that Eric Schneiderman is considered a lightweight by so many and has failed to go after Jon Corzine and big abusers for billions?
I loved Walter Cronkite one of the all time greats. He couldn't stand Dan Rather--I agree with Walter. @DanRatherReport
Wow--such sacrfices for his re-election. @BarackObama will not vacation in Martha's Vineyard this summer.
“What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it's the size of the fight in the dog.” - Dwight D. Eisenhower
My lawyers should sue the Democrats and Shifty Adam Schiff for fraud!
This should NEVER happen to another President AGAIN! 
US interest payments on the debt have already passed $375B this year   China is laughing at us---as usual.
One of the great things about the China Deal is the fact that for various reasons we do not have to go through the very long and politically complex Congressional Approval Process. When the deal is fully negotiated I sign it myself on behalf of our Country. Fast and Clean!
The biggest loser tonight by far is Mini Mike Bloomberg. His “political” consultants took him for a ride. $700 million washed down the drain and he got nothing for it but the nickname Mini Mike and the complete destruction of his reputation. Way to go Mike!
The way President Obama runs down the stairs of Air Force 1 hopping &amp; bobbing all the way is so inelegant and unpresidential. Do not fall!
Thank you to brilliant and highly respected attorney Alan Dershowitz for destroying the very dumb legal argument of “Judge” Andrew Napolitano....
The Iran deal poses a direct national security threat. It must be stopped in Congress. Stand up Republicans!
The speakers slots at the Republican Convention are totally filled with a long waiting list of those that want to speak - Wednesday release
A quote from the late great golfer Sam Snead: "Practice puts brains in your muscles!" THIS IS TRUE ALSO IN LIFE.
The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of the USA! 
Economic numbers looking REALLY good. Can you imagine if I had long term ZERO interest rates to play with like the past administration rather than the rapidly raised normalized rates we have today. That would have been SO EASY! Still markets up BIG since 2016 Election!
So what did you think of my decision? What would you have done? #CelebApprentice
Why does @oreillyfactor and @FoxNews always have Karl Rove on. He spent $430 million and lost ALL races. A dope who said Romney won election
Waste! With a $16T debt and $1T budget deficit @BarackObama is sending $770M overseas "to fight global warming" 
Over $1T in annual deficit spending and adding over $6T to the debt for what? May jobless numbers are horrendous. The great Obama recovery.
Via @FootwearNews by @kristenmhenning: “@IvankaTrump Works to Beat Breast Cancer” 
The Obama's Spain vacation cost taxpayers over $476K  They love to spend money.
This is a direct &amp; dangerous threat to the U.S. Supreme Court by Schumer. If a Republican did this he or she would be arrested or impeached. Serious action MUST be taken NOW! 
Today we remember those who fell and we honor all who fought here in Normandy. They won back this ground for civilization. To more than 170 Veterans of the Second World War who join us today: You are among the very greatest Americans who will ever live! #DDay75thAnniversary 
Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt (excuse for big election loss) by media &amp; Dems of historic proportion!
.@VattenfallGroup couldn’t sell its money losing Aberdeen windfarm—so @AlexSalmond forced phony extension. @AberdeenCC @Aberdeenshire
I hear that @SenTedCruz’s $$ man Robert Mercer a good man is very angry because Cruz lied to him about liquidating his (Ted’s) holdings.?
#TheArsenioHallShow   Well it had to happen. People that are disloyal in the long run never make it. Arsenio was just cancelled!
Join me in Oklahoma tomorrow night!#MakeYoutubeGreatAgain #
When I looked up to the sky and jokingly said “I am the chosen one” at a press conference two days ago referring to taking on Trade with China little did I realize that the media would claim that I had a “Messiah complex.” They knew I was kidding being sarcastic and just....
Join me tomorrow Nov. 3rd at 12pm in #TrumpTowerNY. I’ll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA.  Don’t miss it!
I will be interviewed by Laura Ingraham  tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @FoxNews
The US should not give a penny of foreign aid to Egypt if the Muslim Brotherhood takes over the country. We (cont) 
I wonder if when Secy. Kerry goes to Iraq and Afghanistan he pushes hard for them to look at GLOBAL WARMING and study the carbon footprint?
6 @TrumpCollection hotels made @CNTraveler reader’s choice! @TrumpNewYork @TrumpSoHo @TrumpChicago @TrumpToronto @TrumpPanama @Trump_Ireland
First segment of my @seanhannity @FoxNews interview discussing @GOP are terrible negotiators &amp; lost all their cards 
Scary--Americans private wealth fell 40% from 2007-2010   But @BarackObama thinks the private economy is "doing fine."
So good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off. They said they would take a hard line on funding...
Crooked Hillary wants to take your 2nd Amendment rights away. Will guns be taken from her heavily armed Secret Service detail? Maybe not!
From rags to riches and back to rags! 
I am extremely happy and proud of the job being done by @USTreasury Secretary @StevenMnuchin1. The FAKE NEWS likes to write stories to the contrary quoting phony sources or jealous people but they aren’t true. They never like to ask me for a quote b/c it would kill their story.
Join me today Nov 3rd in #TrumpTowerNYC at noon. I'll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don't miss it!
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @FoxNews tonight at 10pm from Pennsylvania. Enjoy! #Trump2016 
Word is I am doing very well in Michigan and Mississippi! Wow and with all that money spent against me! Will be going to Trump Jupiter now!
With Barry Diller &amp; Tina Brown in charge did anyone doubt that @Newsweek would be a massive failure?
“Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.” -- Winston Churchill
A 'confidential source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama has added over $6T to the new national debt &amp;  ruined US credit.
Putting Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Puppet Jones into office in Alabama would hurt our great Republican Agenda of low on taxes tough on crime strong on military and borders...&amp; so much more. Look at your 401-k’s since Election. Highest Stock Market EVER! Jobs are roaring back!
Thank you to the beautiful country of Cambodia for accepting the @CarnivalCruise ship Westerdam into your port. The United States will remember your courtesy! @MickyArison
For all of the haters and losers out there sorry I never went Bankrupt -- but I did build a world class company and employ many people!
After settling for a ridicilous 13 billion dollars J.P.Morgan's lawyer is critical of the amount of the fine-why did they settle then-DUMB!
....that the House Democrats have done since she’s become Speaker other than chase Donald Trump.” This Impeachment Hoax is such a bad precedent and sooo bad for our Country!
Great time last night in Louisiana. Big and energetic crowd. Go out and vote now polls open. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I went to @MikeTyson's play. I will be doing a review in the next #trumpvlog.
Via @Newsmax_Media: "Trump: I'd Be Better 'Meet the Press' Host Than 'Moron' Chuck Todd" 
It wasn't Matt Lauer that hurt Hillary last night. It was her very dumb answer about emails &amp; the veteran who said she should be in jail.
Surprised @Eagles signed Michael Vick yesterday to be their 2013 QB. Vick is  talented but brittle &amp; probably won't last long.
China taxing imports from the US --22%-- why aren't we taxing China?
We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama and that’s what you’ll get if you vote for Hillary. #BigLeagueTruth
On my way to Las Vegas Nevada. Look forward to seeing everyone tonight! #MAGA 
FAKE NEWS media which makes up stories and "sources" is far more effective than the discredited Democrats - but they are fading fast!
Funny to watch the Democrats criticize Trade Deals being negotiated by me when they don’t even know what the deals are and when for 8 years the Obama Administration did NOTHING on trade except let other countries rip off the United States. Lost almost $800 Billion/year under “O”
Obama’s nuclear deal with the Iranians will lead to a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. It has to be stopped.
Always nice to see the terrific @mariamenounos at the #WWEHOF. 
Thank you @GovBillLee and @MariaLeeTN. My Administration will always be there for the Great People of Tennessee. Together we will prevail!  
In '08 @BarackObama hit Bush for secrecy   When will Obama release all his sealed college records?!
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman meets with President Obama (who he told me "sucks" as a president) and quickly files a suit against me!
All Trump Haters and Lovers must watch. Thank you Steve Hilton! 
Just returned from Colorado. Amazing crowd!
(2/2) David brilliantly tells it like it is -- the real deal! Read it! 
I want to give the Democrats every last chance to quickly negotiate simple changes to Asylum and Loopholes. This will fix the Southern Border together with the help that Mexico is now giving us. Probably won’t happen but worth a try. Two weeks and big Deportation begins!
Radical Islamic Terrorism must be stopped by whatever means necessary! The courts must give us back our protective rights. Have to be tough!
#TBT Do you believe- once upon a time Jon Stewart really liked me? From 2004. 
Why would the USChamber be upset by the fact that I want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that I want penalties for cheaters?
How come the @TODAYshow &amp; @chucktodd show the new @NBCNews Poll for Hillary vs Bernie but do not show the SAME poll where I am killing Cruz?
Many of Hillary’s donors are the same donors as Jeb Bush’s—all rich will have total control—know them well.
.@Denver4VA of the 5th District in Virginia is a popular guy who really knows how to get the job done! Really big help with Tax Cuts the Military and our great Vets. He has my Total Endorsement!
....But they really want a do-over! You can’t investigate and legislate simultaneously - it just doesn’t work that way. You can’t go down two tracks at the same time. Let Chuck Nancy Jerry Adam and all of the rest finish playing their games....
The death tax should be abolished -- the Government is  simply taxing you twice. It is also a job killer.
Looking like very good Democrat support for USMCA. That would be great for our Country!
Making America Safe is my number one priority. We will not admit those into our country we cannot safely vet.
Remember Trump ties &amp; shirts @Macys for Fathers Day--your father will love you even more!
Dangerous--The USC ObamaCare ruling means the government can now tax you for inactivity.
The journey to #MAGA began @CPAC 2011 and the opportunity to reconnect with friends and supporters is something I look forward to every year. See you at #CPAC2018!
.@JohnChrin of Pennsylvania is fantastic. He is strong on the Border Crime the Military our Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He is a powerful vote for #MAGA and loves the Great State of Pennsylvania. Please get out and vote for John he has my Total and very Strong Endorsement!
'Clinton Campaign And Harry Reid Worked With New York Times To Smear State Dept Watchdog'Time to #DrainTheSwamp! 
Within the heart of beautiful Somerset County Trump Nat’l Bedminster is the proud host of the 2022 @PGAChampionship 
.@NATO has now recognized SPACE as an operational domain and the alliance is STRONGER for it. U.S. leadership ensures peace through strength and we must continue to show strength and WIN on all fronts – land air sea and SPACE!
#TrumpVlog Be careful with Iran. 
The ObamaCare enrollment numbers are a lie.They will be ‘readjusted’ by the White House at an opportune time probably after ’14 election
Senator Cryin’ Chuck Schumer fought hard against the Bad Iran Deal even going at it with President Obama &amp; then Voted AGAINST it! Now he says I should not have terminated the deal - but he doesn’t really believe that! Same with Comey. Thought he was terrible until I fired him!
Now an additional 600-700 jobs in America (2000) being eliminated for move to Mexico- via Hartford Courant. 
“Don’t toss off your problems and don’t dwell on them either. Deal with them!” – Think Like a Champion
President Obama could totally solve the problem with Putin by demanding that Russia sign on to ObamaCare thereby destroying their economy!
In addition to those without health coverage- those that have disastrous #Obamacare are seeing MASSIVE PREMIUM INCR… 
All of the phony T.V. commercials against me are bought and payed for by SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS the bandits that tell your pols what to do
Weakness cow towing and not standing firm is provocative. We are getting pushed around and robbed under this President.
...and the Amazon Washington Post do nothing but write bad stories even on very positive achievements - and they will never change!
...children in question were very sick before they were given over to Border Patrol. The father of the young girl said it was not their fault he hadn’t given her water in days. Border Patrol needs the Wall and it will all end. They are working so hard &amp; getting so little credit!
The final Wisconsin vote is in and guess what - we just picked up an additional 131 votes. The Dems and Green Party can now rest. Scam!
Many people in our Country are asking what the “Justice” Department is going to do about the fact that totally Crooked Hillary AFTER receiving a subpoena from the United States Congress deleted and “acid washed” 33000 Emails? No justice!
Obama betrays Israel yet again our strongest ally in the Middle East. He will recognize Hamas breaking long standing US policy.
Congratulations to Prime Minister @NarendraModi and his BJP party on their BIG election victory! Great things are in store for the US-India partnership with the return of PM Modi at the helm. I look forward to continuing our important work together!
I had a great time in Texas yesterday. A tremendous crowd of wonderful and enthusiastic people. Will be back soon!
Rasmussen at 50%. @MediaBuzzFNC &amp; @FoxNews are only getting worse! Now @donnabrazile &amp; others on Fox. Not what it used to be! 
Leaving El Paso for the White House. What GREAT people I met there and in Dayton Ohio. The Fake News worked overtime trying to disparage me and the two trips but it just didn’t work. The love respect &amp; enthusiasm were there for all to see. They have been through so much. Sad!
The @Yankees acquisition of Ichiro was a smart move. I look forward to watching him play.
Why is no-one talking about the horrible murder of Ana Charle by ex-con thug West Spruill. Gunned down on street naked. Why no riots here?
.@IvankaTrump is right—Plan B has descended into a state of total chaos. #CelebApprentice
I strongly pressed President Putin twice about Russian meddling in our election. He vehemently denied it. I've already given my opinion.....
A huge honor for @TrumpToronto for being named #1 Luxury Hotel in Canada by @TripAdvisor's #TravelersChoice Awards 
Amazing rally in Florida - this is a MOVEMENT! Join us today at  
Main Street is BACK! Strongest Holiday Sales bump since the Great Recession -- beating forecasts by BILLIONS OF DOLLARS. 
“Donald Trump to visit metro Detroit in May”  via @wxyzdetroit
A great deal of good things happening for our country. Jobs and Stock Market at all time highs and I believe will be getting even better!
Thank you @scottienhughes for your powerful words on @FoxNews. I am with the Evangelicals and Tea Party big time. We will all WIN  together!
....chief law enforcement officer and they told me later ‘oh by the way I’m not going to be able to participate in the most important case in the office I would be frustrated too...and that’s how I read that - Senator Sessions why didn’t you tell me before I picked you.....
We are right where we want to be with China. Remember they broke the deal with us &amp; tried to renegotiate. We will be taking in Tens of Billions of Dollars in Tariffs from China. Buyers of product can make it themselves in the USA (ideal) or buy it from non-Tariffed countries...
Leaving soon after a great time in New Hampshire a truly special place!
Which National Costume do you think should win? 
It’s very sad that Nancy Pelosi and her sidekick Cryin’ Chuck Schumer want to protect illegal immigrants far more than the citizens of our country. The United States cannot stand for this. We wants safety and security at our borders!
.@TrumpChicago’s award winning dining options also offer the best views of the city 
#CrookedHillary 
Big announcement in Ames Iowa on Tuesday! You will not want to miss this rally! #Trump2016  
Russia and the world has already started to respect us again!
WITCH HUNT!
Every poll Time Drudge Slate and others said I won both debates - but heard Megyn Kelly had her two puppets say bad stuff. I don't watch
The #IranDeal is a catastrophe that must be stopped. Will lead to at least partial world destruction &amp; make Iran a force like never before.

A giant Scam! 
The U.S. Coast Guard FEMA and all Federal and State brave people are ready. Here comes Irma. God bless everyone!
This is all about American weakness and an incompetent President.
I thought that @CNN would get better after they failed so badly in their support of Hillary Clinton however since election they are worse!
ObamaCare continues to increase insurance premiums &amp; raise record deductibles. New Congress must use every tool to defund.
Will be in Terre Haute Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
Yes Arnold Schwarzenegger did a really bad job as Governor of California and even worse on the Apprentice...but at least he tried hard!
My new book Midas Touch in stores now....  #trumpvlog
Due to popular demand CNN will re-broadcast  the Larry King Live show I hosted in June in which I interview Larry. Monday July 5 9 pm CNN
If there is one more Ebola case in the U.S. a full travel ban will be instituted. This common sense move should have been done long ago!
China talks are going very well!
Entrepreneurs: Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering you are setting the example.
This deal could NEVER have been made 3 days ago. There needed to be some “tough” love in order to get it done. Great for everybody. Proud of all!
Statement by me last night in Florida: “Honestly I don’t think the Democrats want to make a deal. They talk about DACA but they don’t want to help..We are ready willing and able to make a deal but they don’t want to. They don’t want security at the border they don’t want.....
There are many Jonathan Gruber types selling the global warming "stuff" - and they really do believe the American public is stupid.
SOCIAL DISTANCING!
Wow Eliot Spitzer has lost - great news for New York City!
Re: Negotiation: View any conflict as an opportunity. Be a diplomat as much as possible.
Thank you Colorado! An honor to win @NBC @9News #GOPDebate Poll. 
5 for 5!
....There is a lot of explaining to do to the millions of people who had just elected a president who they really like and who has done a great job for them with the Military Vets Economy and so much more. This was the illegal and treasonous “insurance policy” in full action!
The Mar-a-Lago Club was amazing tonight. Everybody was there the biggest and the hottest. Palm Beach is so lucky to have best club in world
Leaving Arizona after a fantastic Rally last night in Mesa honoring and for Martha @RepMcSally McSally. She is an inspiration &amp; will be a GREAT SENATOR for the people of Arizona. Her opponent is a Nancy Pelosi puppet really bad for State. Early Voting NOW! Will be back soon.
A great honor to sign the Veterans Appeals Improvement &amp; Modernization Act into law w/ @AmericanLegion @SecShulkin.🎥 
I am allowing Japan &amp; South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States.
Bob Corker who helped President O give us the bad Iran Deal &amp; couldn't get elected dog catcher in Tennessee is now fighting Tax Cuts....
So many positive things going on for the U.S.A. and the Fake News Media just doesn’t want to go there. Same negative stories over and over again! No wonder the People no longer trust the media whose approval ratings are correctly at their lowest levels in history!    #MAGA
Congratulations to President @JairBolsonaro who just made a great inauguration speech - the U.S.A. is with you!
“President Donald J. Trump Proclaims January 16 2018 as Religious Freedom Day” 
My deepest sympathies go out to the family and friends of great businessman and energy expert Chris Cline his wonderful daughter Kameron and their friends on the tragic accident which took place in the Bahamas. The great people of West Virginia will never forget them!
Democrats want Open Borders which equals violent crime drugs and human trafficking. They also want very high taxes like 90%. Republicans want what’s good for America - the exact opposite!
...there was no probable cause for believing that there was any crime collusion or otherwise or obstruction of justice!”  So stated by Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz.

The President’s speech was very combative toward Republicans—they have obviously not earned his respect!
I will be on @cbs @60minutes this Sunday. A great honor-- hope you enjoy it.
Thank you Colorado Springs. If I’m elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our count… 
As hard as I work &amp; as successful as our Country has become with our Economy our Military &amp; everything else it is ashame that the Democrats make us spend so much time &amp; money on this ridiculous Impeachment Lite Hoax. I should be able to devote all of my time to the REAL USA!
“A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both.” - Dwight D. Eisenhower
NEBRASKA #VoteTrump TODAY!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #
Congratulations to Lou Barletta of Pennsylvania. He will be a great Senator and will represent his people well - like they haven’t been represented in many years. Lou is a friend of mine and a special guy he will very much help MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Just got back from Iowa great people!
beepee2004 Thank you very much Donald. Here is another.  Thanks--both do justice to a fantastic place.
Highly recommended by Governor @MikeDeWine of Ohio. @FDA must move quickly! 
Prayers for all of those affected by the devastating tornadoes in Tennessee. We will continue to monitor the developments. The Federal Government is with you all of the way during this difficult time. 
“Project Veritas-Obtained Undercover Videos Highlight Jeff Zucker’s (@CNN) Campaign To Destroy Trump. Videos Reveal @CNN’s BIAS!” @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews Does this sound like a good or even great lawsuit?
Thank you @GOPLeader McCarthy! 
Spent the full day at meetings and a major rally yesterday in South Carolina. Great people and spirit. Today will be more of the same.
Kasich just announced that he wants the people of Indiana to vote for him. Typical politician - can't make a deal work.
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 10:00 A.M. on @FoxNews
“Millions of Americans will see what a partisan sham this whole thing is.” Rush Limbaugh @foxandfriends  Also why is corrupt politician Schiff allowed to hand over cross examination to a high priced outside lawyer. Did that lawyer ever work for me which would be a conflict?
Via @FoxSportsGolf: "Trump's protégé earns US Open spot" 
My interview in @politico with @pwgavin discussing being awarded the 2012 "Statesman of the Year" by Sarasota GOP 
“Three separate caravans marching to our Border. The numbers are tremendous.” @foxandfriends
More people attend a @JonHuntsman rally than watch @Lawrence on @MSNBCtv all week. @Lawrence is very lonely. (cont) 
Thank you  @foxandfriends - great show!
GREAT JOBS NUMBERS JUST ANNOUNCED!
The Republican establishment out of self preservation is concerned w/ my high poll #'s. More concerned are Dems—I beat Hillary heads up!
....Iran’s very ignorant and insulting statement put out today only shows that they do not understand reality. Any attack by Iran on anything American will be met with great and overwhelming force. In some areas overwhelming will mean obliteration. No more John Kerry &amp; Obama!
Via @theblaze: "Falwell on Trump: He 'was willing to say publicly' what conservatives said 'privately'"  
Over the years I've discovered that for a brand to build the people surrounding it have to work exceptionally well together.
#badratings @Lawrence's show failed at 8pm and is failing(even worse) at 10pm- not long for tv.....
When in doubt Obama fundraises. He has held 393 fundraisers in six years. Another record.
Stock Markets Up Record Numbers. For this year alone Dow up 18.65% S&amp;P up 24.36% Nasdaq Composite up 29.17%. “It’s the economy stupid.”
The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain begged for my support during his  primary (I gave he won) then dropped me over locker room remarks!
Congress now has 6 months to legalize DACA (something the Obama Administration was unable to do). If they can't I will revisit this issue!
Thank you David! 
Appreciate it @LindseyGrahamSC thank you! 
Best unemployment numbers in the history of our Country. Best employment number EVER almost 160 million people working right now. Vote Republican unless you want to see these numbers obliterated!
WSJ's Strassel: Barr 'Right' to Say 'Spying' Occurred on Trump Campaign | Breitbart  via @BreitbartNews

#NationalDayOfPrayer 
'President Donald J. Trump Proclaims September 3 2017 as a National Day of Prayer' #HurricaneHarvey #PrayForTexas  
Discipline is a key ingredient for success. It will build character motivation and bring opportunity.
I have just ordered Homeland Security to step up our already Extreme Vetting Program. Being politically correct is fine but not for this!
So-called comedian Michelle Wolf bombed so badly last year at the White House Correspondents’ Dinner that this year for the first time in decades they will have an author instead of a comedian. Good first step in comeback of a dying evening and tradition! Maybe I will go?
Great to be in New York for the day. Heading back to the @WhiteHouse now lots of work to be done! 
Another great cause Obama could send my $5M donation to is a charity for 9/11 First Responders. They are American heroes.
What is taking so long with the Inspector General’s Report on Crooked Hillary and Slippery James Comey. Numerous delays. Hope Report is not being changed and made weaker! There are so many horrible things to tell the public has the right to know. Transparency!
For America to be great again we must have a President who has been successful and Americans can learn from on how to succeed.
Sean Spicer is a wonderful person who took tremendous abuse from the Fake News Media - but his future is bright!
The great Mike Wallace covered me in a much more professional manner than his son Chris Wallace of @FoxNews. Mike was a total pro!
Thank you New Hampshire. KEEP AMERICA GREAT! #KAG2020 
Today it was my honor to sign into law H.R. 7213 the “Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 2018.” The Act redesignates the @DHSgov Domestic Nuclear Detection Office as the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. Read more:  
#TrumpVine A message for @AnthonyWeiner- 
I had a great meeting with President Xi of China yesterday far better than expected. I agreed not to increase the already existing Tariffs that we charge China while we continue to negotiate. China has agreed that during the negotiation they will begin purchasing large......
Will be meeting at 9:00 with top automobile executives concerning jobs in America. I want new plants to be built here for cars sold here!
Wow the @nytimes is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the "Trump phenomena"
Stock Market is heading for one of the best months (June) in the history of our Country. Thank you Mr. President!
Winners never quit and quitters never win.-- Vince Lombardi
I will be on @foxandfriends Monday morning at 7.00. A lot to talk about!
Some really big Court wins on the Border lately!
Via @financialpost: “Climate changing for global warming journalists” by Lawrence Solomon (cont) 
Conservative? Jeb Bush doubled Florida State debt!
The Republican Party is more united now than at any time in its history - by far!
Hope you liked it. Tune in tomorrow night at 8:00 and 9:00 for two episodes and two boardrooms! Will be a great evening of television!
With our brand new Tennis Performance Center @TrumpGolfDC offers countless activities along with top courses 
I am on Air Force One flying to NATO and hear reports that the FBI lovers Peter Strzok and Lisa Page are getting cold feet on testifying about  the Rigged Witch Hunt headed by 13 Angry Democrats and people that worked for Obama for 8 years. Total disgrace!
During @BarackObama's presidency median family income has fallen 4.8%   Terrible for the middle class.
Wacky @glennbeck who always seems to be crying (worse than Boehner) speaks badly of me only because I refuse to do his show--a real nut job!
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of “Meet the Press” had a total meltdown in his interview with highly reaspected Senator @RonJohnsonWI. Seems that a not very bright Chuck just wasn’t getting the answers he was looking for in order to make me look as bad as possible. I did NOTHING wrong!
Congratulations America we are now into the second year of the greatest Witch Hunt in American History...and there is still No Collusion and No Obstruction. The only Collusion was that done by Democrats who were unable to win an Election despite the spending of far more money!
In last night's #CNNDebate @MittRomney proved once again why he is the steady conservative who can restore America's future.
Great news! Tonight we broke the all-time attendance record previously held by Elton John at #SNHUArena in Manchester New Hampshire! 
The United States is learning much from the failed missile explosion in Russia. We have similar though more advanced technology. The Russian “Skyfall” explosion has people worried about the air around the facility and far beyond. Not good!
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is driving business out of NY so that he can get publicity for his failing political career.
#CelebApprentice I will be live tweeting(no spoilers) during tonight's all new @ApprenticeNBC at 8PM ET.
Lyin' Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up (collusion) in a two on one. Shows weakness!
#MayThe4thBeWithYou--- here is when Darth Vader and I did some firing- 
Re: Ashley Judd: Keep @KarlRove away. He already made her a viable candidate.
“Manufacturing Optimism Rose to Another All-Time High in the Latest @ShopFloorNAM Outlook Survey” 
I have agreed with the historically cooperative disciplined approach that we have engaged in with Robert Mueller (Unlike the Clintons!). I have full confidence in Ty Cobb my Special Counsel and have been fully advised throughout each phase of this process.
Obama told his donors this past week “public opinion” is on his side. Don't believe that one either.
Welcome to the @WhiteHouse Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau! 
Today it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the #USSArizona to the @WhiteHouse. #HonorThem🇺🇸Remarks:  
I’m surprised that Gabriel Aubry has settled so quickly and easily with Halle—in the long run it was a wise decision.
Well Iran has done it again. Taken two of our people and asking for a fortune for their release. This doesn't happen if I'm president!
I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war not me!
My @gretawire interview re: how the debt ceiling is key point the fiscal curb &amp; why we must &amp; can make a great deal. 
Going to be a BAD day for Crazy Bernie!
The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE!
Even President Ronald Reagan tried for 8 years to build a Border Wall or Fence and was unable to do so. Others also have tried. We will get it done one way or the other!
....your release possible and HAVE A GREAT LIFE! Be careful there are many pitfalls on the long and winding road of life!
Very interesting election currently taking place in France.
The real estate market is slowly improving.  Still a great time to buy.  You will thank me in 5 years.
I was so happy when I heard that @Politico one of the most dishonest political outlets is losing a fortune. Pure scum!
THANK YOU ARKANSAS! #KAG2020 
Congratulations Secretary Mattis! 
Bad sign for Obama's campaign now publicly admitting they are focused on 4 states. Their internals must be horrendous.
For many years our country has been divided angry and untrusting. Many say it will never change the hatred is too deep. IT WILL CHANGE!!!!
I said that Eliot Spitzer was going to lose when he was way up in the polls. I fought him when others retreated out of fear. NEVER GIVE UP!
My economic policy speech will be carried live at 12:15 P.M. Enjoy!
Fiat Chrysler will be adding more than 6500 JOBS in Michigan (Detroit area) doubling its hourly workforce as part of a 4.5 Billion Dollar investment. Thank you Fiat Chrysler. They are all coming back to the USA it’s where the action is!
My father Fred Trump left me a relatively small amount of money (compared to where I am today-over $10 billion) but vast amount of knowledge
Was President Obama in charge of this years Academy Awards - they remind me of the ObamaCare website!  #Oscars.
Thank you Jason Chaffetz! #MAGA 
.@TrumpCollection’s @DoralResort renovations are  revitalizing Miami. The new course will be a great challenge 
The United States was supposed to be in Syria for 30 days that was many years ago. We stayed and got deeper and deeper into battle with no aim in sight. When I arrived in Washington ISIS was running rampant in the area. We quickly defeated 100% of the ISIS Caliphate.....
'President-Elect Donald J. Trump Nominates Elaine Chao as Secretary of the Department of Transportation'
.....on the President of the United States.” @charliekirk11 @trish_regan
“The problem is that no government can create real jobs. Only entrepreneurs can do that.” – Midas Touch
Ask Sally Yates under oath if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Counsel.
Watch @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews tonight at 9:00 P.M.
“President Trump would need a magic wand to get to 4% GDP” stated President Obama. I guess I have a magic wand 4.2% and we will do MUCH better than this! We have just begun.
...unfair Trading Relationship. China should not have put new Tariffs on 75 BILLION DOLLARS of United States product (politically motivated!). Starting on October 1st the 250 BILLION DOLLARS of goods and products from China currently being taxed at 25% will be taxed at 30%...
Watch #CelebApprentice this Sunday at 9PM ESTon @NBC--it has received many 4 star reviews.
...is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. It is a total "witch hunt!"
What will be @RickSantorum's excuse tomorrow after @MittRomney wins Wisconsin and Maryland? Time for Rick to face reality and drop out.

Thoughts and prayers with the victims and their families- along with everyone at the Berrien County Courthouse in St. Joseph Michigan.
It is time to get out of Afghanistan. We are building roads and schools for people that hate us. It is not in our national interests.
We will always take care of our GREAT VETERANS. You have shed your blood poured your love and bared your soul in… 
We will be guided by the wishes of Prime Minister Abe of Japan a great friend of the United States and a man who has done a magnificent job on the Olympic Venue as to attending the Olympic Games in Japan. He will make the proper decision!
We love you @MinneapolisPD THANK YOU! #LESM 
Great book! 
My @FoxNews interview with @TeamCavuto discussing the national housing market unemployment numbers and the FL (cont) 
Watch me on the @hannityshow tonight at 9pm. More thoughts on Anthony Weiner in today's #trumpvlog… 
Who would have thought that an @ApprenticeNBC champion would return to compete? @bretmichaels returns to All-Star @CelebApprentice...
.@SecAzar and I will soon release a plan to let Florida and other States import prescription drugs that are MUCH CHEAPER than what we have now! Hard-working Americans don’t deserve to pay such high prices for the drugs they need. We are fighting DAILY to make sure this HAPPENS...
So many great polls like Reuters - big leads everywhere. New Hampshire really special! We will win big and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! 
“The Chinese are very adept at not accepting anything. You’ve got to be very tough and that’s what Trump is doing. It’s in China’s interest to correct and I think we’ll end up with a solution that’s dramatically better than we have today. Frankly I think the impact of what....
God Bless the USA!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
...didn't do it so now we have a big deal with Dems holding them up (as usual) on Debt Ceiling approval. Could have been so easy-now a mess!
Obama's disastrous judgment gave us ISIS rise of Iran and the worst economic numbers since the Great Depression!
Thank you Nick! 
The Fake News Networks those that knowingly have a sick and biased AGENDA are worried about the competition and quality of Sinclair Broadcast. The “Fakers” at CNN NBC ABC &amp; CBS have done so much dishonest reporting that they should only be allowed to get awards for fiction!
The habitual vacationer @BarackObama is now in Hawaii. This vacation is costing taxpayers $4 milion +++  while there is 20% unemployment.
Life is very fragile and success doesn't change that. If anything success makes it more fragile. --The Art of the Deal
46 stories above downtown New York @TrumpSoHo features loft-inspired interiors designed by Fendi Casa 
Every on-line poll Time Magazine Drudge etc. has me winning the debate. Thank you to Fox &amp; Friends for so reporting!
...Pelosi and her Do Nothing Democrats drug pricing bill doesn’t do the trick. FEWER cures! FEWER treatments! Time for the Democrats to get serious about bipartisan solutions to lowering prescription drug prices for families...
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!
The Crooked DNC is working overtime to take the Democrat Nomination away from Bernie AGAIN! Watch what happens to the Super Delegates in Round Two. A Rigged Convention!
.@stuartpstevens horrible advise to Mitt Romney made victory an impossibility. Don't blame Mitt! Now Stevens can't get a job!
Respected Morning Consult poll just out. I lead all Republicans and beat Hillary head to head by a wide margin- 45 to 40!
...never allow the Republicans to pass even great legislation. 8 Dems control - will rarely get 60 (vs. 51) votes. It is a Repub Death Wish!
The Fake News Media wants to stay as far away as possible from the Ukraine and China deals made by the Bidens. A Corrupt Media is so bad for our Country! In actuality the Media may be even more Corrupt than the Bidens which is hard to do!
North Korea is reliant on China. China could solve this problem easily if they wanted to but they have no respect for our leaders.
Each time I see one of Anthony Weiner's television ads for mayor I ask what the hell is he doing just wasting money &amp; time-go get a job!
While the NATO meeting in Brussels was an acknowledged triumph with billions of dollars more being put up by member countries at a faster pace the meeting with Russia may prove to be in the long run an even greater success. Many positive things will come out of that meeting..
Knockout assaults are the new rage by sick and depraved youth. We better start getting tough in this country-and they want to take our guns!
The lightweight hack Schneiderman told Ivanka that the “case is weak" and more.  Meets with Obama &amp; then files one day later.
George Will was critical of @MittRomney throughout the primary. Maybe it is because his wife was turned down for (cont) 
The ObamaCare disaster is in full swing. Websites are down people can’t sign up and elderly can’t understand the lingo.
Congratulations to @GovMikeHuckabee on last night's tremendous speech. Mike united the party faithful and explained that we can do better.
Don't forget to tune in tonight at 10 p.m. on NBC for another action packed episode of The Apprentice.   
“Be flexibly focused. Focus does not mean being narrow-minded or rigid.” – Think Big
Finally Liddle’ Adam Schiff the leakin’ monster of no control is now blaming the Obama Administration for Russian meddling in the 2016 Election. He is finally right about something. Obama was President knew of the threat and did nothing. Thank you Adam!
Here's to a safe and happy Independence Day for one and all - Enjoy it! --Donald J. Trump
I wish tonight's debate would cover more than foreign policy.
Just a reminder that Ted Cruz supported liberal Justice John Roberts who gave us #Obamacare. 
Hurricane on its way to the Florida Pan Handle with major elements arriving tomorrow. Could also hit in later stage parts of Georgia and unfortunately North Carolina and South Carolina again...
Thank you North Carolina! #MAGA 
Thank you for your service!  
Will be leaving for Dover to be with the families of 4 very special people who lost their lives in service to our Country!
Mark Levin has written a big number one bestselling book called conspicuously and accurately “Unfreedom of the Press.” It is a great book that tells it like it is fake news and all. Keep this book number one!
My family and I just arrived in Scotland for the grand opening of Trump International Golf Links Scotland- 
Our online store is officially open! Visit  to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise.
On my way to New Mexico — see you all shortly at the @StarCenter! #KAG2020  
TOUGH GUYS FOR TRUMP! 
THe Art of the Deal--"The best thing you can do is deal from strength and leverage is the biggest strength you have." CUT CAP and BALANCE.
....in my conversation yesterday with President @EmmanuelMacron of France. I also wished both Pope Francis and President Macron a very Happy Easter!
.@Franklin_Graham so many people have tweeted about your amazing words to me thank you! Heading to big crowd in South Carolina!
A despicable human being! 
“The Senate acquitted President Trump of both charges fabricated by Congressional Democrats led by Speaker Pelosi and Adam Schiff to carry out the most egregious and partisan attack against any president in our history - a man they knew to be innocent.” @LouDobbs @FoxBusiness
The record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice features the return of the beautiful @BrandenRoderick. The fans love her!
Best speech in #GoldenGlobes history- 
From Donald Trump: “I’m so proud of my wife Melania and the launch of her new jewelry line to debut on QVC on April 30th at 9 p.m.”
“Is there a case for impeachment? Absolutely not! There is no high crime or misdemeanor no crime no extortion no treason.” Robert Ray  @FoxNews
There's a lot going on at the Eric Trump Foundation ...  
Iran killed an American contractor wounding many. We strongly responded and always will. Now Iran is orchestrating an attack on the U.S. Embassy in Iraq. They will be held fully responsible. In addition we expect Iraq to use its forces to protect the Embassy and so notified!
Michael Morell the lightweight former Acting Director of C.I.A. and a man who has made serious bad calls is a total Clinton flunky!
.@GovernorPerry is a terrific guy and I wish him well- I know he will have a great future!
Highly respected author Christopher Bedford just came out with book "The Art of the Donald Lessons from America's...." Really good book!
Great new book "Resistance (At All Costs): How Trump Haters Are Breaking America" out by Kimberley Strassel of the Wall Street Journal. Kim has treated us fairly and for that I am very appreciative. Check it out today it is great!
The Trump Signature Collection exclusively available at @Macys is the pinnacle of style and prestige 
The WALL which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls will continue to be built.
The border is wide open for cartels &amp; terrorists. Secure our border now. Build a massive wall &amp; deduct the costs from Mexican foreign aid!
The Democrats would save many lives if they would change our broken and very DANGEROUS Immigration Laws. It can be done instantly!
For all of my fantastic  supporters and for the U.S.A. we are going to win and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN maybe greater than ever before!
“He is not a Whistleblower. He is a deepstater. Let the President do the job he was elected to do.” @JudgeJeanine
Johnny Miller correctly very critical of greens at Pinehurst. Said they should be "redone"
So sorry to hear about the terrible accident involving our GREAT West Point Cadets. We mourn the loss of life and pray for the injured. God Bless them ALL!
...realize the economy is the best it’s ever been with employment being at an all time high and many companies pouring back into our country. Wake up Punchy!
Happy 243rd Birthday to the @USArmy! Thank you for your bravery sacrifices and dedication to the U.S.A. We love you! 
President Macron of France has just suggested that Europe build its own military in order to protect itself from the U.S. China and Russia. Very insulting but perhaps Europe should first pay its fair share of NATO which the U.S. subsidizes greatly!
Thank you for your support! Together we can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016 
Hillary Clinton’s Presidency would be catastrophic forthe future of our country. She is ill-fit with bad judgment.
One of the worst and most boring political pundits on television is @krauthammer. A totally overrated clown who speaks without knowing facts
.@MikeDunleavyGov will make a fantastic Governor of Alaska. Mike is for Energy and Jobs is tough on Crime loves our Vets and our Great Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
If America unlocked its energy potential we would once again be the most powerful country in the world. Washington is holding us back.
Eric's Sept. 14th event will be held at Trump National Golf Club Westchester. 
“Jobs up big plus 312000. Record number working. Manufacturing best in 20 years (Previous administration said this could not happen). Hispanic unemployment lowest ever. Dow plus 747 (for day).” @DRUDGE_REPORT
Crooked Hillary has never created a job in her life. We will create 25 million jobs. Think she can do that? Not a c… 
David Wright of the NY Mets should have been on the 1st Team All Stars. He's having a great year.
Oh no Beto just dropped out of race for President despite him saying he was “born for this.” I don’t think so!
Despite the Aluminum Tariffs Aluminum prices are DOWN 4%. People are surprised I’m not! Lots of money coming into U.S. coffers and Jobs Jobs Jobs!
Great article by @WayneRoot @theblaze -- "Obama's College Classmate: 'The Obama Scandal Is at Columbia'" 
Totally clears the President. Thank you!
With 3.5 million Americans receiving bonuses or other benefits from their employers as a result of TAX CUTS 2018 is off to great start!✅Unemployment rate at 4.1%.✅Average earnings up 2.9% in the last year.✅200000 new American jobs.✅#MAGA🇺🇸 
“In my opinion the President has done more good on the Korean issue in the last year and a half than President Obama did in eight years. If you look at the strides they made during the Obama years which advocated strategic patience-they stuck their head in the sand. This is.....
Great meeting with @THEHermanCain yesterday in Trump Tower. Great guy!
....having fun. I was smiling as I looked up and around. The MANY reporters with me were smiling also. They knew the TRUTH...And yet when I saw the reporting CNN MSNBC and other Fake News outlets covered it as serious news &amp; me thinking of myself as the Messiah. No more trust!
Congrats to @BreitbartNews’ @mboyle1 on being awarded  the prestigious 'Eagle Award for Amnesty Reporting'  
I have no doubt that if the attack on Dr. Ford was as bad as she says charges would have been immediately filed with local Law Enforcement Authorities by either her or her loving parents. I ask that she bring those filings forward so that we can learn  date time and place!
I truly LOVE all of the millions of people who are sticking with me despite so many media lies. There is a great SILENT MAJORITY looming!
Leaving Nevada now for Iowa. Things are looking good - great new polls!
Visit the highly acclaimed Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Chicago and its exceptional 'Sixteen' restaurant 
To all @MittRomney supporters make sure you have taken advantage of early voting now so you can GOTV on election day.
Iran is talking very boldly about targeting certain USA assets as revenge for our ridding the world of their terrorist leader who had just killed an American &amp; badly wounded many others not to mention all of the people he had killed over his lifetime including recently....
Will Bruce Ohr whose family received big money for helping to create the phony dirty and discredited Dossier ever be fired from the Jeff Sessions  “Justice” Department? A total joke!
Doing Fox and Friends at 7.00 A.M.  Hope you loved Apprentice last night.
Wow! All of our priorities have made it into the final NDAA: Pay Raise for our Troops Rebuilding our Military Paid Parental Leave Border Security and Space Force! Congress – don’t delay this anymore! I will sign this historic defense legislation immediately!
“I like President Trump’s Tweets (Social Media) I like everything about him...and this Ukraine stuff the trial the impeachment this isn’t t about Ukraine. Donald Trump has committed the two unpardonable sins in the eyes of the Democrats. He beat Hillary Clinton in 2016 and..
The weak jokers who so badly hurt great Penn State University should have fought the NCAA instead of making a deal- 
I answered my @Facebook fans questions via video- watch- 
Thank you Arizona! See you soon!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
.@dixierhilton #asktrump 
Congrats to Christine! 
Budget Deal gives great victories to our Military and Vets keeps out Democrat poison pill riders. Republicans and Democrats in Congress need to act ASAP and support this deal.
Why are the Republicans giving Obama fast track authority for TPP and the Iran agreement?! Obama gets more from the GOP than his own party.
If you are interested in balancing work and pleasure you will never succeed!
Courts &amp; Dems in Congress neither of which have a clue are trying to FORCE migrants into our Country! OUR COUNTRY IS FULL OUR DETENTION CENTERS HOSPITALS &amp; SCHOOLS ARE PACKED. Crazy!
Those who lack courage will always find a philosophy to justify it.  -- Albert Camus
Have your own vision &amp; stick with it. Don't be afraid to be unique.Every day is an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
President Obama wants to change the name of the "White House" because it is highly discriminating and not at all politically correct!
“Former CIA analyst Larry Johnson accuses United Kingdom Intelligence of helping Obama Administration Spy on the 2016 Trump Presidential Campaign.” @OANN WOW! It is now just a question of time before the truth comes out and when it does it will be a beauty!
Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach is one of the most exclusive &amp; elite clubs in the world w/award winning amenities 
.@Morning_Joe just went off the rails. I will beat Hillary easily - she does not want to run against me. I am tuning them out waste of time
Eric I can live with that! 
Doug Wead a truly great presidential historian had a wonderful take on a very beautiful moment in history the funeral service today of President Bush. Doug was able to brilliantly cover some very important and interesting periods of time! @LouDobbs
Join me LIVE on my Facebook page in St. Augustine Florida! Lets #DrainTheSwamp &amp; MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!… 
Phylis Schlafly: 'Marco Rubio Betrayed Us All' 
If Justice Roberts had made the correct decision on ObamaCare our country would not be in turmoil right now!
Obama's deal vs. Trump's deals- 
I am meeting with the major pharmaceutical companies today at the White House about progress on a vaccine and cure. Progress being made!
Why does @CNN &amp; @andersoncooper waste airtime by putting failed campaign strategist Stuart Stevens - who lost BIG for Romney - on the show?
I am sorry to have to reiterate that there are serious and unpleasant consequences to crossing the Border into the United States ILLEGALLY! If there were no serious consequences our country would be overrun with people trying to get in and our system could not handle it!
ICYMI: PENCE: I RAN A STATE THAT WORKED; KAINE RAN A STATE THAT FAILED. 
Elizabeth Warren is being hammered even by the Left. Her false claim of Indian heritage is only selling to VERY LOW I.Q. individuals!
Pres. Obama was touting Yemen as a great success story - it just fell. Obama doesn't know what he is doing. Saudi Arabia is in big trouble.
The joint statement released with President Bolsonaro in March makes absolutely clear that I support Brazil beginning the process for full OECD membership. The United States stands by that statement and stands by @jairbolsonaro. This article is FAKE NEWS! 
Sacrificing our nation’s bravest for  ungrateful Iraqis = great for China. China is taking majority of the oil 
Democrats are saying that DACA is not worth it and don’t want to include in talks. Many Hispanics will be coming over to the Republican side watch!
As I said on @foxandfriends this a.m. you have to give Obama credit—he won! ...
Fake News story of secret dinner with Putin is "sick." All G 20 leaders and spouses were invited by the Chancellor of Germany. Press knew!
So far the Super Bowl is very boring - not nearly as exciting as politics - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#MakeAmericaWorkAgain #TrumpPence16 #RNCinCLE  
Donate Today To Help Make America Great Again! You Can Help Stop Crooked Hillary Clinton!  
“Trumps Are Giving @TrumpDoral A Makeover”  via @CBSMiami
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
I'm not a hunter and don't approve of killing animals. I strongly disagree with my sons who are hunters but (cont) 
“Trump: I created tens of thousands of jobs”  via @thehill by @SmiloTweets

Being true to yourself equals being true to your brand. That's the solid foundation that stands the test of time.  Midas Touch
ObamaCare is an absolute disaster which will destroy 16% of the economy and ultimately more!
Department of Justice should have urged the Supreme Court to at least hear the Drivers License case on illegal immigrants in Arizona. I agree with @LouDobbs. Should have sought review.
Via @BleacherReport: “Donald Trump to Be Inducted into WWE Hall of Fame” 
This Witch Hunt must end! 
Greatest Witch Hunt in the History of our Country! NO COLLUSION! Border Coyotes Drug Dealers and Human Traffickers are treated better. Who alerted CNN to be there?
A third rate conman who interviewed me many years ago for just a short period of time has been playing his biggest con of all on Fake News CNN. Michael D’Antonio a broken down hack who knows nothing about me goes on night after night telling made up Trump stories. Disgraceful!
Economy is GREAT Big Stock Market uptick today. Best ranking in 20 years admits CNN! 
Congrats @NBCInvestigates on revealing that Obama knew millions of Americans would lose their healthcare plans 
Via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1: "Exclusive: Trump To Address South Carolina Tea Party Convention" 
Will be signing the CARE Act in the Oval Office today at 4:00 P.M. Eastern! 
The Mar-a-Lago Club has the best meatloaf in America. Tasty. 
Let's not get too excited about Monday's U.S. Supreme Court oral argument on #ObamaCare before the decision. No (cont) 
Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
.@LisaLampanelli  You are terrific (always). Great job on the Apprentice.
Remember our six brave heroes who died searching for Bergdahl after he deserted  (h/t @Military_News)
Military solutions are now fully in placelocked and loadedshould North Korea act unwisely.  Hopefully Kim Jong Un will find another path!
The man made "climate change" that our "great" president should be focused on is of the NUCLEAR variety brought upon us because of weakness!
Congratulations to new Congressman @leezeldin being named to House Foreign Affairs Comm. and co-chair the House Republican Israel Caucus.
Representative John Carter (@JudgeJohnCarter) from the Great State of Texas has been a tremendous supporter of our #MAGA Agenda. He is strong on Crime and Borders great for our Military and our Vets and Strong on our #2A. John has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Why did @BarackObama liberate Libya and do nothing for the Iranian protestors? Iran is a threat to our national security.
Big and conclusive win by Mitt Romney. Congratulations! I look forward to working together - there is so much good to do. A great and loving family will be coming to D.C.
I will be on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Will be talking about lightweight Marco Rubio and lying Ted Cruz!
With magnificent views @TrumpChicago is the perfect venue to host impact events &amp; business meetings 
Just hit 50% in the Rasmussen Poll much higher than President Obama at same point. With all of the phony stories and Fake News it’s hard to believe! Thank you America we are doing Great Things.
.@hardball_chris says he’s “glad” we had a hurricane! With many people dying and thousands hurting MSNBC (cont) 
THANK YOU Greenville North Carolina! #MAGA2020 
I will take full credit for Mitt Romney dropping out of the race—looks like he won’t be endorsing Trump any time soon.
...dying newspaper industry. No matter how much they try to distract and cover it up our country is making great progress under my leadership and I will never stop fighting for the American people! As an example the failing New York Times...
So if Iran is going to take over the oil I say we take over the oil first by hammering out a cost-sharing plan with Iraq.#TimeToGetTough
Lots of autism and vaccine response. Stop these massive doses immediately. Go back to single spread out shots! What do we have to lose.
Pocahontas is at it again! Goofy Elizabeth Warren one of the least productive U.S. Senators has a nasty mouth. Hope she is V.P. choice.
WOW great new poll- New York! Thank you for your support! #Trump2016#NewYorkValues  
...&amp; costly. Workers &amp; small businesses need money now in order to survive. Virus wasn’t their fault. It is “HELL” dealing with the Dems had to give up some stupid things in order to get the “big picture” done. 90% GREAT! WIN BACK HOUSE but throw Massie out of Republican Party!
See story in The Scotsman re: wind turbines- 
Rosie is crude rude obnoxious and dumb - other than that I like her very much!
“No president in American history has been treated like this.” @marklevinshow
.@ByronYork  Great numbers from @CBSNews Poll. Also from ABC-Washington Post Poll. Thank you!  @CNN
In new Quinnipiac Poll 66% of people feel the economy is “Excellent or Good.” That is the highest number ever recorded by this poll.
“Ohr told the FBI it (the Fake Dossier) wasn’t true it was a lie and the FBI was determined to use it anyway to damage Trump and to perpetrate a fraud on the court to spy on the Trump campaign. This is a fraud on the court. The Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court is in......
The same people that built the ObamaCare website used as the face of the website someone who is not a US citizen. Incompetent.
Hunter Biden was really bad on @GMA. Now Sleepy Joe has real problems! Reminds me of Crooked Hillary and her 33000 deleted Emails not recoverable!
The best way to build a successful business is by results. In the end that is what counts.
He @johnedwards is bad but @andrewyoung is worse--not only is he a "rat" but it turns out he stole much of the money for himself.
....The President Obama quote just before election. That’s because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win and he didn’t want to “rock the boat.” When I easily won the Electoral College the whole game changed and the Russian excuse became the narrative of the Dems.
This election is a choice between law order &amp; safety - or chaos crime &amp; violence. I will make America safe again for everyone. #ImWithYou
Double digit premium increases because of ObamaCare. Dems trying to delay showing numbers until after election but news is spreading fast!
Small business owners are the DREAMERS &amp; INNOVATORS who are powering us into the future!Read more and watch here:  
China attempted to sell embargoed computers to Iran   China loves these deals!
I said gas prices would sky rocket after election - Opec payback!
#VoteTrumpNH #NHPrimary #
Why do losers &amp; haters always say I wear a “wig” when they know I don’t. Like it or not it’s all mine—just ask Barbara Walters.
The real story is that President Obama did NOTHING after being informed in August about Russian meddling. With 4 months looking at Russia...
Announcing great expanded HRAs—big win for small employers and workers. This is a fantastic plan! My Administration has worked very hard on creating more affordable health coverage. 
President Obama missed the deadline!
#TBT Taking piano lessons from my friend Elton John. 
....In the interim Hon. Robert Wilkie of DOD will serve as Acting Secretary. I am thankful for Dr. David Shulkin’s service to our country and to our GREAT VETERANS!
... are NOT planning to illegally subvert the 2020 Election despite all that has been said to the contrary. It all sounded good until I watched Kevin Cernekee a Google engineer say terrible things about what they did in 2016 and that they want to “Make sure that Trump losses...
I hope everyone had a great Memorial Day!
The lunatics in Congress banned the word ‘lunatic’ from Congress last week   Busy doing the peoples’ work!
....story about me and a perfectly fine and routine conversation I had with the new President of the Ukraine. Nothing was said that was in any way wrong but Biden’s demand on the other hand was a complete and total disaster. The Fake News knows this but doesn’t want to report!
Will be doing a sit down interview with  @JakeTapper @CNN on Sunday morning at 9:00. Tough questions and hopefully very good answers!
Great news--here comes the Tea Party! @MittRomney has received 42k donations online &amp; raised over $4.2 million since the ObamaCare decision.
 
Getting ready to celebrate the 4th of July with a big crowd at the White House. Happy 4th to everyone. Our country will grow and prosper!
Oprah will end up doing just fine with her network--she knows how to win. @Oprah
Had a record crowd in Boone Iowa. A fantastic day--- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
ObamaCare is one of the worst political disasters of all time - 4992343 AMERICANS LOSING COVERAGE LESS THAN 50OOO NEW SIGNUPS.
Via @BreitbartNews by Steve Bannon: “‘TIME TO GET TOUGH’: TRUMP’S BLOCKBUSTER POLICY MANIFESTO” 
“The Democrats have nothing. Just want to distract from this President. The FBI was not doing its job the State Department was covering things up everyday for Hillary. At the end of the day they’re fearful of what they did and should be fearful. This is a tough.....

It is amazing how @LindseyGrahamSC gets on so many T.V. shows talking negatively about me when I beat him so badly (ZERO) in his pres run!
The Rigged Russia Witch Hunt did not come into play even a little bit with respect to my decision on Don McGahn!
The Zimmerman trial is over.  It is time to move on.  While Zimmerman is no angel he was acquitted and should be able to move on.
.@MonicaCrowley you were great with @SeanHannity on @FoxNews tonight.  Thank you for your kind words. We will keep Americans safe.
.....amounts of agricultural product from our great Farmers. At the request of our High Tech companies and President Xi I agreed to allow Chinese company Huawei to buy product from them which will not impact our  National Security. Importantly we have opened up negotiations...
HAPPY VETERANS DAY!

The Republicans never discuss how good their healthcare bill is &amp; it will get even better at lunchtime.The Dems scream death as OCare dies!
Heading to Richmond Virginia now. Join me tonight! #Trump2016Tickets: 
Nancy Pelosi and Fake Tears Chuck Schumer held a rally  at the steps of The Supreme Court and mic did not work (a mess)-just like Dem party!
Ted Cruz complains about my views on eminent domain but without it we wouldn't have roads highways airports schools or even pipelines.
Getting ready to visit Walter Reed Medical Center with Melania. Looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest Americans!
China is now given preference to buy US debt by going directly to Treasury. I don't believe @BarackObama knows that he selling us out.
I hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of Hillary Clinton as exposed by WikiLeaks. She is unfit to run.
Saturday Night Live has some incredible things in store tonight. The great thing about playing myself is that it will be authentic! Enjoy
I wish people would read or listen to my words on the Border Wall. This was in no way a concession. It was taking care of millions of people who were getting badly hurt by the Shutdown with the understanding that in 21 days if no deal is done it’s off to the races!
NBC FAKE NEWS which is under intense scrutiny over their killing the Harvey Weinstein story is now fumbling around making excuses for their probably highly unethical conduct. I have long criticized NBC and their journalistic standards-worse than even CNN. Look at their license?
My @extratv interview before Hurricane Sandy explaining that I would be staying in Trump Tower during the storm 
Just a continuation of the Witch Hunt! 
The Fake News Media works hard at disparaging &amp; demeaning my use of social media because they don't want America to hear the real story!
Via @NYDailyNews by @klnynews: “Donald Trump wins lawsuit against Joint Commission on Public Ethics” 
Biggest story today between Clapper &amp; Yates is on surveillance. Why doesn't the media report on this? #FakeNews!

“New evidence that the Obama era team of the FBI DOJ &amp; CIA were working together to Spy on (and take out) President Trump all the way back in 2015.” A transcript of Peter Strzok’s testimony is devastating. Hopefully the Mueller Report will be covering this. @OANN @foxandfriends
A very interesting piece by a very good writer @KirstenPowers of @USATODAY and @FoxNews. 
Today we are thrilled to welcome @Broadcom CEO Hock Tan to the WH to announce he is moving their HQ’s from Singapore back to the U.S.A..... 
The Carson story is either a total fabrication or if true even worse-trying to hit mother over the head with a hammer or stabbing friend!
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence therefore is not an act but a habit. --  Aristotle
James Comey just totally exposed his partisan stance by urging his fellow Democrats to take back the White House in 2020. In other words he is and has been a Democrat. Comey had no right heading the FBI at any time but especially after his mind exploded!
I will be strongly pushing Comprehensive Background Checks with an emphasis on Mental Health. Raise age to 21 and end sale of Bump Stocks! Congress is in a mood to finally do something on this issue - I hope!
Gas prices are at crazy levels--fire Obama!
TRUMP TUESDAY @SquawkCNBC tomorrow at 7:30 am  Tune in!
One of the greatest trade deals ever made! Also good for China and our long term relationship. 250 Billion Dollars will be coming back to our Country and we are now in a great position for a Phase Two start. There has never been anything like this in U.S. history! USMCA NEXT!
Congratulations and thank you to our great Vice President &amp; all of the many professionals doing such a fine job at CDC &amp; all other agencies on the Coronavirus situation. Only a very small number in U.S. &amp; China numbers look to be going down. All countries working well together!
Big day! Pastor Andrew Brunson who could have spent 35 years in a Turkish prison was returned safely home to his family today. Met in Oval Office great people! Then off to Kentucky for a Rally for Congressman Andy Barr. Tremendous crowd &amp; spirit! Just returned to White House.
The TODAY Show should call me about who to put on the show— I know more about people who get ratings than anyone.
Launching the Trump Home by Dorya Furniture Collection today. It looks amazing! @HPMARKETNEWS @DoryaInteriors 
Oil is starting to rise again despite the horrible times. OPEC continues to rip us off. Not worth $30. New leadership needed.
“House Democrats perpetrating a fraud on America.” @IngrahamAngle
Manufacturing growing at the fastest pace in almost two decades!
Enjoy the low gas prices over the Labor Day weekend! My energy policies have made America energy independent while keeping prices low just like a Tax Cut. The Democrats “green” policies will raise your price of gas! 
Via @CNNMoney: "Donald Trump gets into crowdfunding"  #FundAnything
Our July 4th Salute to America at the Lincoln Memorial is looking to be really big. It will be the show of a lifetime!
.@GiulianaRancic &amp; @nickjonas both did a wonderful job hosting @MissUSA! Everyone loved @JonasBrothers &amp; @DJPaulyD’s performances!
Mark Levin's @marklevinshow 'The Liberty Amendments: Restoring the American Republic" is a truly great &amp; important book.
Sorry we cannot let our friends or enemies take advantage of us on Trade anymore. We must put the American worker first!
Even NY Democrats are avoiding @BarackObama's convention    He is dragging his own party down with him
My int. on @FoxNews’ @oreillyfactor: “Donald Trump presidential politics and 'The Factor'” 
Schiff is a FRAUD! @dbongino 
Wow! Crazy Bernie Sanders is surging in the polls looking very good against his opponents in the Do Nothing Party. So what does this all mean? Stay tuned!
“The Democrats are trying to draw out this inquiry because they don’t have the support. Donald Trump is guilty only of winning the 2016 Election.” @MZHemingway @foxandfriends
With all of the words President Obama just dispensed at his press conference he didn't say what we all want to hear"I'LL STOP THE FLIGHTS"
Via @IBTimes: "Under Fire From Donald Trump Jeb Bush Focuses On 9/11 Even Though Hijackers Got Florida Licenses"
Thanks for the tremendous support for my shirts ties and suits at Macy's. They do great because of really high quality at a low price.
No bedbugs at Doral. The Radical Left Democrats upon hearing that the perfectly located (for the next G-7) Doral National MIAMI was under consideration for the next G-7 spread that false and nasty rumor. Not nice!
CLINTON IS WEAK ON NORTH KOREA: #VPDebate
When will people realize that @billmaher is not an intellectual but actually a rather dumb guy—just look at his past.
.@HillaryClinton : Bill “clarified” what he meant when calling Obamacare a “disaster.” Actually “disaster” is pretty clear. #Debate
A big subject today at the White House Social Media Summit will be the tremendous dishonesty bias discrimination and suppression practiced by certain companies. We will not let them get away with it much longer. The Fake News Media will also be there but for a limited period..
.@Team_Mitch   Fantastic win we are all proud of you! Your victory speech last night was very gracious to an opponent whose speech was not.
Happy Halloween! 
A strong America creates opportunity and growth. We just need to change Washington. Let’s Make America Great Again! 
Entrepreneurs: When negotiating don't be an open book. Know that the only person on your side might be yourself.
Join me tonight at the Charleston Civic Center in West Virginia at 7:00pmE! Tickets: 
Joseph Kennedy is really being used by Venezuela and Hugo C. in oil commercial!
Sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments. You.....
Whatever happened to Hillary campaign manager Podesta’s BROTHER? Wasn’t he caught forced to leave his firm with BIG BAD things to happen? Why did nothing ever happen to him only to the “other” side?
It is really a shame that Barack Obama may stop $5M from being generously donated to charity all because he refuses to be transparent.
Like your current health care plan? Too bad you’re going to lose it under ObamaCare. Hope Change &amp; a  300% Increase in Your Premium.
Via @espn: @dallasmavs “most likely scenario remains finishing a frustrating ninth in the West” 
The American people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists!
Thoughts &amp; prayers with the millions of people in the path of Hurricane Matthew. Look out for neighbors and listen… 
The onus of the Chicago teachers' strike falls squarely on the teachers &amp; their union. Inexcusable to leave children without school.
.@kilmeade  It was great being with you on @foxandfriends this morning. So many people saw and loved the piece. Great work!
The Trump Signature Collection  available @Macys offers top new designs for your fall wardrobe. Dress your best! 
Trump lays out big plans for Doonbeg  resort: Billionaire says investment shows Ireland’s economy recovering 
Thank you very much for revealing the incredible facts which the Fake News Media will never do! @SteveHiltonx @NextRevFNC 
...and says something is seriously wrong. He will never go down as great!
Congress must get together and immediately eliminate the loopholes at the Border! If no action Border or large sections of Border will close. This is a National Emergency!
How do you impeach a president who has won perhaps the greatest election of all time done nothing wrong (no Collusion with Russia it was the Dems that Colluded) had the most successful first two years of any president and is the most popular Republican in party history 93%?
If Republican Senate doesn't get rid of the Filibuster Rule &amp; go to a simple majority which the Dems would do they are just wasting time!
To protect our Country we must protect American Steel! #AMERICA FIRST
Heading to Arizona big rally and big crowd! #MAGA #KAG2020
I do what I do out of pure enjoyment. Hopefully nobody does it better. Theres a beauty to making a great deal. It's my canvas.
Rapidly failing @VanityFair magazine hits me for my strong stance against Obama's "brilliant" 5 killers for 1 deserter trade. Amazing!
“Stocks Cap Best First Half Since 1997” @WSJ Our Country is doing great!
The DEDUCTIBLE which comes with ObamaCare is so high that it is practically not even useable! Hurts families badly. We have a chance working with the Democrats to deliver great HealthCare! A confirming Supreme Court Decision will lead to GREAT HealthCare results for Americans!
...Follow the money! The spy was there early in the campaign and yet never reported Collusion with Russia because there was no Collusion. He was only there to spy for political reasons and to help Crooked Hillary win - just like they did to Bernie Sanders who got duped!
According to NBC News Voters Nationwide Disapprove of the so-called Mueller Investigation (46%) more than they Approve (41%). You mean they are finally beginning to understand what a disgusting Witch Hunt led by 17 Angry Democrats is all about!
Crooked Hillary has ZERO leadership ability. As Bernie Sanders says she has bad judgement. Constantly playing the women's card - it is sad!
Really enjoyed discussing @yankees yesterday with @RealMicihaelKay. I am a long time Yankee fan.
Thanks @AndreaTantaros for all of your kind words and thoughts. Big progress is being made. Keep up the great work!
Great poll in Iowa where I just landed for a Big Rally! #KAG2020🇺🇸 
For every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council I have many to take their place. Grandstanders should not have gone on. JOBS!
.@SenMikeLee refuted every point Karl 1.6% Rove made on the need to defund ObamaCare.Must listen  @TheRightScoop
LETS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Schedule &amp; tickets:  
.@megynkelly- I am in Nevada. Sorry to inform you Kellyanne is in the audience. Better luck next time.
“I succeeded by saying what everyone else is thinking.” - @Joan_Rivers
I should have easily won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a judge Gonzalo Curiel who is totally biased against me.
Negotiation tip: Be reasonable &amp; flexible. Being open to change could lead you into a fortunate situation and open the door to innovation.
Looking forward to being in Council Bluffs Iowa later today. Despite weather rally is on -- will be fantastic! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
While Washington Michigan was a big success Washington D.C. just didn’t work. Everyone is talking about the fact that the White House Correspondents Dinner was a very big boring bust...the so-called comedian really “bombed.” @greggutfeld should host next year! @PeteHegseth
Thoughts and prayers to the great people of Indiana. You will prevail!
“If the Democrats would have closed the Loopholes two years ago when President Trump asked them to do so none of this stuff would have happened.” @ThomasHomanICE
The only thing James Comey ever got right was when he said that President Trump was not under investigation!
It’s snowing &amp; freezing in NYC. What the hell ever happened to global warming?
Incredible to be with our GREAT HEROES today in California. We will always be with you! 
...We have not seen China’s demands yet which should be few in that previous U.S. Administrations have done so poorly in negotiating. China has seen our demands. There has been no folding as the media would love people to believe the meetings...
The Emmys are all politics that's why despite nominations The Apprentice never won--even though it should have many times over.
I have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy.
The New York Times has apologized for the terrible Anti-Semitic Cartoon but they haven’t apologized to me for this or all of the Fake and Corrupt news they print on a daily basis. They have reached the lowest level of “journalism” and certainly a low point in @nytimes history!
Many people have been asking me to answer questions. You can ask me questions at any time. #TrumpQandA
Obama is our unlucky President. Everything he touches turns into a mess. Some people just don't have it!
Dear @kimguilfoyle Thank you so much for your nice words today on @TheFive. Will not be forgotten! In Iowa now. Packed house!
Countries that have treated us unfairly on trade for years are all coming to Washington to negotiate. This should have taken place many years ago butas the saying goes better late than never!
Great new poll from NH. Thank you! We need to keep this country safe! #Trump2016  
A horrible day for Newtown CT and our country yesterday. My condolences to all of the families so tragically affected.
From @FoxNews "Bombshell: In 2016 Obama dismissed idea that anyone could rig an American election."  Check out his statement - Witch Hunt!
GREAT BOOK! 
I will be in Green Bay Wisconsin on Saturday April 27th at the Resch Center — 7:00pm (CDT). Big crowd expected! #MAGA 
If President Obama made the deals that I have made both at the Border and for the Economy the Corrupt Media would be hailing them as Incredible &amp; a National Holiday would be immediately declared. With me despite our record setting Economy and all that I have done no credit!
My supporters are the best! $18 million from hard-working people who KNOW what we can be again! Shatter the record: 
Convention Center officials in Phoenix don't want to admit that they broke the fire code by allowing 12-15000 people in 4000 code room.
Looking forward to 3:30 P.M. meeting today at the White House. We have to protect &amp; build our Steel and Aluminum Industries while at the same time showing great flexibility and cooperation toward those that are real friends  and treat us fairly on both trade and the military.
Hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power no jobs no safety.
#CrookedHillary 
Leaving for Liberty University. I'll be speaking today in front of a record crowd. #Trump2016
How does @HBO employ @BillMaher with a pathetic show that he does---- what kind of "a special" is that? Complete garbage!
Vote for good guy @seanspicer tonight on Dancing With The Stars. He has always been there for us!
“Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself.” - Andrew Carnegie
Indiana Rally and Coach Bobby Knight were incredible last night. Packed House in Honor of Mike Braun for Senate. Mike will be a GREAT Senator. Don’t forget to VOTE!
.@AScottPGA  Really solid playing--keep going!
Everywhere Marie Yovanovitch went turned bad. She started off in Somalia how did that go? Then fast forward to Ukraine where the new Ukrainian President spoke unfavorably about her in my second phone call with him. It is a U.S. President’s absolute right to appoint ambassadors.
Having a truly great imagination is often far more important than having even massive knowledge - but still never underestimate knowledge!
As we celebrate LGBT Pride Month and recognize the outstanding contributions LGBT people have made to our great Nation let us also stand in solidarity with the many LGBT people who live in dozens of countries worldwide that punish imprison or even execute individuals....
Christopher Bedford The Federalist Senior Editor. “There is NOTHING NEW in these Emails at all that’s been discovered. It’s exactly what we knew before which is that the White House &amp; political figures wanted to cut off aid Trump wanted to question aid to a number of....
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpRallyAL 
Well as predicted the 9th Circuit did it again - Ruled against the TRAVEL BAN at such a dangerous time in the history of our country. S.C.
....brought up not them) because the Dems won’t change the Loopholes and Asylum. Big Media Con Job!
Why did @oreillyfactor give @davidaxelrod so much time to sell his third rate book. Bill should have hit stammering David MUCH harder! Waste
The Dems are getting NOTHING done in Congress! They only want a Do-Over on Mueller!
Nadler hasn’t had a single fact witness testify! Zero substance—Country wants #USMCA and Growth not Impeachment. Polls have tanked on the Do Nothing Democrats!
Remember I said Derek don't sell your Trump World Tower apartment...its been lucky for you. The day after he sold it he broke his foot.
.@kevinjonas was great but he brought the wrong person into the boardroom. Had he brought Lorenzo in he would not have been fired.
I’ve done more damage to ISIS than all recent presidents....not even close!
Cowards die many times before their actual deaths. --Caesar
The fastest way we can start saving Social Security is to get Americans back to work. #TimeToGetTough (cont) 
When will the 13 Angry Democrats (&amp; those who worked for President O) reveal their disqualifying Conflicts of Interest? It’s been a long time now! Will they be indelibly written into the Report along with the fact that the only Collusion is with the Dems Justice FBI &amp; Russia?
“Study: Insurance costs to soar under Obamacare”  Men in NC get 305% hike. Women in NE suffer an average 237% hike.
“The most important political office is that of the private citizen.” - Justice Louis D. Brandeis
Doesn't want to remove Assad - worries what comes next.
The Mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime. It was based on fraudulent activities and a Fake Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC and improperly used in FISA COURT for surveillance of my campaign. WITCH HUNT!
Will be on @CNN at 7:00 A.M.
The decision on Sergeant Bergdahl is a complete and total disgrace to our Country and to our Military.
Had a great meeting at CIA Headquarters yesterday packed house paid great respect to Wall long standing ovations amazing people. WIN!
92 stories above North Michigan Avenue @TrumpChicago’s 5-Star @Forbes rated rooms have the best views of Chicago 
If you can't run your own house you certainly can't run the White House A statement made by Mrs. Obama about Crooked Hillary Clinton
“Do not allow fear to settle into place in any part of your life. It is a defeating attitude &amp; a negative emotion" Think Like a Champion
....stem the tide of Migration through Mexico and to our Southern Border. This is being done to greatly reduce or eliminate Illegal Immigration coming from Mexico and into the United States. Details of the agreement will be released shortly be the State Department. Thank you!
Just had calls with South Carolina Governor Henry McMaster North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper and Virginia Governor Ralph Northam regarding the incoming storm. Federal Government stands by ready to assist 24/7.
Looking forward to @THEGaryBusey's book of "Buseyisms"!
...intentional. This whole narrative is a way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed.....
The "protesters" in California were thugs and criminals. Many are professionals. They should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement!
President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago instead of golfing. Too little too late!
HAPPY NEW YEAR! We are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and much faster than anyone thought possible!
AMERICA FIRST!
The United States has ended the ridiculous 230 Million Dollar yearly development payment to Syria. Saudi Arabia and other rich countries in the Middle East will start making payments instead of the U.S. I want to develop the U.S. our military and countries that help us!
What a great evening we had. So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary. The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him!
“Recognize that the world needs more entrepreneurs. Everyone is counting on you.” – Midas Touch
Big success on the Turkey/Syria Border. Safe Zone created! Ceasefire has held and combat missions have ended. Kurds are safe and have worked very nicely with us. Captured ISIS prisoners secured. I will be making a statement at 11:00 A.M. from the White House. Thank you!
Congratulations to @FoxNews for winning November in the cable news rating race with 9 of 10 top shows 
One of our best fundraising days EVER! 
Via @AP: "Donald Trump returns to the 'Apprentice' boardroom" 
No surprise. Woman being cited by Kerry &amp; McCain on Syrian rebels is a paid consultant of the rebels 
Going to New Hampshire all sold out crowds. People want real change - POLS WILL NEVER MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
Business is no place for stream of consciousness babbling. Keep it short fast and direct. - Think Like a Champion
#ICYMI: Joint Statement with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on North Korea. 
Congratulations to Alyssa Campanella Miss California---our new MIss USA!  
“Concentration and mental toughness are the margins of victory.” - Bill Russell
Congratulations to our new Attorney General @SenatorSessions! 
Pollster Trend National GOP Average223 national polls &amp; 33 pollsters.#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
The Republican Party has to be smart &amp; strong if it wants to win in November. Can't allow lightweights to set up a spoiler Indie candidate!
The United States does not need John Kerry’s possibly illegal Shadow Diplomacy on the very badly negotiated Iran Deal.  He was the one that created this MESS in the first place!
....taken out of Ukraine and China. Additionally I demand transparency from Democrats that went to Ukraine and attempted to force the new President to do things that they wanted under the form of political threat.
For all of those who have been asking about online sales the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold @Macys.com
Entrepreneurs: Set the example and you'll be a magnet for the right people. Great leaders determine the teams they assemble.
I will be on FOX with the great @JudgeJeanine tonight at 9pm EST! Enjoy! #Trump2016
So much for Hope and Change. @BarackObama has already spent over $100M on attack ads across the swing states 
....intimidated by this national left wing media that reduces most politicians and most public figures to whining crying puddles of cowardice - it is really something to have a man in the White House who has a courageous heart and does what he says he will do.”
Via @washingtonpost’s @goingoutguide by @timcarman: “ @gzchef open the National at the Old Post Office Pavilion” 
Why do people listen to clown @KarlRove on @FoxNews? Spent $430M &amp; lost all races—a Bushy!
The only problem our economy has is the Fed. They don’t have a feel for the Market they don’t understand necessary Trade Wars or Strong Dollars or even Democrat Shutdowns over Borders. The Fed is like a powerful golfer who can’t score because he has no touch - he can’t putt!
The Football program at Penn State should be suspended.
Fox and Friends
So @JLin7 had another game winning shot last night. Looks like the Knicks have not only found a new point guard (cont) 
“Federal Court Deals Major Blow To Sanctuary Cities.” @FoxNews  In other words there will be no more Federal Tax Dollars to States &amp; Cities that will not cooperate with Federal Law Enforcement (ICE). This is BIG NEWS! Funds will be cut off immediately. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The @Yankees must re-negotiate @AROD's contract. He is not the same player without drugs.
I look forward to hosting right out of the great State of South Carolina the 2019 NCAA Football Champion Clemson Tigers at the White House on Monday January 14th. What a game what a coach what a team!
General Jim Mattis will be retiring with distinction at the end of February after having served my Administration as Secretary of Defense for the past two years. During Jim’s tenure tremendous progress has been made especially with respect to the purchase of new fighting....
The U.S. Embassy in Iraq is &amp; has been for hours SAFE! Many of our great Warfighters together with the most lethal military equipment in the world was immediately rushed to the site. Thank you to the President &amp; Prime Minister of Iraq for their rapid response upon request....
Will be on @OreillyFactor tonight at 8:30pm @FoxNews- prior to Melania's speech at the #GOPConvention. Tune in- she will do great! #RNCinCLE
The Democrats are all talk and no action. They are doing nothing to fix DACA. Great opportunity missed. Too bad!
I really enjoyed being in New Hampshire &amp; speaking for Joe McQuaid @deucecrew &amp; the Nackey Loeb School @LoebSchool honoring James Foley.
As the days and weeks go by  we see what a total mess our country (and world) is in - Crooked Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad decisions!
Via @PRNewswire: “Central Park Horse Show To Make Inaugural Debut in NYC Sept 18-21”   I am proud to be a sponsor!
WOW - Departing the White House shortly. See you soon Georgia! #MAGA  
.@GovMikeHuckabee Great job on @FoxNews tonight. Thanks for your nice words about my children. Class!
Nick Adams new book Green Card Warrior is a must read. The merit-based system is the way to go. Canada Australia! @foxandfriends
How did the NCAA which is weak and becoming irrelevant extract such a big &amp; reputation shattering settlement from Penn State. Others zero!
The failing @nytimes just announced that complaints about them are at a 15 year high. I can fully understand that - but why announce?
Now that Bush has wasted $120 million of special interest money on his failed campaign he says he would end super PACs. Sad!
This is a terrible deal for the country and an embarrassment for Republicans!
To the leaders of Iran - DO NOT KILL YOUR PROTESTERS. Thousands have already been killed or imprisoned by you and the World is watching. More importantly the USA is watching. Turn your internet back on and let reporters roam free! Stop the killing of your great Iranian people!
“And the Radical Dems reeling in disarray as the President continues to Win Win and Win again! The Left is PRETENDING to be shocked by A.G. William Barr’s testimony before Congress in which he said SPYING did occur on the Trump 2016 Campaign.” @LouDobbs  @FoxNews
It’s Thursday. @billmaher is still a very dumb guy--just look at his past.
The one positive from the plunge in household wealth is that we are in a buyer's market. This is the time to buy!
A drug free A-Rod is just an average baseball player.@Yankees will soon move him down in the batting order &amp; should renegotiate his contract
Give the public a break - The FAKE NEWS media is trying to say that large scale immigration in Sweden is working out just beautifully. NOT!
Entrepreneurs:  Review your work habits regularly and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Keep your focus intact.
...The United States because of the Federal Reserve is paying a MUCH higher Interest Rate than other competing countries. They can’t believe how lucky they are that Jay Powell &amp; the Fed don’t have a clue. And now on top of it all the Oil hit. Big Interest Rate Drop Stimulus!
This assignment has been a challenge to both teams. #CelebApprentice
When will @BarackObama release his transcripts? What is he hiding?
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.  ENJOY!
Thank you Georgia! I had a great afternoon with all of you! I will be back soon. #MakeAmerciaGreatAgain 
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
Wow the ratings for @60Minutes last night were their biggest in a year--- very nice!
Many of the Syrian rebels are radical jihadi Islamists who are murdering Christians. Why would we ever fight with them?
Country music star @TraceAdkins returns to All-Star @CelebApprentice.  Competing for @RedCross Trace is great!
I'm doing The David Letterman Show tonight -should be interesting!
Ivanka Trump &amp; Jared Kushner had NOTHING to do with the so called “pushing out” of Don McGahn.The Fake News Media has it purposelyso wrong! They love to portray chaos in the White House when they know that chaos doesn’t exist-just a “smooth running machine” with changing parts!
“This whole process has been rigged from the start.”  @RepDLesko
I started to get very worried about Mitt's chances when I heard that A-Rod donated to his campaign. Everything A-Rod touches turns bad.
Thank you Arizona! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain # 
This is Amateur Night - who the hell is in charge of this production? #Oscars
So much of the Lamestream Media is writing and broadcasting stories with facts that are made up and knowingly wrong. They are doing it by quoting unnamed sources that simply do not exist. These are very dangerous &amp; corrupt people who will do anything to win. NAME YOUR SOURCES!
We are going to have a big event at the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester New Hampshire! 5K+! Join us tomorrow: 
#TRUMP International Reality will be America’s premiere real estate brokerage house   w/ the most distinctive services.
Each day that Iran delays the deal if that is what you call it we must add another sanction and make them progressively tough.
'President-elect Donald J. Trump today announced his intent to nominate Steven Mnuchin Wilbur Ross &amp; Todd Ricketts… 
To be called Trump Links at Ferry Point course will be GREAT and over the years hold many tournaments and major championships-$'s to NYC.
.@CelebApprentice Flashback: “What @bretmichaels Learned from the 'Rock Star of Real Estate'” 
Via   
Massive sections of The Wall are being built at our Southern Border. It is going up rapidly and built to the highest standards and specifications of the Border Patrol experts. It is actually an amazing structure! Our U.S. Military is doing a GREAT job.
I am pleased to announce that effective 4/9/18 @AmbJohnBolton will be my new National Security Advisor. I am very thankful for the service of General H.R. McMaster who has done an outstanding job &amp; will always remain my friend. There will be an official contact handover on 4/9.
Build your products in the United States and there are NO TARIFFS!
He @BarackObama made a deal with Saudi Arabia to pump the hell out of oil until after the election. Watch what (cont) 
.@GovMikeHuckabee “Your paycheck is bigger your pension is stronger.” @foxandfriends  Unemployment numbers are better than they have been in 50 years &amp; perhaps ever. Our country is booming like never before - and it will get even better! Many companies moving back to the U.S.A.
Sneak peek of Trump's trio of spectacular new seaside holes on the famed Ailsa course/@TrumpTurnberry  
“They are trying to destroy and influence Justice Kavanaugh a very good man.” @LindseyGrahamSC  100% correct and they should be fully exposed for what they are!
“You have to set higher and higher goals.  You have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast.” – Think BIG
Today it was my great honor to welcome @prezydentpl Andrzej Duda of Poland to the @WhiteHouse! 
Remember when Iran shot down a drone saying knowingly that it was in their “airspace” when in fact it was nowhere close. They stuck strongly to that story knowing that it was a very big lie. Now they say that they had nothing to do with the attack on Saudi Arabia. We’ll see?
Morning Consult poll: "Trump Leads"  
 
My people just informed me that this is one of the worst storms to hit the East Coast in many years. Also looking like a direct hit on North Carolina South Carolina and Virginia. Please be prepared be careful and be SAFE!
I will be interviewed by Steve Hilton tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Thank you @Trish_Regan! 
I will be doing @foxandfriends this morning at 8 (not 7).
.@AndrewKreig   Thank you Andrew -  so correct!
Melania and I were treated very nicely yesterday in Pittsburgh. The Office of the President was shown great respect on a very sad and solemn day. We were treaty so warmly. Small protest was not seen by us staged far away. The Fake News stories were just the opposite-Disgraceful!
Great jobs numbers and finally after many years rising wages- and nobody even talks about them. Only Russia Russia Russia despite the fact that after a year of looking there is No Collusion!
“"Pennies don't fall from heaven they have to be earned here on earth." – PM Margaret Thatcher (October 13 1925 – April 8 2013)
Putin's letter is a masterpiece for Russia and a disaster for the U.S. He is lecturing to our President.Never has our Country looked to weak
When you think big you will automatically trigger more details because details are the major component of making anything big.
Despite the Democrat inspired laws on Sanctuary Cities and the Border being so bad and one sided I have instructed the Secretary of Homeland Security not to let these large Caravans of people into our Country. It is a disgrace. We are the only Country in the World so naive! WALL
My speech to @PressClubDC yesterday at the #NPCLunch on the topic of building a business brand via @cspan 
Thank you Jeh so well stated! 
Voters understand that Crooked Hillary's negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity.
Why is the UN condemning @Israel and doing nothing about Syria? What a disgrace.
Hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in Charlotte will come to an immediate end. To those injured get well soon. We need unity &amp; leadership.
A former Secret Service Agent for President Clinton excoriates Crooked Hillary describing her as ERRATIC &amp; VIOLENT. Bad temperament for pres
ESPN is paying a really big price for its politics (and bad programming). People are dumping it in RECORD numbers. Apologize for untruth!
Wow Report Just Out! Google manipulated from 2.6 million to 16 million votes for Hillary Clinton in 2016 Election! This was put out by a Clinton supporter not a Trump Supporter! Google should be sued. My victory was even bigger than thought! @JudicialWatch
The judge in the Oscar Pistorious case is a total moron. She said he didn't act like a killer. This is another O.J. disaster!
Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now!  
A-Rod is a less than average baseball player now that he is unable to use drugs. A-Rod misrepresented to th… (cont) 
#UNGA 
I encourage everyone in the path of #HurricaneHarvey to heed the advice &amp; orders of their local and state officials. 
The Clintons spend millions on negative ads on me &amp; I can’t tell the truth about her husband? Don’t feel sorry for crooked Hillary!
Among the lowest temperatures EVER in much of the United States. Ice caps at record size. Changed name from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE
I would like to thank the Democrats for holding this morning’s hearing. Now after 3 hours Robert Mueller has to subject himself to #ShiftySchiff - an Embarrassment to our Country!
I'll be tweeting live tonight starting at 9PM ET re:@ApprenticeNBC. Don't worry other time zones I will give nothing away!
The Obama Administration built the Cages not the Trump Administration! DEMOCRATS MUST GIVE US THE VOTES TO CHANGE BAD IMMIGRATION LAWS.
Great to be back on track with the European Union. This was a big day for free and fair trade!
The Fake News Media has been so unfair and vicious to my wife and our great First Lady Melania. During her recovery from surgery they reported everything from near death to facelift to left the W.H. (and me) for N.Y. or Virginia to abuse. All Fake she is doing really well!
Secure your place at the National Achievers Congress in London. It will be an amazing event with a great surprise. 
Tune in tonight at 9 pm on TV One for "The Ultimate Merger" starring the one and only Omarosa and twelve brave bachelors ...
I am officially running for President of the United States. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I'm with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
Five Star @TrumpCondosLV are the most luxurious &amp; elite residences in the Vegas market  “If you love it own it”
So the Coronavirus which started in China and spread to various countries throughout the world but very slowly in the U.S. because President Trump closed our border and ended flights VERY EARLY is now being blamed by the Do Nothing Democrats to be the fault of “Trump”.
The President of Ukraine said that he was NOT pressured by me to do anything wrong. Can’t have better testimony than that! As V.P. Biden had his son on the other hand take out millions of dollars by strong arming the Ukrainian President. Also looted millions from China. Bad!
.@ShawnJohnson have a great Easter you are a real champion!
China's military buildup is a major threat to the Free World. We must remain resolute and maintain our national defense at all costs.
Republicans in Iowa go out and Caucus today. Your great Trade Deals with China Mexico Canada Japan South Korea and more are DONE. Great times are coming after waiting for decades for our Farmers Ranchers Manufacturers and ALL. Nobody else could have pulled this off!
His @BarackObama's budget: interest payments to China will exceed US defense spending by 2019  @BarackObama's America!
Little @DonnyDeutsch whose show like his previous shoebiz tries is a disaster has been saying that I had been a friend of his. This is false. He &amp; separately @ErinBurnett used to BEG me to be on episodes of the Apprentice (both were bad) but that was it. Hardly knew him..
Great article by @AmSpec's Jeffrey Lord: “The Reagan Revolution. And now… the @realDonaldTrump Revolution?” 
I've been warning about China since as early as the 80’s. No one wanted to listen. Now our country is in real trouble. #TimetoGetTough
Is it the Neil Patrick Harris show or the Emmy Awards?How was he ever put in this position to start with? CRAZY!
Fake News @CNN and MSDNC have not surprisingly refused to talk about my record setting number of voters in New Hampshire (and in Iowa). That’s why they are poorly rated Fake News! I will win both states in November.

“Trump: 'Seriously Considering' a Presidential Bid”  via @NBCNews
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is pushing for the Moreland Commission to be disbanded immediately--because he is being looked at!
Frankly for a writer I don’t think @DannyZuker’s stuff is good. In fact it’s terrible.
If last night’s election proved anything it proved that we need to put up GREAT Republican candidates to increase the razor thin margins in both the House and Senate.
It doesn't matter who you vote for--it matters who is counting the votes. Be careful of voter fraud!
My team is staying in close contact with Governor Kim Reynolds (@IAGovernor) of Iowa and the local officials managing these floods. We support you and thank all of the first responders working long hours to help the great people of Iowa! 
If you include people who have left the work force unemployment rate is 15%. Labor participation rate is lowest in 70 yrs.
Congresswoman @cathymcmorris of Washington State is an incredible leader who is respected by everyone in Congress. We need her badly in D.C. to keep building on #MAGA. She has my Strong Endorsement!
Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl should face the death penalty for desertion - five brave soldiers died trying to bring him back. U.S. has to get tough!
Polls close in 3 hours! Everyone get out and VOTE!#Trump2016 #
Today more than 50 countries around the world now recognize the rightful government of Venezuela. The Venezuelan people have spoken and the world has heard their voice. They are turning the page on Socialism and Dictatorship; and there will be NO GOING BACK! 
I commend @DrZuhdiJasser for defending the NYPD and Commissioner Kelly. The NYPD has done outstanding work in defending NYC from attacks.
THE WITCH HUNT IS OVER! @SeanHannity 
So much Fake News being put in dying magazines and newspapers. Only place worse may be @NBCNews @CBSNews @ABC and @CNN. Fiction writers!
The best Economy ever! 
So @BarackObama will attack @MittRomney's career at Bain Capital but won't return donations from Bain executives 
China just hacked our federal government &amp; stole gov. workers’ information. Why do our leaders let China get away with this?! No respect.
HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Ivanka caught up with Bret and Holly backstage. Both Bret and Holly were champions all the way.   
Just spoke to @LouDobbs. Will be doing a very interesting show tonight at 7:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxBusiness!
Use adverse events and monumental challenges to make you strong - Think Big
Yesterday in front of Rockefeller Center 
Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel seems so lost and frankly dumb. He can't even speak properly. Poor leader in these very dangerous times!
KENTUCKY!  Get out today and VOTE for @MattBevin and the entire Republican ticket!  MISSISSIPPI!  Get out today and VOTE for @TateReeves and the entire Republican ticket! #VoteOnNov5 #ElectionDay Find your polling location below!
Re Omarosa: Nasty tough or smart...or all?
I love New York but New York can never be great again under the current leadership of Governor Andrew Cuomo (the brother of Fredo) or Mayor Bill DeBlasio. Cuomo has weaponized the prosecutors to do his dirty work (and to keep him out of jams) a reason some don’t want to be...
What the hell is going on with GLOBAL WARMING. The planet is freezing the ice is building and the G.W. scientists are stuck-a total con job
The worst show in Las Vegas in my opinion is @pennjillette. Hokey garbage. New York show even worse!
“Remember people’s names and small details about them. Use both in conversation...
Obama still refuses to stop the flights. Is he stubborn or just plain incompetent - I say both!
#DONOTHINGDEMOCRATS
I watched Mark Cuban on Jay Leno last night - what a jerk!
'Hillary's Two Official Favors To Morocco Resulted In $28 Million For Clinton Foundation' #
Thank you! #G20Summit 
My Administration is taking groundbreaking action to bring new hope to millions of Americans suffering from kidney disease. Today I signed an Executive Order Advancing American Kidney Health...
Wow great Ohio poll. Shows me leading by 5 points beating K!
Don't forget to tune in to the Celebrity Apprentice this Sunday night 9 pm on NBC. The fireworks continue....
Don't let Obama play the Iran card in order to start a war in order to get elected--be careful Republicans!
I don't watch or do @Morning_Joe anymore. Small audience low ratings! I hear Mika has gone wild with hate. Joe is Joe. They lost their way!
We are delivering HISTORIC TAX RELIEF for the American people!#TaxCutsandJobsAct 
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and the entire Trump family I want to wish you all a very MERRY CHRISTMAS! May this Christmas Season bring peace to your hearts warmth to your homes cheer to your spirits and JOY TO THE WORLD! #NCTL2018🎄 
If anyone is looking for a good lawyer I would strongly suggest that you don’t retain the services of Michael Cohen!
I don't want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary. His time will come!
We signed two pieces of major legislation this week Criminal Justice Reform and the Farm Bill. These are two Big Deals but all the Fake News Media wants to talk about is “the mistake” of bringing our young people back home from the Never Ending Wars. It all began 19 years ago!
Check out a FANTASTIC new book “STILL WINNING – Why America Went All In On Donald Trump-And Why We Must Do It Again” by the great writer @CharlesHurt. An excellent read. Thank you!
The Great Irish Links Challenge @Trump_Ireland &amp; Lahinch Golf Club is coming this June. Don’t miss it.  #Doonbeg
The New York Times and a third rate reporter named Maggie Habberman known as a Crooked H flunkie who I don’t speak to and have nothing to do with are going out of their way to destroy Michael Cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will “flip.” They use....
If Ted Cruz is so opposed to gay marriage why did he accept money from people who espouse gay marriage?
“I’m proud of the President today to hear that he is declaring victory in Syria.” Senator Rand Paul.  “I couldn’t agree more with the presidents decision. By definition this is the opposite of an Obama decision. Senator Mike Lee
“The witness was asked at least 20 times and there definitely was no Quid Pro Quo.”  @RepMarkMeadows @FoxNews  Their whole case was built around this now they no longer mention!
Such a sad and pathetic fall for @CNN and Jeff Z! 
Polling shows nearly 7 in 10 Americans support an immigration reform package that includes DACA fully secures the border ends chain migration &amp; cancels the visa lottery. If D’s oppose this deal they aren’t serious about DACA-they just want open borders. 
....agricultural products from our Great Farmers in larger amounts than China ever did and ship it to poor &amp; starving countries in the form of humanitarian assistance. In the meantime we will continue to negotiate with China in the hopes that they do not again try to redo deal!
“This guy (Peter Strzok) was organizing a coup to undo the 2016 election.” Rachel Campos-Duffy  @FoxNews  And he wasn’t the only one in that Administration. The greatest Witch Hunt in American history!
What is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order and the protection of innocent lives.#Charlottesville 
...Who says the death penalty is not a deterrent?
My wife Melania will be on @Morning_Joe  tomorrow morning at 8:00. Interviewed by @morningmika - Enjoy!
How much is South Korea paying the U.S. for protection against North Korea???? NOTHING!
While Security spending was somewhat more than his predecessor Scott Pruitt has received death threats because of his bold actions at EPA. Record clean Air &amp; Water while saving USA Billions of Dollars. Rent was about market rate travel expenses OK. Scott is doing a great job!
Eventually but at a later date so we can get started early Mexico will be paying in some form for the badly needed border wall.
In the heart of the city Trump International Toronto is the city's most elite property   True luxury at its finest.
Sleepy Joe Biden also said that guns killed 150 million Americans last year wants to win Georgia on Super Tuesday (not up) and got his speaking location wrong again! 
As the great people of IA IL &amp; MO continue to confront the devastating flooding know we are here for you and ready to help! My team remains in close contact with @IAGovernor @GovParsonMO @GovPritzker and the local officials managing the impacts of the destructive flooding.
.@MattForMontana Rosendale is a Strong &amp; Conservative fighter for Montana. Matt stands w/ our Brave Veterans Loves our Military and he will continue working to Secure our Border. Matt will NEVER let our #2A go unprotected. Matt has my Total Endorsement! 
Great playing by @TigerWoods (at the) @TheMasters. Tomorrow will be a big and exciting day for golf and for sports. Many fantastic players in the hunt. Ratings Gold - Good luck to all!
You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history - led by some very bad and conflicted people!  #MAGA
“The speed bump has been missteps by the Federal Reserve.” @CharlesPayne2nd  @foxandfriends  So true!
To @TigerWoods  He is truly a great champion and we were honored to have him at Trump National Doral. @DoralResort #Trump
I am truly enjoying myself while running for president. The people of our country are amazing - great numbers on November 8th!
.@IvankaTrump and me at the @todayshow this morning. 
3.  You should tweet your pick for MVP using the celebrity’s name followed by the hashtag #CelebApprenticeMVP.
S&amp;P closes at Record High! 
DAMAC Properties   @DamacOfficial @realDonaldTrump Looking forward to welcoming you to Dubai! Have a great trip!  Thank you!
Via @Reuters by @sumeet_chat: “Donald Trump plans investment in India betting on Modi government” 
The New York Giants are looking really bad so far tonight. Does not get much worse than this!
When I became President ISIS was out of control in Syria &amp; running rampant. Since then tremendous progress made especially over last 5 weeks. Caliphate will soon be destroyed unthinkable two years ago. Negotiating are proceeding well in Afghanistan after 18 years of fighting..
Big election tomorrow in the Great State of Alabama. Vote for Senator Luther Strange tough on crime &amp; border - will never let you down!
Great rally in Fresno California- great crowd! Thank you! #Trump2016 
JOBS JOBS JOBS! Unemployment claims have fallen to a 45-year low. Together we are making the economy great again! 
Entrepreneurs: What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard and then establish it.
Congratulations to France who played extraordinary soccer on winning the 2018 World Cup. Additionally congratulations to President Putin and Russia for putting on a truly great World Cup Tournament -- one of the best ever!
The police in London say I’m right. Major article in Daily Mail. “We can’t wear uniform in our own cars.”  
Just toured Baton Rouge Louisiana - GREAT PEOPLE fantastic place doing really well. Miss USA Pageant totally sold out.Tomorrow night NBC
Just had a very good call with President @RTErdogan of Turkey. He informed me that they have captured numerous ISIS fighters that were reported to have escaped during the conflict – including a wife and sister of terrorist killer al Baghdadi….
I will be on @meetthepress this morning at various times across the U.S. @NBCNews  Enjoy!
Via @USNewsTravel: “Best New York City Hotels: @TrumpNewYork” 
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation @CBSNews at 10:30 A.M. Should be interesting - ENJOY!
Congratulations to @edhenry and his sister on a great success. What a wonderful thing to do!
On June 22- I will be going to Scotland to celebrate the opening of the newly renovated @TrumpTurnberry Resort the worlds best.
Saudi Arabia and Russia are arguing over the price and flow of oil. That and the Fake News is the reason for the market drop!
“Department of Justice will not be improperly influenced by political considerations.” Jeff this is GREAT what everyone wants so look into all of the corruption on the “other side” including deleted Emails Comey lies &amp; leaks Mueller conflicts McCabe Strzok Page Ohr......
It is time for DC to protect the American worker not grant amnesty to illegals. Let’s Make America Great Again! 
Firing Bret was a tough one for me-but Omarosa doesn't seem to mind.
The Trump Organization continues to expand internationally at a record pace. Many new announcements to come soon.
....Congress – House and Senate must quickly pass a legislative fix to ensure violent criminal aliens can be removed from our society. Keep America Safe!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016  
Today there were terror attacks in Turkey Switzerland and Germany - and it is only getting worse. The civilized world must change thinking!
.@AJDelgado13 Thank you so much for the nice words and support--really enjoy listening to your ideas and thoughts.
Florida Power &amp; Light has disgusting rotting utility poles outside Doral in Miami. They should put in new ones or will be sued.
If only @Obama was as focused on balancing the budget as he is on weakening Israel's borders then America would be on the path to solvency.
All based on NOTHING! The Dems can’t get anything positive done and probably don’t want to. 
Are you a young professional getting ready for a big meeting? Pick up a #Trump suit @Macys   Look your best!
Jay Leno and his people are constantly calling me to go on his show. My answer is always no because his show sucks. They love my ratings!
Because Nancy’s teeth were falling out of her mouth and she didn’t have time to think! 

Will be interviewed by @ainsleyearhardt on @foxandfriends - Enjoy!
...to stop drugs they want to take money away from our military which we cannot do.” My standard is very simple AMERICA FIRST &amp; MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Venezuela should allow Leopoldo Lopez a political prisoner &amp; husband of @liliantintori (just met w/ @marcorubio) o… 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Such a disgrace at the once great @nytimes! 
and yet another ...all of them are spectacular.  
.@FrankLuntz is a low class slob who came to my office looking for consulting work and I had zero interest. Now he picks anti-Trump panels!
My thoughts on @barackobama's campaign.... 
Via @RedState by @EWErickson: “Always Play On Offense” 
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to solve the problems of poverty education and safety within the African-American &amp; Hispanic communities
...John is strong on crime and borders loves our Military our Vets and our Second Amendment. He will be a star. He has my full and total Endorsement!
As I have long been saying and has now been proven out this is a Witch Hunt against the Republican Party and myself and it was the other side that caused the problem not us!
Golf is a brain game &amp; is a great way to improve your business skills. Concentrationassessment technique &amp; passion...it's all there.
N.Y. City is paying FORTY MILLION DOLLARS to five men that many think are guilty as hell. So many facts -  should have been trial. Politics!
President Obama and other world leaders don't know how close they were to being seriously injured (or worse) standing next to psycho in  SA.
.@limbaugh is right. Watergate is much different than Benghazi. No one died in Watergate.
I know it has been many years since our country made great deals but isn't it about time we start right now. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Let this be the day you go for your dream. Focus don't give up and only accept total and complete victory. You can do it!
Stock market hits new high with longest winning streak in decades. Great level of confidence and optimism - even before tax plan rollout!
When you’re in a fight with a bully always throw the first punch—and don’t telegraph it—hit hard &amp; hit fast!
Because Obama was so pathetic in the first debate tonight's audience will be humongous--people want to see if he is for real.
..... He knows I don’t respect him.
I have long given the order to help Argentina with the Search and Rescue mission of their missing submarine. 45 people aboard and not much time left. May God be with them and the people of Argentina!
Gallup Poll numbers on the handling of this situation are outstanding the best. Thank you! 
Via @Newsmax_Media by @melaniebatley: “Trump-Backed Candidate @leezeldin Wins NY GOP Primary” 
.@JayObernolte of California is running for Congress in 2020. Jay will help me to continue securing the Southern Border he Loves our GREAT Law Enforcement Officers Military Vets and he will protect your #2A. Jay has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
It was a really great day for America! A special evening tonight on @TuckerCarlson @seanhannity  &amp; @IngrahamAngle Will be very interesting!
We love our Law Enforcement Officers all around this great Country. What took place in NYC with water being tossed on NYPD officers was a total disgrace. It is time for @NYCMayor @BilldeBlasio to STAND UP for those who protect our lives and serve us all so well...
....Our Republican candidate @EddieRispone is a successful conservative businessman who will stand with me to create jobs and protect your Second Amendment. GET OUT AND VOTE for Eddie the next Governor of the GREAT State of Louisiana!
I will be watching @AlanDersh on @IngrahamAngle at 10:00 P.M. He speaks the truth!
The Democrat Governor.of Minnesota said "The Affordable Care Act (ObamaCare) is no longer affordable!" - And it is lousy healthcare.
....We can’t have a system where we run our entire economy for the benefit of other countries which have long charged us big tariffs. Don’t keep ducking the reality. The U.S. has been subject to Tariff Terrorism for 50 years. But a real deal can be done.” Sam Zell @joekernencnbc
Ex-FBI LAYER Lisa Page today defied a House of Representatives issued Subpoena to testify before Congress! Wow but is anybody really surprised!  Together with her lover FBI Agent Peter Strzok she worked on the Rigged Witch Hunt perhaps the most tainted and corrupt case EVER!
Dishonest @nytimes reporter Jonathan Martin refused to acknowledge massive crowd surge forward… 

After 14 years U.S. beef hits Chinese market. Trade deal an exciting opportunity for agriculture. 
.....The Dems want a second shot at Bob Mueller are very unhappy with the No Collusion Report. They should not be allowed to play this game any longer - no second chances - must get back to work. So bad for our Country!
Sadly it took a hit &amp; run auto accident to make us aware of who our Secretary of Commerce is--and such an important position!
Build your products in the United States and there are NO TARIFFS!
Via @Suntimes: "Trump wins at trial calls woman suing him 'horrible human being'" 
The Impeachment Scam is driving Republican Poll Numbers UP UP UP! Thank you Shifty.
Despite two years and millions of dollars spent the Democrats are acting like crazed lunatics ever since the results of the Mueller Report were made public. But they knew there was NOTHING even before the Report was started. It is all a big Hoax the biggest in American history!
ObamaCare Horror Story: “Navigators Tell Applicants To Lie Like Administration”  @JamesOKeefeIII strikes again!
Thank you to everyone for all of the great reviews I have gotten on my State of the Union Speech. It was an immense honor for me to have presented it to you and the citizens of our very strong and wonderful Country!
....Remember it was Little Jeff Z and his people who are told exactly what to say who said I could not win the election in that “there was no way to 270” (over &amp; over again) in the Electoral College. I got 306! They were sooooo wrong in their election coverage. Still hurting!
Global warming has been proven to be a canard repeatedly over and over again.   The left needs a dose of reality.
Thank you for all of the really nice comments and reviews concerning my speech today at the National Press Club. It was my great honor!
Amazing! 
The Media is “Fixed” and Corrupt. It bears no relationship to the truth. The @nytimes &amp; @washingtonpost are pure fiction. Totally dishonest reporting!
The UN is about to use its Assembly to attack @Israel. We should defund the UN entirely if they can't act resp… (cont) 
Fake News has it purposely wrong. Many over ten are vying for and wanting the White House Chief of Staff position. Why wouldn’t someone want one of the truly great and meaningful jobs in Washington. Please report news correctly. Thank you!
It was an honor to host our American heroes from the @WWP #SoldierRideDC at the @WhiteHouse today with @FLOTUS @VP… 
Get out and VOTE tomorrow! We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #CTPrimary #DEPrimary #MDPrimary #PAPrimary #
Like her or not Hillary did what she had to do in the debate last night—get through it. Her opponents were very gentle and soft!
Good luck to Derek on his operation. I know it will be a success--- he is a great champion.
“Talent wins games but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.” – Michael Jordan @Jumpman23
NO MERCY TO TERRORISTS you dumb bastards!
Honestly whether you're for or against ObamaCare the 635 million dollar website fiasco is bad for the U.S. It makes us look totally inept!
“With the Tax Cuts and new Trade Deals we were set for a tremendous growth rate this year.... and then the Virus came along.” @larry_kudlow  @MariaBartiromo We were breaking all records especially on employment. It will all come roaring back again and fast!
“90% of Trump 2017 news coverage was negative” -and much of it contrived!@foxandfriends
I will be using Facebook and Twitter to expose dishonest lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. A record no-show in Senate he is scamming Florida
Just completed call with President Moon of South Korea. Very happy and impressed with 15-0 United Nations vote on North Korea sanctions.
Corey Lewandowski Senior Political Adviser:  "Mr.Trump has the vision and leadership skills to bring our country back to greatness."
Is it true the DNC would not allow the FBI access to check server or other equipment after learning it was hacked? Can that be possible?
Join me this Friday in Pensacola Florida at the Pensacola Bay Center! Tickets:  
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Denmark Lars Løkke Rasmussen {@larsloekke} to the @WhiteHouse yes… 
Wow  I never saw the Petraeus thing coming. A straight laced guy! Very sad for him and his family.
“I also protect myself by being flexible.  I never get too attached to one deal or one approach.” – THE ART OF THE DEAL
Was just briefed on the shooting at YouTube’s HQ in San Bruno California. Our thoughts and prayers are with everybody involved. Thank you to our phenomenal Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders that are currently on the scene.
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. 
.@BarackObama is begging the Eurozone to keep Greece in until after 11.6.12. He thinks the world revolves around his re-election.
Via the New York Times 
We want our companies to hire &amp; grow in AMERICA to raise wages for AMERICAN workers &amp; to help rebuild our AMERICAN cities &amp; towns! #USA🇺🇸 
SOCIAL DISTANCING! 
Despite a Federal Reserve that doesn’t know what it is doing - raised rates far too fast (very low inflation other parts of world slowing lowering &amp; easing) &amp; did large scale tightening $50 Billion/month we are on course to have one of the best Months of June in US history...
Why would Ohio listen to Bruce Springsteen reading his lines? Be careful or I will go to Ohio and @MittRomney will win it!
Sanctuary Cities released at least 142 Gang Members across the United States making it easy for them to commit all forms of violent crimes where none would have existed. We are doing a great job of law enforcement but things such as this make safety in America difficult!
Just fired Agent Strzok formerly of the FBI was in charge of the Crooked Hillary Clinton sham investigation. It was a total fraud on the American public and should be properly redone!
Remember Obama limped across the finish line--he should have lost to Hillary. Be careful!
We must protect our Great Lakes keeping them clean and beautiful for future generations. That’s why I am fighting for $300 million in my updated budget for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative.
Yes!!!!! 
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower Chicago has won many awards &amp; accolades as has Sixteen its signature restaurant.  
Daily Caller: Trump Surpasses Field Flirts With 40 Percent in Alabama Poll 
Media desperate to distract from Clinton's anti-2A stance. I said pro-2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution!
.@FrankLuntz knows nothing about me or my religion. Came to my office looking for work. I had NO interest. I will save the vets!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I was nice to loser @rosie and she attacked me--it just shows never let up with a bully. They only fade when you hit them hard!
Ugly industrial wind turbines are ruining the beauty of parts of the country--and have inefficient unreliable energy to boot.
Thank you @BrentBozell --- As you know I have been saying this for a long time 
Senator Tom Cotton was great on Meet the Press yesterday. Despite a totally one-sided interview by Chuck Todd the end result was solid!
Do these very stupid politicians who got us involved in Iraq look bad or what? Everybody wants their oil - only made possible by U.S.!
What a coincidence?! @BarackObama's campaign logo uses the same font as Cuban communist propaganda posters. 
So true but it will never work! 
Every penny of the $7 billion going to Africa as per Obama will be stolen - corruption is rampant!
My son Don will be giving the Keynote Address at The Investment Show in Sandton South Africa on Dec. 1. He's an (cont) 
We cannot let this evil continue! #Debates2016 

Merry Christmas and a very very very  very Happy New Year to everyone!
Congratulations to Dan Bishop on his big Republican Primary victory in the 9th Congressional District of North Carolina. Dan is strong on Crime Loves our Military Vets 2A and great Healthcare. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MAGA
....our great police are being disrespected even with water dumped on them because a Mayor and Governor just don’t “have their backs.” New York’s Finest must be cherished respected and loved. Too many prople are leaving our special New York. Great leaders would work....
Polls close but can you believe I lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events THAT NEVER HAPPENED. Media rigging election!
93% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
The United States will not allow other countries to impose massive Tariffs and Trade Barriers on its farmers workers and companies. While sending their product into our country tax free. We have put up with Trade Abuse for many decades — and that is long enough.
Thank you Worcester Massachusetts!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016  
My comment last March - “Anthony Weiner is a sick pervert you think he will change? He will never change.” 
Getting ready to pay final respect to GREAT LADY Joan Rivers. She could light up a room like no other! She will be greatly missed.
“The problem is that we have a president who is more concerned with pursuing some sort of bizarre ideological (cont) 
Democrats are now the party of high taxes high crime open borders late-term abortion socialism and blatant corruption. The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker the American Family and the American Dream! #TrumpMilwaukeeRally 
China is very much the economic lifeline to North Korea so while nothing is easy if they want to solve the North Korean problem they will
The Bay Bridge in San Francisco is being built by the Chinese--tremendous cost overruns. A total mess. We should build our own bridges etc
.@BrucePoliquin from Maine is a great Congressman. He is in a tough fight against a very liberal Nancy Pelosi Democrat. Bruce has helped bring JOBS back to his State and totally protects your Great Second Amendment. We need to keep Bruce in Washington. He has my Full Endorsement!
Dr. Sebastian Gorka a very good and talented guy has a great new book just out “Why We Fight.” Lots of insight - Enjoy!
.@dennisrodman looks like he really cleaned up his act.
July U.S. construction had biggest drop in 12months. Bad indicator on economic numbers for rest of the year.
Because of me the Republican Party has taken in millions of new voters a record. If they are not careful they will all leave. Sad!
Twitter will soon be irrelevant if lowlifes are so easily able to hack into accounts.
No matter what you give to the Democrats in the end they will NEVER be satisfied. In the House they gave us NOTHING!
I am at Trump National Doral-best resort in U.S. Rory and Adam Scott are doing great! Watch on NBC at 3:00 P.M.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
It's Tuesday. @AGSchneiderman is wearing Revlon eyeliner today. Governor Cuomo alerted all to this.
My campaign for president is $35000000 under budget I have spent very little (and am in 1st place).Now I will spend big in Iowa/N.H./S.C.
Entrepreneurs: Do not go where the path may lead go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Kim Strassel of the WSJ just said after reviewing the dumb Comey Memos “you got to ask what was the purpose of the Special Counsel? There’s no there there.” Dan Henninger of the WSJ said Memos would show that this would be one of the weakest obstruction cases ever brought!
AN AMERICA FIRST ENERGY PLAN#MakeAmericaGreatAgain # 
Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  

The Fake News Media is doing everything possible to stir up and anger the pols and as many people as possible seldom mentioning the fact that the Mueller Report had as its principle conclusion the fact that there was NO COLLUSION WITH RUSSIA. The Russia Hoax is dead!
So sad to see what is happening in New York where Governor Cuomo &amp;  Mayor DeBlasio are letting out 900 Criminals some hardened &amp; bad onto the sidewalks of our rapidly declining because of them city. The Radical Left Dems are killing our cities. NYPD Commissioner is resigning!
Trump Was Right: 'Obama's America' Tops 2012 Documentaries    via @Newsmax_Media
Only 88000 jobs were added this past March. Prediction was 190000. Businesses can’t expand with Obama Care &amp; high taxes on horizon.
What a year it’s been and we're just getting started. Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Happy New Year!! 
THE LAST THING THIS COUNTRY NEEDS IS ANOTHER BUSH!

After watching all about the horror story that is A-Rod I realized again that it is time to let Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame!
Via @USATODAY- "Amateur hour with the Iran nuclear deal" 
The reporter who pulled-back from his 14 year old never retracted story is having fun. I don't know what he looks like and don't know him!
Thank you John Nolte for wonderful analysis &amp; reporting.
Just watching NBC News where our potential attack is being detailed-the exact ships the stealth bombers the destinations-so ridiculous!
Via @DailyCaller by @rpollockDC: “NYC Mayor Action Against Donald Trump Is ‘Not the American Way’” 
I like doing this once a month for the haters &amp; losers (and as they know)-I don't wear a "wig". Some may not like my hairstyle but all mine
Will be on @CNBC at @7:22. Enjoy!
Thanks for all the great comments on all my recent interviews.  Much appreciated.
“Pledge to America’s Workers” 
Great job Heather! 
The amazing Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles. 
Wow my campaign is hearing from more and more Bernie supporters that they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary. She sold them out V.P. pick!
GREAT NEWS! #MAGA #KAG 
With an elite course designed by @SharkGregNorman @Trump_Charlotte is North Carolina’s most desirable club 
....that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care.
.@AGSchneiderman must take a drug test immediately—make results public. NY Attorney General cannot be a cokehead.
.@MeghanMcCain was terrible on @TheFive yesterday. Angry and obnoxious she will never make it on T.V. @FoxNews can do so much better!
Is this the New York that Ted Cruz is talking about &amp; demeaning? 
Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't no one else will either.
Nancy Reagan the wife of a truly great President was an amazing woman. She will be missed!
On my way to Milwaukee Wisconsin for a #TrumpRally. Look forward to see you all soon! 
“Donald Trump to crown @FIU as Miss Universe venue”  via @MiamiHerald
Opening for the 2014 season soon the National Register landmark Mar-a-Lago Club is the crown jewel of Palm Beach 
I am running against the Washington insiders just like I did in the Republican Primaries. These are the people that have made U.S. a mess!
The United States Secret Service Deputy Assistant Director Anthony Ornato will become my new Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations. I have worked with Tony for 3 years - he will do a fantastic job! Thank you to Dan Walsh for his great service and congratulations to Tony!
The Democrat memo response on government surveillance abuses is a total political and legal BUST. Just confirms all of the terrible things that were done. SO ILLEGAL!
Stay tuned for my big Obama announcement--- probably on Wednesday. 

Just met John James of Michigan. He has every single quality to be your next Great Senator from Michigan. When the people of Michigan get to know John they will say he is a true star. Also distinguished Military and a Combat Vet! 
The Federal Reserve must be a leader not a very late follower which it has been!
Black Lives Matter protesters totally disrupt Hillary Clinton event. She looked lost. This is not what we need with ISIS CHINA RUSSIA etc.
Really big crowd expected tomorrow morning at # CPAC2013. I look forward to it!
Leaving now for New Hampshire. Big crowd- looking forward to it! #FITN
More text messages between former FBI employees Peter Strzok and Lisa Page are a disaster and embarrassment to the FBI &amp; DOJ. This should never have happened but we are learning more and more by the hour. “Others were leaking like mad” in order to get the President! ........
I didn’t call Bob Costa of the Washington Post he called me (Returned his call)!  Just more Fake News.
Great going Daniel proud of you! 
Rep. Devin Nunes Files $250M Defamation Lawsuit Against Twitter Two Anonymous Twitter Accounts  via @thedailybeast
Why the nation's debt keeps growing - a Dept of Agriculture employee made over $242K with a $63K bonus    Ridiculous.
Once again Obama fails to classify China as a currency manipulator. He just helped China steal even more jobs and money from us.
Prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son @EricTrump! Very proud of you! 
“You should always feel comfortable bargaining for goods and services. I do it all the time.” – Think Like a Billionaire
How does a dummy like @billmaher get a television show--&amp; his ratings stink. You'd think @HBO could do a lot better.
Join me in Clive Iowa tomorrow at noon! #AmericaFirst #MAGATickets:  
Democrats going back to their Districts for Thanksgiving are getting absolutely hammered by their constituents over the phony Impeachment Scam. Republicans will have a great #2020 Election!
Today in Alaska it was my great honor to visit with our brave men and women of the United States Military at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson. We are forever grateful for their service and sacrifice. THANK YOU! 
I am in the process of interviewing some really great people for the position of White House Chief of Staff. Fake News has been saying with certainty it was Nick Ayers a spectacular person who will always be with our #MAGA agenda. I will be making a decision soon!
The Democrats are lucky that they don’t have any Mitt Romney types. They may be lousy politicians with really bad policies (Open Borders Sanctuary Cities etc.) but they stick together!
My son Donald did a good job last night. He was open transparent and innocent. This is the greatest Witch Hunt in political history. Sad!
Entrepreneurs: Realize that becoming an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge. Everything starts with you.
We left Iraq and it is quickly falling apart--what a waste of lives and money--and so obvious.
Because I will be busy doing anything other than being in the movie #RoadHard. 
Iran is closing the Strait of Hormuz for a military exercise. Imagine what they will do with nukes?!
Young campus Conservatives are flocking to Turning Point USA &amp; other Conservative speaker events all over the Country AND IN RECORD NUMBERS. Thousands of students are turning out. “I just want to compliment the President of the United States for signing that historic Executive..
.@Lord_Sugar  If you think ugly windmills are good for Scotland you are an even worse businessman than I thought...
Congratulations to @SteveKingIA and his team on running a great campaign. Steve is a strong leader in the House.
Our Justice Department must not let Awan &amp; Debbie Wasserman Schultz off the hook. The Democrat I.T. scandal is a key to much of the corruption we see today. They want to make a “plea deal” to hide what is on their Server. Where is Server? Really bad!
The most luxurious hotel in downtown Manhattan @TrumpSoHo is a top destination 
Give your goals substance. Imbue them with a value that exceeds the monetary. Make them count on as many levels as you can.

Republicans are fighting for citizens from every background &amp; from every race religion color &amp; creed. We are a movement for ALL AMERICANS who believe in fairness &amp; justice equality &amp; dignity opportunity &amp; safety. We are a big tent &amp; a big party w/ BIG IDEAS for the future! 
My interview with @jheil &amp; @MarkHalperin at @WollmanRink airing at 5PM on @bpolitics. 
Excited to keynote of the sold-out Pottawattamie County Republican Party Lincoln/Reagan Dinner tonight!  Leaving now!
“Schiff aides worked with Whistleblower.” @foxandfriends  @RepLeeZeldin  Schiff is a lying mess!
“Fortunately for a quarterback you can play for a long time because you don't get hit very often.” – Tom Brady @SuperBowl @Patriots
Great to have our incredible First Lady back home in the White House. Melanie is feeling and doing really well. Thank you for all of your prayers and best wishes!
Her instincts are suboptimal.
Success comes with hard work focus and luck. The luck comes to those who seek it out. If you are not in the game you cannot get lucky.
Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal!
He @newtgingrich is sounding more and more like a real team player...he is a really good guy!
.@realDonaldTrump will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years! #Debate… 
Democrats want Open Borders and Crime! So dangerous for our Country. But we are building a big beautiful NEW Wall! I will protect America the Dems don’t know where to start! 
He @BarackObama should not be trying to intimidate the USC justices on ObamaCare. He is worried because SG (cont) 
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain 
China is going to complete 59 new theme parks by 2020 over $23B in expansion. That would take over 100 years in our country.
Rep Elijah Cummings has been a brutal bully shouting and screaming at the great men &amp; women of Border Patrol about conditions at the Southern Border when actually his Baltimore district is FAR WORSE and more dangerous. His district is considered the Worst in the USA......
Remembering the fallen heroes on #DDay - June 6 1944. 
The Trump Organization Finalizes Purchase of Legendary Turnberry Resort in Scotland. 
.@Linda_McMahon is an elite businesswoman who will bring a great outlook to DC. Support her campaign here 
When the stupid people start feeling sorry for the Boston killer and want to release him and give him medals remember the killings-maimings
This was the reporters statement- when she found out there was tape from my facility she changed her tune. 
It’s Friday. How many millions has the White House wasted on the ObamaCare website today?
especially how to get people even with an unlimited budget out to vote in the vital swing states ( and more). They focused on wrong states
The 48000 sq. ft. Spa @TrumpDoral boasts 33 treatment rooms and over 100 signature spa services and treatments 
Mr. Trump removing the broken teleprompter in North Carolina-in front of a massive crowd. He goes on&amp;delivers the b… 
The New York Times is an embarrassment to journalism. They were a dead paper before I went into politics and they will be a dead paper after I leave which will be in 5 years. Fake News is the Enemy of the people!
Photo from a recent episode of @ApprenticeNBC - saying those two famous words! 
.@ConradMBlack what an honor to read your piece. As one of the truly great intellects &amp; my friend I won't forget! 
Getting rdy to leave for France @ the invitation of President Macron to celebrate &amp; honor Bastille Day and 100yrs since U.S. entry into WWI.
I started this campaign to Make America Great Again. That’s what I’m going to do. #MAGA #debate
Maria is Great! 
Wow television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the Inauguration 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago!
Thank you so much. Earnest must have been a great person.  
Rapper Mac Miller's song "Donald Trump" has reached close to 72 million hits. He owes me big!
All signs are that business is looking really good for next year only to be helped further by our Tax Cut Bill. Will be a great year for Companies and JOBS! Stock Market is poised for another year of SUCCESS!
Watch to see the new cast of @ApprenticeNBC- 
This afternoon I'll be speaking with Neil Cavuto on Your World with Neil Cavuto 4 p.m. on FOX News.
Obamacare has to be killed now before it grows into an even bigger mess as it inevitably will. #TimeToGetTough
I look forward to working w/ D's + R's in Congress to address immigration reform in a way that puts hardworking citizens of our country 1st.
Looking forward to my @theFAMiLYLEADER summit visit and speech.
Thank you to Rick Scott. This Impeachment Hoax is an outrage! 
Why aren’t the 13 Angry and heavily conflicted Democrats investigating the totally Crooked Campaign of totally Crooked Hillary Clinton. It’s a Rigged Witch Hunt that’s why! Ask them if they enjoyed her after election celebration!
It is time to take back our country- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#CaucusForTrump Video:  
Why has nobody asked Kaine about the horrible views emanated on WikiLeaks about Catholics? Media in the tank for Clinton but Trump will win!
Trump Tycoon App for iPhone & iPod Touch - It's $2.99 but the advice is priceless! 
Just as I predicted people are going to be shocked by the rise in premium prices thanks to Obama Care   Enjoy!
I hope the people over at the Fed will read today’s Wall Street Journal Editorial before they make yet another mistake. Also don’t let the market become any more illiquid than it already is. Stop with the 50 B’s. Feel the market don’t just go by meaningless numbers. Good luck!
Today is Donald Trump's Birthday! Send him your B'day wishes here: 
Better off? The $16T US debt works out to $136260 per household a 50% increase since @BarackObama took office.
Only a grossly incompetent government led by an equally incompetent president could have made the terrible trade for Bergdahl. #OrangeRoom
.@HillaryClinton is on the front page of the @nytimes waving to 200 people in New Hampshire. My crowd next door was 5000 people – no pic!
Debate was somewhat hard to watch last night. Viewership will be way down.
I will miss @Letterman &amp; doing his show. He was always intriguing &amp; smart. You never knew what would happen --  but he was fair!
CHILD CARE REFORMS THAT WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Transcript:  
Democrats mistakenly tweet 2014 pictures from Obama’s term showing children from the Border in steel cages. They thought it was recent pictures in order to make us look bad but backfires. Dems must agree to Wall and new Border Protection for good of country...Bipartisan Bill!
Sirius National News at 7:30 A.M. Steve Bannon. @BreitbartNews
I'm in Scotland to open what we hope to be the greatest golf course in the world--- it's amazing.
The mainstream media has refused to cover the fact that the head of the VERY important Senate Intelligence Committee after two years of intensive study and access to Intelligence that only they could get just stated that they have found NO COLLUSION between “Trump” &amp; Russia....
Heading to Joint Base Andrews on #MarineOne with Prime Minister Shinzō earlier today. 
There is. 
Weekly Address-  
.@THEGaryBusey feels he’s been abandoned by his team. Do you think so? #CelebApprentice
.@transition2017 update and policy plans for the first 100 days. 
Join us live in the Oval Office for the swearing in of our new Attorney General @SenatorSessions!LIVE:… 
The World is falling apart around us but we don't have people who know how to play the game. The U.S. is in big trouble - no leadership!
Great job tonight on @FoxNews Tony. I am with you all the way! Make America Great Again  @tperkins
Even the SEALS who killed Bin Laden don't like @JoeBiden  
THANK YOU! #MAGA 
LIVE on #Periscope: Live with the Donald 
Look at the editorial I was just sent from the NY Post on 9/14/01 - 3 days after collapse of WTC. Any apologies? 
Once ObamaCare is fully enacted in NY conveniently after 2014 expect higher premiums bigger deductibles &amp; worse care. Job killer!
I hope Washington makes a good deal to avert the fiscal cliff.  Both sides need to work together.
A record 46.68M Americans are now on food stamps   Four more years?
Via @Newsmax_Media: Maher Being Sued by Trump Over Birth Certificate Bet on 'Tonight Show' 
Yankees can win today. Kuroda is a highly underrated pitcher.
THANK YOU Las Vegas Nevada! I was delighted to be back in a state I love with proud hardworking PATRIOTS. With your help this November we are going to defeat the Radical Socialist Democrats and we are going to win Nevada in a landslide! #KAG2020 
“Every poll you look at shows that Black support for President Trump is growing.” @RealCandaceO @MariaBartiromo
Entrepreneurs: Keep your eyes on your ideals as well as reality. Accentuate the positive without being blind to the negative.
Together we will show the world that the forces of destruction and extremism are NO MATCH for the BLESSINGS of PROSPERITY and PEACE! 
I will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton.
The Roger Stone report on @CNN is false - Fake News. Have not spoken to Roger in a long time - had nothing to do with my decision.
Get out and vote West Virginia we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Congratulations to Boris Johnson on becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. He will be great!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
“To keep your goals alive you must take action every day. No one should care about your money and success more than you do.” -- Think Big

My latest Celebrity Apprentice video blog... 
I see Schumer is already criticizing my State of the Union speech even though he hasn’t seen it yet. He’s just upset that he didn’t win the Senate after spending a fortune like he thought he would. Too bad we weren’t given more credit for the Senate win by the media!
My appearance on @foxandfriends from today.... 
Article from The Street--The Donald's Trump Card: Himself 
Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack. --Sun Tzu
THE CHOICE IS CLEAR!#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
The entire world understands that the good people of Iran want change and other than the vast military power of the United States that Iran’s people are what their leaders fear the most.... 
.@RichLowry is truly one of the dumbest of the talking  heads - he doesn't have a clue!
Very importantly @RepDanDonovan will win for the Republicans in November...and his opponent will not. Remember Alabama. We can’t take any chances on losing to a Nancy Pelosi controlled Democrat!
The Massive Tax Cuts which the Fake News Media is desperate to write badly about so as to please their Democrat bosses will soon be kicking in and will speak for themselves. Companies are already making big payments to workers. Dems want to raise taxes hate these big Cuts!

We’ve just set a new goal: raise $4 million from our grassroots supporters by MIDNIGHT!  
Thanks Eric. 
“There is no evidence of a crime.” Robert Charles Fmr Asst Secy of State. The crimes were committed by the other side!
DRAIN THE SWAMP!
Al Sharpton said they are "even making it more harder to register people to vote". Which is worse his grammar or his thoughts?
As President I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU the American people! 
Congratulations to Tom Brady @Patriots -- he is a great quarterback and a great champion!
John Roberts arrived in Malta yesterday.  Maybe we will get lucky and he will stay there.
15 DAYS TO SLOW THE SPREAD! 
....and the DOJ FBI and Obama Gang need to be held to account. Source #1 was the major source. Avoided talking about it being the Clinton campaign behind it. Misled the Court to provide a pretext to SPY on the Trump Team. Not about Carter Page..was all about getting Trump.....
Great deal for USA! 
Wow 25 degrees below zero record cold and snow spell. Global warming anyone?
As stated here is the press release. 
Because of the Democrats intransigence on Border Security and the great importance of Safety for our Nation I am respectfully cancelling my very important trip to Davos Switzerland for the World Economic Forum. My warmest regards and apologies to the @WEF!
Former Senator Harry Reid (he got thrown out) is working hard to put a good spin on his failed career. He led through lies and deception only to be replaced by another beauty Cryin’ Chuck Schumer. Some things just never change!
Thank you Rep. Collins! #Trump2016 
... to build a wind farm and destroy this view!
Congratulations to Sleepy Joe Biden!
We are doing very well with China and talking!
The only people that don’t like my conversation with the new Ukrainian President are those that heard Rep. Adam Schiff read a made up and totally fraudulent statement to the House and public words that I did not say but that he fabricated (&amp; admitted to this fabrication). Sick!
.@timkaine is the ANTI-DEFENSE SENATOR. #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth 
Starting the long overdue pullout from Syria while hitting the little remaining ISIS territorial caliphate hard and from many directions. Will attack again from existing nearby base if it reforms. Will devastate Turkey economically if they hit Kurds. Create 20 mile safe zone....
Crowd is booing the hell out of that phony decision - place is angry and going wild. Fight was not even close! DISGUSTING.

.....But we are winning big and they will soon be on our turf.
I look forward to my press conference @TrumpTurnberry Scotland this Wednesday--lots of great people attending.
....Based on the comments made by Senator Schumer he must have seen how dangerous &amp; bad for our Country the Border is. It is not a “manufactured crisis” as the Fake News Media &amp; their Democrat partners tried to portray. He said he wants to meet. I will set up a meeting ASAP!
Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn't these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly.
See you tomorrow w/ Gov. @Mike_Pence Iowa &amp; Wisconsin! 3pm-   
On my way to Richmond Kentucky for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally at 7:00pmE. The crowds are once again massive. See everyone in a couple of hours! #MAGA  
“Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see.” – Arthur Schopenhauer
My @gretawire interview discussing @MittRomney debate responses Obama's hidden records my tweets and unemployment  
.....”no pressure” put on him to investigate Sleepy Joe Biden even though as President I have an “obligation” to look into corruption and Biden’s actions on tape about firing the prosecutor and his son’s taking millions of dollars with no knowledge or talent from a.....
Corrupt politician Adam Schiff wants people from the White House to testify in his and Pelosi’s disgraceful Witch Hunt yet he will not allow a White House lawyer nor will he allow ANY of our requested witnesses. This is a first in due process and Congressional history!
Rapper @MacMiller's song "Donald Trump" now has 57 million hits--- I created another star--- where's my cut?
I was right about Comey CROOKED COP!
Yesterday it was my great honor to recognize extraordinary Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders and to award them the the highest possible decoration for bravery by public safety officers the Medal of Valor. #AmericanHeroes 
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country.  We must put #AmericaFirst. 
Done by a real fan! #TRUMP  
Last time lightweight @JebBush tried to knock off @marcorubio he made a total fool of himself. If he doesn't do better this time he is out!
At your request I will be doing live tweeting during tonight’s @ApprenticeNBC.  #CelebApprentice
Power Lunching next to the #BlueMonster:  via @UrbanDaddy cc @TrumpDoral
Christians need support in our country (and around the world) their religious liberty is at stake! Obama has been horrible I will be great
It is time for Iran to face serious consequences. This regime is a threat to our national security.

The Mayor’s efforts to shield illegal aliens endangers the lives of the public and law enforcement who have to go into the field to apprehend those released. He shouldn’t be urging illegals to beat the system he should be urging them to safely turn themselves in! 
HAPPY 241st BIRTHDAY to the @USArmy! THANK YOU! 
Michelle @FischbachMN7 is running for Congress in Minnesota. Michelle will protect the unborn is Strong on Crime &amp; Borders Cutting Taxes your #2A Loves our Military Vets &amp; will stand w/ our Great Farmers. Michelle has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
Two Tweets missing from last batch probably a Twitter error. No time for a redo! Only the Dems get redos!
We still have not learned the full truth on Benghazi.  Four Americans were killed. Congress must act!
Thank you @HerschelWalker! 
Let the Arab League take care of Syria. Why are these rich Arab countries not paying us for the tremendous cost of such an attack?
My deepest condolences to the victims of the terrible shooting in Douglas County @DCSheriff and their families. We love our police and law enforcement - God Bless them all! #LESM
“President Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 24 2017 as United Nations Day” Read more:  
The President must get Congressional approval before attacking Syria-big mistake if he does not!
...during the talks the U.S. will start on September 1st putting a small additional Tariff of 10% on the remaining 300 Billion Dollars of goods and products coming from China into our Country. This does not include the 250 Billion Dollars already Tariffed at 25%...

“The achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual.” – Vince Lombardi
Are the investigative “journalists” of the New York Times going to investigate themselves - who is the anonymous letter writer?
Poor @JohnKasich doesn't have what it takes- 
I just started construction of The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. Many jobs. Will be finest hotel in U.S. Watch it happen!
.@KatrinaCampins You were absolutely great on @CNN! Thank you.
So many incredible friends said thanks for TT help --- I say thanks to you! 
When will the Democrats start blaming RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA instead of their own incompetence for the voting disaster that just happened in the Great State of Iowa?
On Holocaust Remembrance Day we mourn and grieve the murder of 6 million innocent Jewish men women and children and the millions of others who perished in the evil Nazi Genocide. We pledge with all of our might and resolve: Never Again!  
Great Rally In Colorado. Thank you will be back soon!
Iran and it’s economy is going very bad and fast! I will meet or not meet it doesn’t matter - it is up to them!
An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates.
The person that Hillary Clinton least wants to run against is by far me. It will be the largest voter turnout ever - she will be swamped!
Many many people are disappointed I didn't run third party--but I won't risk @BarackObama benefiting from a split in the anti-Obama vote.
I invite you to join my campaign to Make America Great Again! Sign up to Volunteer! 
Friday is the last day to enter the Counting Sheep for Hire contest. Click here www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta and you could win a trip
Nobody wants wind turbines they are failing all over the world and need massive subsidy--a disaster for taxpayers.
Because of the $700 &amp; $716 Billion Dollars gotten to rebuild our Military many jobs are created and our Military is again rich. Building a great Border Wall with drugs (poison) and enemy combatants pouring into our Country is all about National Defense. Build WALL through M!
Oil prices getting lower. Great! Like a big Tax Cut for America and the World. Enjoy! $54 was just $82. Thank you to Saudi Arabia but let’s go lower!
ICYMI my speech this past Monday at the South Carolina Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach   #SCTeaParty15
Where’s the Whistleblower?
If you don't have passion everything you do will ultimately fizzle out or at best be mediocre. Is that how (cont)  19:04:38,345,111,false,223493085559136256Twitter Web Client,Have we ever had a POTUS before @BarackObama who earned over 1/3 of his income from foreign sources and paid taxes to another country?,07-12-2012 17:29:48,390,60,false,223469218685915139Twitter Web Client,.@BarackObama reported over $269710 of foreign income out of his gross $894520 and paid $5841 in foreign taxes  16:06:17,299,37,false,223448201905188864Twitter Web Client,Even the Left realizes that @BarackObama's policies have led to more jobs being outsourced out of this country.  13:30:10,146,17,false,223408915721891841Twitter Web Client,Almost daily more discrepancies in @BarackObama's biography continue to arise. Who is this guy?,07-11-2012 20:19:25,215,37,false,223149517065822208Twitter Web Client,Very strange--why do database records contradict @BarackObama and show he was only at Columbia 1 year?  19:48:28,172,34,false,223141730076196864Twitter Web Client,There's no bigger name in America than Donald Trump political or nonpolitical." --Sarasota GOP Chair Joe Gruters
Looks like yet another terrorist attack. Airplane departed from Paris. When will we get tough smart and vigilant? Great hate and sickness!
“Double Standard - Former FBI lawyer (Lisa Page) admits being told to go easy on Clinton.”  Very unfair!  @FoxNews
“Face reality as it is not as it was or as you wish it to be.” - @jack_welch
Via @baltimoresun by @ErinatTheSun: “Maryland GOP book Trump for major fundraiser” 
American Workforce Policy Advisory Board Meeting at the @WhiteHouse! 
Thank you David! 
Looking forward to meeting the great folks of Sarasota GOP party when I am honored as 'Statesman of the Year.' Should be a wonderful time.
Al-Shabbab not ISIS just made a video on me - they all will as front-runner &amp; if I speak out against them which I must. Hillary lied!
The CIA deserves our praise for taking the fight to the enemy in the dark corners of the world. The CIA perseveres the politicians whine!
Vote for Mar-a-Lago- 
Terrible shootings in ElPaso Texas. Reports are very bad many killed. Working with State and Local authorities and Law Enforcement. Spoke to Governor to pledge total support of Federal Government. God be with you all!
....We discussed Trade Venezuela Ukraine North Korea Nuclear Arms Control and even the “Russian Hoax.” Very productive talk!
Rubio lied about my meeting w/ Hispanic activists. I didn’t change my opinion but treated them w/ respect. Shame! 
So why didn’t the highly conflicted Robert Mueller investigate how and why Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted and acid washed 33000 Emails immediately AFTER getting a SUBPOENA from the United States Congress? She must have GREAT lawyers!
For those who want and advocate for illegal immigration just take a good look at what has happened to Europe over the last 5 years. A total mess! They only wish they had that decision to make over again.
Great evening in San Jose other than the thugs. My supporters are far tougher if they want to be but fortunately they are not hostile.
.@MarthaRaddatz was so unprofessional and biased when discussing me on This Week. @GStephanopoulos should not allow this conduct!
My @greta int. on @FoxNews on how to defeat ISIS Obama losing ground to ISIS &amp; Making America Great Again! 
...have it. Fake News said 17 intel agencies when actually 4 (had to apologize). Why did Obama do NOTHING when he had info before election?
...and did not want to "rock the boat." He didn't "choke" he colluded or obstructed and it did the Dems and Crooked Hillary no good.
....and FEDERAL CONTRACTOR SPIES stories. The finest law enforcement on the planet could not have shown a ROADMAP like that which was produced by you. @OANN should be VERY proud of this great work. I wish more people were seeking the facts and the truth. Keep it up!
If speeches and memoirs created jobs then @BarackObama would be Ronald Reagan.
Very strong signals being sent by China once they returned home from their long trip including stops from Argentina. Not to sound naive or anything but I believe President Xi meant every word of what he said at our long and hopefully historic meeting. ALL subjects discussed!
Looking forward to visiting Mason City Iowa tomorrow. Will be my 8th day in the Hawkeye State this year! 
The Washington Post and New York Times are in my opinion two of the most dishonest media outlets around. Truly the Enemy of the People! 
We have all the cards. Now is the time to make a great deal with Iran.
Congratulations to @TrumpWaikiki for being selected as "Best of +VIP Access 2014" by @Expedia!
Looking forward to being interviewed by Sam Clovis tomorrow at @MorningsideEdu in Sioux City at 10AM CT! Let’s Make America Great Again!
....So interesting to see the Mayor of Oakland and other Sanctuary Cities NOT WANT our currently “detained immigrants” after release due to the ridiculous court ordered 20 day rule. If they don’t want to serve our Nation by taking care of them why should other cities &amp; towns?
You get what you vote for.  US credit rating is about to be downgraded once again 
Coming soon to Pennsylvania Avenue 
We will never be a Socialist or Communist Country. IF YOU ARE NOT HAPPY HERE YOU CAN LEAVE! It is your choice and your choice alone. This is about love for America. Certain people HATE our Country....
...our Military 2nd Amendment Energy and so many other things that the Democrats don’t care about. Please stop the Dems from hurting a very good and hard-working man!
Selective memory - @BarackObama says that he "forgets" the recession  Maybe that's why he is forgetting to create jobs.
....years or maybe 10 or 14 (just kidding) they will quickly go out of business for lack of credibility or approval from the public. That’s why they will all be Endorsing me at some point one way or the other. Could you imagine having Sleepy Joe Biden or @AlfredENeuman99..
After Super Tuesday every GOP candidate should take a long hard look at their prospects and drop out if they can't get the nomination.
The Failing New York Times did something I have never seen done before. They used the concept of “time value of money” in doing a very old boring and often told hit piece on me. Added up this means that 97% of their stories on me are bad. Never recovered from bad election call!
Our Southern Border is under siege. Congress must act now to change our weak and ineffective immigration laws. Must build a Wall. Mexico which has a massive crime problem is doing little to help!
.@AlexSalmond Wind turbines are ripping your country apart and killing tourism.Electric bills in Scotland are skyrocketing-stop the madness
Under our potential deal with China they will purchase from our Great American Farmers practically as much as our Farmers can produce.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
.@TrumpChicago’s The Spa offers 5 star services w/ 12 treatment rooms &amp; 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the skyline 
DELUSIONAL--Obama actually thought that he won the debate  What is he thinking?
Law Enforcement is at the scene of shootings in Gilroy California. Reports are that shooter has not yet been apprehended. Be careful and safe!
I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. I owed it to the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me!
North Carolina lost 300000 manufacturing jobs and Ohio lost 400000 since 2000. Going to Mexico etc. NO MORE IF I WIN WE WILL BRING BACK!
.@karlrove’s ad is the best thing that ever happened to Ashley Judd—simply increases her profile.
The State of Iowa should disqualify Ted Cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated- a total fraud!
The Fake News Media is desperate to distract from the economy and record setting economic numbers and so they keep talking about the phony Russian Witch Hunt.
.@TrumpChicago is the Windy City's sole skyscraper to feature a 4 star hotel 4 star restaurant &amp; spa 
I will be going to the Great State of Tennessee on Friday. The USA stands with the people of Tennessee 100% whatever they need! The tornadoes were of record size &amp; velocity. God bless your loved ones &amp; all of the families affected! Thanks to @GovBillLee &amp; @MarshaBlackburn
“Democrats are frantic to throw something else at the President. That’s why you saw those 81 subpoenas. It’s ridiculous. Just because your still upset over an election that happened 2 1/2 years ago you should not be allowed to ruin people’s lives like this.” Lara Trump @FoxNews
The new Fake News narrative is that there is CHAOS in the White House. Wrong! People will always come &amp; go and I want strong dialogue before making a final decision. I still have some people that I want to change (always seeking perfection). There is no Chaos only great Energy!
.....Reserve should likewise act so that countries of which there are many no longer take advantage of our strong dollar by further devaluing their currencies. This makes it very hard for our manufactures &amp; farmers to fairly export their goods. Lower Rates &amp; Loosen - Fed!
Thank you Rand! 
The Do Nothing Democrats are being exposed! 
My induction last night at Madison Square Garden into the WWE Hall of Fame was amazing-I met some great people including Bruno.
ObamaCare is a broken mess. Piece by piece we will now begin the process of giving America the great HealthCare it deserves!
Our heartfelt prayers go out to our fellow Americans suffering from the storms &amp; tornadoes.
I’m a star maker- Adrian has continued to receive many fans in @TrumpTowerNY and @AmandaTMiller is definitely on the map! #CelebApprentice
Amazing crowd last night in Dallas - more spirit and passion than ever before. Today all over the great State of Texas!
“Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves.” – Think Like a Champion
The Hill/HarrisX: 61% to 39% Approval Rating on handling of Coronavirus situation. Thank you!
Donald Trump Tells @theblaze About His Obama Announcement: PASSPORT APPLICATIONS TELL YOU A LOT  by @BillyHallowell
... and pay per view records with “Battle of the Billionaires” in Detroit. It was a wild day!
Check out this photo shoot video of @IvankaTrump's Spring 2012 collection.... 
President Obama said that he did not have the right to sign DACA that it will never hold up in court. He signed it anyway! If the Supreme Court upholds DACA it gives the President extraordinary powers far greater than ever thought. If they do what is right and do not let......
I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton I am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but I will win!
Congratulations to @TrumpNewYork @TrumpChicago @TrumpWaikiki @TrumpToronto on your Forbes Five-Star ratings @ForbesInspector
Everybody is arguing whether or not it is a BAN. Call it what you want it is about keeping bad people (with bad intentions) out of country!
Republicans have the right approach to ObamaCare – let it fail.  Free market solutions will be embraced by Americans in 2016.
Yesterday it was my great honor to welcome President @MBuhari of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to the @WhiteHouse!🇺🇸🇳🇬 
The Trump Tower atrium is such a great place &amp; kept thousands of people warm &amp; safe during the storm--thanks staff!
I made my decision to allow Jenna Talackova to participate in Miss Universe Canada two days before Gloria Allred (cont) 
The NFL players are at it again - taking a knee when they should be standing proudly for the National Anthem. Numerous players from different teams wanted to show their “outrage” at something that most of them are unable to define. They make a fortune doing what they love......
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. - Thomas Edison
Now Obama is keeping our soldiers in Afghanistan for at least another year. He is losing two wars simultaneously.
Today we are not merely transferring power from one Administration to another or from one party to another – but we are transferring...
Democrats don't want massive tax cuts - how does that win elections? Great reviews for Tax Cut and Reform Bill.
“The idea flow from the human spirit is absolutely unlimited. All you have to do is tap into that well.” - @jack_welch
He ruins the brand: @bobbeckel doesn't belong on @FoxNews. As CM for Mondale in '84 you  lost 49 states. Sad!
....Democrat’s game was foiled when we caught Schiff fraudulently making up my Ukraine conversation when I released the exact conversation Transcript and when Ukrainian President and the Foreign Minister said there was NO PRESSURE very normal talk! A total Impeachment Scam!
“Deven Nunes predicts that more examples of Mueller team misconduct will be revealed in coming weeks.” @seanhannity  @FoxNews
.@JebBush is a low energy "stiff" who should focus his special interest money on the many people ahead of him in the polls. Has no chance!
The S&P downgrade is a direct result of @BarackObama's increased reckless budget spending and Obama Care. He owns this.
Maybe Derek Jeter should ask A-Rod about renting his apartment next year. Very soon A-Rod won't need a place in NYC.
There wasn’t ANYTHING said wrong in my conversation with the Ukrainian President. This is a Democrat Scam!
Pete Rose played Major League Baseball for 24 seasons from 1963-1986 and had more hits 4256 than any other player (by a wide margin). He gambled but only on his own team winning and paid a decades long price. GET PETE ROSE INTO THE BASEBALL HALL OF FAME. It’s Time!
With all of the bad economic numbers and horrendous foreign policy Obama should be down by 12 points--and he's not.
My speech at yesterday’s @SteveKingIA @Citizens_United Iowa Freedom Summit   via @FoxNews
....Joe Biden and Bernie is shut out again. Very unfair but that’s the way the Democrats play the game. Anyway it’s a lot of fun to watch!
Attorney General Bill Schuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan. I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help
Why didn’t President Obama do something about Russia in September (before November Election) when told by the FBI? He did NOTHING and had no intention of doing anything!
The Mayor of Los Angeles @ericgarcetti is dealing with us trying to get the Federal Government to fix the terrible problem he and the Dems have caused with the homeless and the horrendous effects it is having on the City which is a mess. I then watch him talk “trash” on me!
.@TraceAdkins presents the NJ Coast Red Cross a $40000 check for Sandy Relief. You can tell he’s very pleased about that--&amp; rightly so.
It was great to appear on Piers Morgan Tonight last night as his first live guest. Piers won the Celebrity Apprentice and he's fantastic.
Great evening with the @AmSpec &amp; the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award. Amazing crowd—thank you!
Hillary’s Aides Urged Her to Take Foreign Lobbyist Donation And Deal With Attacks: 
Just finished speaking in Sydney Australia in front of 20000 people and today I'm off to Melbourne for anot… (cont) 
Olympic Gold  Medalist Evan Lysacek just left my office. He is in town and wanted to meet me--he's a fanastic guy and a true champion.
Weirdo Tom Steyer who didn’t have the “guts” or money to run for President is still trying to remain relevant by putting himself on ads begging for impeachment. He doesn’t mention the fact that mine is perhaps the most successful first 2 year presidency in history &amp; NO C OR O!
.@HuffingtonPost actually gave me a positive story yesterday!
..under a magnifying glass they have zero "tapes" of T people colluding. There is no collusion &amp; no obstruction. I should be given apology!
Thank you to the Cherokee Nation for revealing that Elizabeth Warren sometimes referred to as Pocahontas is a complete and total Fraud!
Gen. Petraeus has agreed to testify in the Senate on Benghazi. I will be watching.
It's Thursday and only 26 days until the election. How many illegal donations from China and Saudi Arabia did Obama collect today?
.....if Mexico produces (which I think they will). Biggest part of deal with Mexico has not yet been revealed! China is similar except they devalue currency &amp; subsidize companies to lessen effect of 25% Tariffs. So far little effect to consumers. Companies will relocate to U.S.
NATO commander agrees members should pay up via @dcexaminer:
Landing in New Hampshire soon to talk about the massive drug problem there and all over the country.
It would be great for the Republican Party of Nevada and it’s unity if good guy Danny Tarkanian would run for Congress and Dean Heller who is doing a really good job could run for Senate unopposed!
FMR PRES of Mexico Vicente Fox horribly used the F word when discussing the wall. He must apologize! If I did that there would be a uproar!
Someone should ask @BarackObama in today's press conference how he accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 presidents combined.
This is what @BarackObama thinks: that America would be better off if we acted more like European socialist (cont) 
After these spirited primaries are over @GOP must be fully united for November. If we take the Senate we stop Obama’s agenda.
Wow little Mac Miller has almost 100 million views on his song "Donald Trump." Keep pushing Mac and come up with another hit - just do it!
Join me on @greta- from Indianapolis Indiana at 7pmE! Enjoy! #Trump2016 
BUILD A WALL &amp; CRIME WILL FALL! 
I am in New Hampshire having a great time! Loved the #GOPDebate last night! Everybody enjoy the Super Bowl. #SuperBowlSunday #SB50
Wonderful weekend at Camp David. A very special place. A lot of very important work done. Heading back to the @WhiteHouse now. 
The Paycheck Protection Program is now available! #CARESActSmall Business Guidance &amp; Loan Resources:  
“Proclamation on Recognizing the Golan Heights as Part of the State of Israel”  
A made up Radical Left Story about Doral bedbugs but Bret Stephens is loaded up with them! Been calling me wrong for years along with the few remaining Never Trumpers - All Losers! 
The irony is that the Freedom Caucus which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood allows P.P. to continue if they stop this plan!
The ultimate Golf experience @TrumpTurnberry is a unique destination located on the beautiful Ayrshire coastline 
It was my great honor to deliver a message at the Marine Corps Air Station Miramar to our GREAT U.S. Military straight from the heart of the American People: We support you we thank you we love you - and we will always have your back! 
Wow I just found out that in a major poll of its readers the @NewYorkObserver  voted me #1 on the "power 100" list in NY......
THANK YOU! #Trump2016#IACaucus finder:  
“Tomorrow is the first blank page of a 365-page book. Write a good one.” — @BradPaisley
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. -- Abraham Lincoln
My warmest condolences to the family and many friends of Congressman Elijah Cummings. I got to see first hand the strength passion and wisdom of this highly respected political leader. His work and voice on so many fronts will be very hard if not impossible to replace!
The biggest problem with A-Rod is he is bad for the chemistry of the Yankees--- he must go.
STRONG &amp; UNITED WE WILL PREVAIL! GOD BLESS THE USA!!
It was my great honor to visit with our HEROES last night at Walter Reed Medical Center. There is nobody like them! 
Last night's horrific execution-style shootings of 12 Dallas law enforcement officers...
.@FoxNews from multiple sources: "There was electronic surveillance of Trump and people close to Trump. This is unprecedented." @FBI
Unemployment is up in 44 states showing July's unemployment numbers to be broad based   @BarackObama is a job killer.
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. - 10 minutes.  Much to talk about enjoy!
- Read what Donald Trump has to say about daughter Ivanka's upcoming new book The Trump Card: 
The News Reports about the Department of Commerce dropping its quest to put the Citizenship Question on the Census is incorrect or to state it differently FAKE! We are absolutely moving forward as we must because of the importance of the answer to this question.
The West Coast's most luxurious public course @TrumpGolfLA features spectacular panoramic Pacific Ocean views 
Despite the most hostile and corrupt media in the history of American politics the Trump Administration has accomplished more in its first two years than any other Administration. Judges biggest Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts V.A. Choice Best Economy Lowest Unemployment &amp; much more!
4. The U.S. now leads the world in energy production...BUT... 5. Who's got the world's cleanest and safest air and water? AMERICA!
Doctors have already died treating Ebola   We should not be importing the disease to our homeland.
SUCH ATROCIOUS LIES BY THE RADICAL LEFT DO NOTHING DEMOCRATS. THIS IS AN ASSAULT ON AMERICA AND AN ASSAULT ON THE REPUBLICAN PARTY!!!!
I'm giving away money- go to  . Take it from me! Proud of the #FundAnything team.
Results of recovery efforts will speak much louder than complaints by San Juan Mayor. Doing everything we can to help great people of PR!
Republicans must be careful with immigration—don’t give our country away.
Thomas “the Chin” Friedman a weak and pathetic sort of guy writes columns for The New York Times in between rounds of his favorite game golf. Two weeks ago while speaking to a friend on his cell phone I unfortunately ended up speaking to Friedman. We spoke for a while and...
Just got final renderings of Trump National Doral in Miami - there will be nothing like it in the Country will be the best!
WHO IS GOING TO GET IRAQ'S OIL???????
Start thinking about getting bigger tractors! 
It probably was not drugs that caused the San Fran crash but why aren't they testing - who knows?
The only thing more boring than @bwilliams newscast is his show Rock Center which is totally dying in the ratings—a disaster!
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
The two dumbest interviews in history may go down as Lance Armstrong who is being sued by everyone in the world &amp; Michael Douglas.
Congratulations to Miss Mexico Jimena Navarrete our new Miss Universe 2010 and congratulations to everyone for a fantastic show.
Americans across the political spectrum are disgusted by the Washington Democrats’ Partisan Hoaxes Witch Hunts &amp; Con Jobs. Registered Democrats and Independents are leaving the Democrat Party in droves &amp; we are welcoming these voters to the Republican Party w/ wide open arms! 
I am pleased to endorse Governor Mike Parson of Missouri. He is very Popular Strong and knows what he is doing – he gets it! Based on the fact that Mike has announced he will run again in 2020 for Governor Mike Parson has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
“I don’t need to know any more. We’re done absolutely done he (Mueller) tried the case. There’s NO COLLUSION.” @LindseyGrahamSC  @foxandfriends  No matter what we do or give to the Radical Left it will never be enough!
Getting ready to go to the great State of Michigan. Big crowd tonight. Make America Great Again!
Dress for success. The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection exclusively available @Macys.com 
Just got back from Las Vegas. @TrumpLasVegas Hotel was fantastic in every way but the fight was a total waste of time. The aggressor lost?
One good aspect of the Obama depression is that it will separate the winners from the losers. If you can make it now you deserve it!
“If we get tough and make the hard choices we can make America a rich nation—and respected—once again.” – Time to Get Tough
Thank you Dan and Kevin. Great Vote! 
.@SenMikeLee of the great state of Utah has written a wonderful new book entitled “Our Lost Declaration.” Highly recommended!
....Best and Newest Military (almost totally rebuilt from the depleted military I took over) in History Best V.A. in History (Choice) and MUCH MUCH MORE. Gee let’s impeach the President. The “Squad” (AOC Plus 3) and other Dems suffer from Trump Derangement Syndrome. Crazy!
Irresponsible! In the last 6 months @BarackObama has held over 100 fundraisers and not a single meeting with his Job Council.
Unemployment claims are at the lowest level since 1973. Much of this has to do with the massive cutting of unnecessary and job killing Regulations!
General Keith Kellogg who I have known for a long time is very much in play for NSA - as are three others.
Departing the @WhiteHouse for Erie Pennsylvania. I cannot disappoint the thousands of people that are there - and the thousands that are going. I look forward to seeing everyone this evening.
Anyone who wants strong borders and good trade deals for the US should boycott @Univision.
I don’t know @SamuelLJackson to best of my knowledge haven't played golf w/him &amp; think he does too many TV commercials—boring. Not a fan.
I will end illegal immigration and protect our borders! We need to MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! #
“Donald Trump has made good on his promises and it drives Democrats Crazy!” Brad Blakeman @FoxNews
Donald Trump plans return to Iowa  via @KCCINews
Congratulations Kevin Gabriel on your amazing article. If I were a journalist this would be the next Watergate and I would be a star.
Thank you California! See you soon!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain # 
....To the Gazan people — these terrorist acts against Israel will bring you nothing but more misery. END the violence and work towards peace - it can happen!
.@CNN is so embarrassed by their total  (100%) support of Hillary Clinton and yet her loss in a landslide that they don't know what to do.
At some point Sgt. Bergdahl will have to explain his capture. In 2009 he simply wandered off his base without a weapon. Many questions!
Story will be released today at 12 noon EST on Twitter and Facebook.
Under my Administration we are restoring @NASA to greatness and we are going back to the Moon then Mars. I am updating my budget to include an additional $1.6 billion so that we can return to Space in a BIG WAY!
Shifty Adam Schiff will only release doctored transcripts. We haven’t even seen the documents and are restricted from (get this) having a lawyer. Republicans should put out their own transcripts! Schiff must testify as to why he MADE UP a statement from me and read it to all!
Does President Obama ever discuss the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor while he's in Japan? Thousands of American lives lost. #MDW
The @TrumpChicago Spa offers 5 star services12 treatment rooms &amp; 53 spa guestrooms overlooking  Chicago skyline 
Because we have done so well with Energy over the last few years (thank you Mr. President!) we are a net Energy Exporter &amp; now the Number One Energy Producer in the World. We don’t need Middle Eastern Oil &amp; Gas &amp; in fact have very few tankers there but will help our Allies!
It was my great honor to welcome and meet with President @moonriver365 Jae-in of South Korea today in New York City!  #UNGA 
Something very big has just happened!
Getting ready to engage G7 leaders on many issues including economic growth terrorism and security.
Here we go! I stated long ago that we should cancel all flights from West Africa. Now we have Ebola in U.S. AND IT WILL ONLY GET WORSE!
So if the so-called “Whistleblower” has all second hand information and almost everything he has said about my “perfect” call with the Ukrainian President is wrong (much to the embarrassment of Pelosi &amp; Schiff) why aren’t we entitled to interview &amp; learn everything about....
Ratings for NFL football are way down except before game starts when people tune in to see whether or not our country will be disrespected!
Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the Russia/CIA card. It would be called conspiracy theory!
27 days until America's greatest test since our founding. In this election we decide whether we become great again.
What kind of an animal is this? 
I will see Navy at the White House to present the Commander-in-Chief’s Trophy! 
Via @DailyCaller: "Donald Trump: Obama should golf w/ Republicans not his ‘local friends’"  by @NicholasBallasy
Great rally in Iowa! Such wonderful people. Traveling now with @SarahPalinUSA to Tulsa- massive crowd expected! 
Opening in 2016 Trump Tower Punta del Este will bring our signature luxury living to the sands of Playa Brava 
“John Brennan is panicking. He has disgraced himself he has disgraced the Country he has disgraced the entire Intelligence Community. He is the one man who is largely responsible for the destruction of American’s faith in the Intelligence Community and in some people at the....
The New York Times is now blaming an editor for the horrible mistake they made in trying to destroy or influence Justice Brett Kavanaugh. It wasn’t the editor the Times knew everything. They are sick and desperate losing in so many ways!
years as a pol in Connecticut Blumenthal would talk of his great bravery and conquests in Vietnam - except he was never there. When....
It was exactly three years ago today January 20 2017  that I was sworn into office. So appropriate that today is also MLK jr DAY. African-American Unemployment is the LOWEST in the history of our Country by far. Also best Poverty Youth and Employment numbers ever. Great!
Just had a meeting with top representatives from Egypt Ethiopia and Sudan to help solve their long running dispute on the Grand Ethiopian Renaissance Dam one of the largest in the world currently being built. The meeting went well and discussions will continue during the day! 
Sheldon Adelson is looking to give big dollars to Rubio because he feels he can mold him into his perfect little puppet. I agree!

So biased: @TIME made 'The Protester' as the person of the year. @TIME celebrates OWS but vilified the Tea Party last year.
Marco Rubio will not win. Weak on illegal immigration strong on amnesty and has the appearance to killers of the world as a "lightweight".
The very outdated filibuster rule must go. Budget reconciliation is killing R's in Senate. Mitch M go to 51 Votes NOW and WIN. IT'S TIME!
Unemployment has risen today and some other very bad news has just been reported- the stock market is way down.
John Brennan on the Mueller probe “I don’t know if I received bad information but I THINK I SUSPECTED THAT THERE WAS MORE THAN THERE ACTUALLY WAS.” Wow he admits he was wrong! Congress should go back to work on drug prices etc.
The Trump Signature Collection is the best menswear design for young entrepreneurs. Great style &amp; design exclusively available @Macys.
A special message to the staff of @TrumpWaikiki in celebration of the 2nd anniversary.... 
This week Jews around the world will celebrate the miracles of Hanukkah. @FLOTUS Melania and I send our very best wishes for a blessed and Happy Hanukkah!  
Flashbk – “Trump: ‘I would build a border fence like you have never seen before’” via @BreitbartNews by @rwildewrites
Received many calls from leaders of NATO countries thanking me for helping to bring them together and to get them focused on financial obligations both present &amp; future. We had a truly great Summit that was inaccurately covered by much of the media. NATO is now strong &amp; rich!
“If you plan for the worst – if you can live with the worst – the good will always take care of itself.” – The Art of the Deal
President Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 9 2017 as #ColumbusDay 

President Xi thank you for such an incredible welcome ceremony. It was a truly memorable and impressive display! 📸 
So let’s get this straight! There was No Collusion and in fact the Phony Dossier was a Con Job that was paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. So the 13 Angry Democrats were investigating an event that never happened and that was in fact a made up Fraud. I just fought back....
Women for Kavanaugh and many others who support this very good man are gathering all over Capitol Hill in preparation for a 3-5 P.M. VOTE. It is a beautiful thing to see - and they are not paid professional protesters who are handed expensive signs. Big day for America!
Will be in Houston to be with my friend. Will be a great day in Texas! 
The $200M in renovations of Trump Int’l Washington DC are on track. The Old Post Office is being transformed into true luxury.
I smile at Senators and others talking about how good free trade is for the U.S. What they don’t say is that we lose Jobs and over 800 Billion Dollars a year on really dumb Trade Deals....and these same countries Tariff us to death. These lawmakers are just fine with this!
Mitt Romney gave a masterful speech this weekend at Liberty University with a wonderful introduction by Mark DeMoss. Well done. @MittRomney
Getting ready to land in Charlottesville Virginia at Trump Vineyards another job producing development that I bought and made AMAZING!
Wow USA Today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits. Verdict: 450 wins 38 losses. Isn't that what you want for your president?
HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE &amp; AZITHROMYCIN taken together have a real chance to be one of the biggest game changers in the history of medicine. The FDA has moved mountains - Thank You! Hopefully they will BOTH (H works better with A International Journal of Antimicrobial Agents).....
My @SquawkCNBC #TrumpTuesday interview with Ken Langone &amp; Dick Grasso discussing the Chicago teachers' strike @ 2012  
So much for creating American jobs--@BarackObama gave $529 Million to a "Green" car company---so they can be manufactured in Finland.
A vicious accuser of Justice Kavanough has just admitted that she was lying her story was totally made up or FAKE! Can you imagine if he didn’t become a Justice of the Supreme Court because of her disgusting False Statements. What about the others? Where are the Dems on this?
...Europe far more than it does the U.S. By some accounts the U.S. is paying for 90% of NATO with many countries nowhere close to their 2% commitment. On top of this the European Union has a Trade Surplus of $151 Million with the U.S. with big Trade Barriers on U.S. goods. NO!
THANK YOU to all of the incredible HEROES in Texas. America is with you! #TexasStrong 
An honor to host President Mahmoud Abbas at the WH today. Hopefully something terrific could come out it between th… 
China's best friend @BarackObama wants to cut the US fleet down to 230 ships the lowest level since WWI.
The D.C. Wolves and Fake News Media are reading far too much into people being forced by Courts to testify before Congress. I am fighting for future Presidents and the Office of the President. Other than that I would actually like people to testify. Don McGahn’s respected....
Thank you to the Governor of Florida Rick Scott for your endorsement. I greatly appreciate your support!
Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross will be speaking with representatives of the European Union about eliminating the large Tariffs and Barriers they use against the U.S.A. Not fair to our farmers and manufacturers.
The G 20 Summit was a great success for the U.S. - Explained that the U.S. must fix the many bad trade deals it has made. Will get done!
Billions of dollars in investments &amp; thousands of new jobs in America! An initiative via Corning Merck &amp; Pfizer:  
Wow! New National Zogby Poll just out:.TRUMP 45. CRUZ 13. RUBIO 8. Big numbers.
.@BilldeBlasio is the worst Mayor in the history of New York City - he won’t last long! 
Democrats must change the Immigration Laws FAST. If not Sanctuary Cities must immediately ACT to take care of the Illegal Immigrants - and this includes Gang Members Drug Dealers Human Traffickers and Criminals of all shapes sizes and kinds. CHANGE THE LAWS NOW!
The new course at Trump International Scotland will be a par-72 layout with five sets of tees ranging from 7540 yards to 5630.
A great honor to host and welcome leaders from around America to the @WhiteHouse Infrastructure Summit.… 
Via @TheYBF: “@msvivicafox Attends A Private Screening + Donald Trump DONATES $25K To @peachespulliam’S Kamp Kizzy”
The Economy is doing really well. The Federal Reserve can easily make it Record Setting! The question is being asked why are we paying much more in interest than Germany and certain other countries? Be early (for a change) not late. Let America win big rather than just win!
This is good news: @MittRomney is now leading in Michigan by 6 points according to @RasmussenPoll 
My speech to @PressClubDC on Tuesday at the #NPCLunch on the topic of building a business brand via @cspan 
Thank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night. Very exciting!
“The Faith of Donald Trump” a book just out by David Brody and Scott Lamb is a very interesting read. Enjoy!
....We send our deepest condolences to the families and friends of those tragically lost and we pray for the speedy recovery of the wounded.
With @TraceAdkins on top of the truck the crowd definitely buzzed. #CelebApprentice
Rickie Fowler @therealrickiefowler Instagram photos | Websta  via @websta
White House Counsel Don McGahn will be leaving his position in the fall shortly after the confirmation (hopefully) of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court. I have worked with Don for a long time and truly appreciate his service!
Obama's convention bounce is gone. @MittRomney has retaken the lead in the latest @RasmussenPoll  
THE BEST IS YET TO COME! 
....The thing that’s lacking is we can’t properly secure the Border because of the Democrats historic level of Obstruction.” Senator David Perdue of Georgia.
Wind turbines are totally destroying the areas in which they are located—all for unreliable bad &amp; expensive energy!
Major consideration is being given to naming ANTIFA an “ORGANIZATION OF TERROR.” Portland is being watched very closely. Hopefully the Mayor will be able to properly do his job!
Wishing everyone a wonderful Independence Day weekend. We have a lot to be thankful for.
The GREAT Billy Graham is dead. There was nobody like him! He will be missed by Christians and all religions. A very special man.

LONDON needs a new mayor ASAP. Khan is a disaster - will only get worse! 
“This is the biggest most disgusting scandal and it’s all on the Democrat  Party that has highjacked the Impeachment process our tax dollars the House of Representatives to push their 2020 Election. That’s what’s going on.” @marklevinshow  Cannot be said any better!
America is a Nation that believes in the power of redemption. America is a Nation that believes in second chances - and America is a Nation that believes that the best is always yet to come! #PrisonReform 
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.  -- William James
I build beautiful websites with very smart and imaginative people for almost NOTHING. OUR GOVERNMENT SPENT ALMOST $535 000 000 for NOTHING
Is everybody believing what is going on. James Comey can’t define what a leak is. He illegally leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION but doesn’t understand what he did or how serious it is. He lied all over the place to cover it up. He’s either very sick or very dumb. Remember sailor!
I am having a really hard time watching @FoxNews.
A great honor from somebody that knows how to win! 
Watch my @oreillyfactor appearance from this week discussing nuclear negotiations with Iran- 
You've got something unique to offer--find out what it is. Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist? Innovation can follow..
The Democrat Party’s Witch Hunt and CRAZY EXTREME policies are chasing common sense people out of the Dem Party. That’s why Jeff Van Drew (@CongressmanJVD) voted NO on the Impeachment Hoax. Jeff will be joining our growing Republican Party....
THANK YOU NEW YORK!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain # 
So good to see that Republicans will be winning the Great State of Alabama Senate Seat back now that lightweight Senator @DougJones cast a partisan vote for the Impeachment Hoax. Thought his boss Cryin’ Chuck would have forced him to vote against the Hoax. A Do Nothing Stiff!
Via @fitsnews:  "Donald Trump Knows How To (Tea) Party - THE DONALD PLANS SPLASHY LANDING IN MYRTLE BEACH S.C." 
I love America. And when you love something you protect it passionately--fiercely even. #TimeToGetTough  (cont)  17:47:47,1455,1686,false,157881540003635200Twitter Web Client,Our Marines are sent to kill the Taliban not coddle them. USMC should be praised not investigated. Semper Fi !,01-13-2012 17:39:55,1150,108,false,157879563173629953Twitter Web Client,Newt attacks on @MittRomney record at Bain an attack on free enterprise and entrepreneurship. Mistake!,01-12-2012 21:38:55,180,75,false,157577318439714816Twitter Web Client,An Iranian nuclear scientist's car exploded in Tehran yesterday--lots of problems to come--@BarackObama --we need real leadership.,01-12-2012 21:13:05,87,12,false,157570821316022273TwitLonger Beta,The US is always getting ripped off! China gets cheap oil from Iran and Iraq as US pays for Hormuz Patrols to (cont)  20:55:33,98,11,false,157566407180165120Twitter Web Client,With unempoyment over 10% in 2009 @BarackObama held an extravagant Alice in Wonderland party. He is a man of the people!,01-12-2012 20:48:24,147,9,false,157564607765032962TwitLonger Beta,America deserves a commander in chief who respects the challenges and realities our Armed Forces face in our (cont)  20:45:13,81,12,false,157563804614541312Twitter Web Client,If you stop by Trump Tower (Fifth Avenue between 56th and 57th Streets) you can buy a pre-signed copy of #TimeToGetTough.,01-11-2012 20:30:38,42,10,false,157197746460307457Twitter Web Client,51% of @JonHuntsman's NH voters are satisfied with @BarackObama as president      So is @JonHuntsman!,01-11-2012 18:56:11,78,7,false,157173980128743425TwitLonger Beta,A real president should take pride in saving and spending your money wisely not funneling it to his cronies (cont) 
Thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. I will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics!
Press Conference at Glasgow Prestwick Airport this Friday Nov. 14 at 11 AM with Donald J. Trump &amp; Mr. Iain Cochrane 
Congressman Pete Sessions of Texas is doing a great job. He is a fighter who will be tough on Crime and the Border fight hard for our Second Amendment and loves our Military and our Vets. He has my full and complete Endorsement!
Reports say #ISIS now has a passport machine to have its believers infiltrate our country. I told you so. 
The @nytimes is so poorly run and managed that other family members are looking to take over control. With unfunded liabilities-big trouble!
Doesn't the US have better things to do than to destroy an American hero for the world to see? Now other (cont) 
Clinton campaign &amp; DNC paid for research that led to the anti-Trump Fake News Dossier. The victim here is the President. @FoxNews
Just had a long and very good conversation by phone with President Xi of China. He is strong sharp and powerfully focused on leading the counterattack on the Coronavirus. He feels they are doing very well even building hospitals in a matter of only days. Nothing is easy but...
Legal immigrants want border security. It is common sense. We must build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again! 
There are only 22 days for @BarackObama to drop @JoeBiden. Obama is not a loyal guy. I think he is strongly considering it.
To the African-American community: The Democrats have failed you for fifty years high crime poor schools no jobs. I will fix it VOTE "T"
How do you impeach a Republican President for a crime that was committed by the Democrats? WITCH-HUNT!
Consumer Confidence Index just out is the HIGHEST IN 18 YEARS! Also GDP revised upward to 4.2 from 4.1. Our country is doing great!
Via @EllonTimesKenny: "Trump course sparks international interest" 
Remember when I recently said that Brussels is a "hell hole" and a mess and the failing @nytimes wrote a critical article. I was so right!
What truly matters is not which party controls our government but whether our government is controlled by the people.
Going to The Citadel tonight - getting The Nathan Hale Patriot Award. Very nice!
This is a horrible and very unfair situation. The real crimes were on the other side as nothing happens to them. Cannot allow this miscarriage of justice! 
Great! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
If  people knew how hard I worked to get my mastery it wouldn't seem so wonderful  at all. --Michelangelo
.@SethMacFarlane will be a great Oscar host. He did an amazing job at my @ComedyCentral roast.
Will be speaking at the United Nations this morning. Our country is much stronger and much richer than it was when I took office less than two years ago. We are also MUCH safer!
Iran has just issued a New Warning. Rouhani says that they will Enrich Uranium to “any amount we want” if there is no new Nuclear Deal. Be careful with the threats Iran. They can come back to bite you like nobody has been bitten before!
Just won The Club Championship at Trump International Golf Club in Palm Beach-lots of very good golfers-never easy to win a C.C.
Big TAX REFORM AND TAX REDUCTION will be announced next Wednesday.
You must be registered Republican by February 16th to vote TRUMP in the Florida primary. 
The Whistleblower who had the facts wrong about the phone call reached out and more to the Democrat controlled House Intelligence Committee. Schiff never told us about this!
Donald Trump Will Be on Pennsylvania Avenue in 2016 &amp; There’s Nothing You Can Do About It  by @lilsarg
Less than two weeks until @WWE’s @WrestleMania XXIX.  @TheRock v. @JohnCena willbe epic! Excited to be inducted into the Hall of Fame.
'Donald Trump: A President for All Americans' 
Democrats and liberals in Congress want to disarm law-abiding Americans at the same time they are releasing dangerous criminal aliens and savage gang members onto our streets. Politicians who put criminal aliens before American Citizens should be voted out of office!
.@KarlRove wasted $400 million + and didn’t win one race—a total loser. @FoxNews
Don’t believe the manipulated job numbers. Walmart has just cut orders with suppliers because of rising inventory.
Just out that the Obama Administration granted citizenship during the terrible Iran Deal negotiation to 2500 Iranians - including to government officials. How big (and bad) is that?
My @marklevinshow interview discussing Obama's SOTU Rove's attack on the  Tea Party &amp; All-Star @ApprenticeNBC 
To the people of Puerto Rico:Do not believe the #FakeNews!#PRStrong🇵🇷
Corrupt Congressman Adam Schiff is angry that Ambassadors that he thought would be good for his fraudulent Witch Hunt are turning out to be good for me - some really good! He’s got all meetings locked down no transparency only his illegal leaks. A very dishonest sleazebag!
Leaving South Korea now heading to China. Looking very much forward to meeting and being with President Xi!
Thank you America! #Trump2016 
At least 3.5M fellow Americans are going to lose their healthcare plans because of ObamaCare. Defund then repeal!
No surprise Saudis turned down spot on UN Security Council. They don’t want  responsibility. Just have us do their heavy lifting.
Congratulations to our great resident of Chicago Trump Tower Patrick Kane @88PKane for the #StanleyCup win &amp; winning MVP of series.
....chance they’ve had their kangaroo court they’ve had their circus for weeks and months. There just isn’t anything there and there’s no way I’m voting for Impeachment for somebody who hasn’t committed any impeachable offenses.” @IngrahamAngle
Dennis Rodman was either drunk or on drugs (delusional) when he said I wanted to go to North Korea with him. Glad I fired him on Apprentice!
Via @washingtonpost by @OConnellPostbiz:“Bidding to stay at Trump’s hotel for '17 inauguration?Pick the next POTUS." 
“Success is dependent on effort.” - Sophocles
After consultation with our Great Military Leaders designers and others I am pleased to present the new logo for the United States Space Force the Sixth Branch of our Magnificent Military! 
Miss Universe Paulina Vega criticized me for telling the truth about illegal immigration but then said she would keep the crown-Hypocrite
“When you can't make them see the light make them feel the heat.” – Ronald Reagan
Happy to announce we are awarding $1M to Las Vegas - in order to help local law enforcement working OT to respond to last Sunday’s tragedy.
“America is the experiment that works.” – President Ronald Reagan
Congratulations to @TrumpDoral for being named one of @LINKSMagazine's Great Destinations: 
My @foxandfriends int. on the Zimmerman trial &amp; verdict courage of the jury and reactions! 
Via @TheStreet by @swan_investor: "Trump Tees Up Another 'Hole in One' in Scotland" 
Will be on @bloombergtv tomorrow with @sruhle. Enjoy!
Via @AmSpec by @JeffJlpa1: "Exclusive: Trump Says Obama Shows ‘Total Desperation’ on Iran" 
“Don’t emphasize the problem so much-emphasize the solution. It’s a mindset that works.” – Think Like a Champion
.@CarlyFiorina had to inject herself into my factual statements concerning Ben Carson in order to breathe life into her failing campaign!
The brand new Blue Monster Golf Course at Trump National Doral is doing fantastic business. Also the new driving range is open at night!
The U.S. Senate has just approved a 19 Billion Dollar Disaster Relief Bill with my total approval. Great!
Looking like our great South Carolina could get hit MUCH harder than first thought. Georgia and North Carolina also. It’s moving around and very hard to predict except that it is one of the biggest and strongest (and really wide) that we have seen in decades. Be safe!
“‘Trump Imitation Syndrome’ is afflicting the president’s liberal enemies” Thank you @MGoodwin_NYPost! 
Had a great time yesterday on @theviewtv with @WhoopiGoldberg @JennyMcCarthy  @SherriEShepherd &amp; guest host @MrJerryOC!
Mark Levin “When they had power they didn’t stop the Russians the Chinese the North Koreans they funded the Iranians &amp; are responsible for the greatest scandal in American history by interfering with our election &amp; trying to undermine the Trump Campaign and Trump Presidency.”
Thank you! 
.@FoxNews will be re-running "Objectified: Donald Trump" the ratings hit produced by the great Harvey Levin of TMZ at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
You may want to watch David Letterman tonight - I am on!
Thank you Montana I love you! 
....our manufacturers. We should have lower interest rates than Germany Japan and all others. We are now by far the biggest and strongest Country but the Fed puts us at a competitive disadvantage. China is not our problem the Federal Reserve is! We will win anyway.
.....The Fake (Corrupt) News Media said they had a leak into polling done by my campaign which by the way and despite the phony and never ending Witch Hunt are the best numbers WE have ever had. They reported Fake numbers that they made up &amp; don’t even exist. WE WILL WIN AGAIN!
“U.S. Intelligence official overstated assessment of Russian efforts to help Trump.” @FoxNews @GreggJarrett They supposedly told Crazy Bernie that Russia was looking at him not me. This is all a big scam between Intel and the Democrats. They want Bernie OUT &amp; hate “Trump”.
.@ronsirak Thank you for being so fair this morning on @GolfChannel—greatly appreciated.
“My office is at Yankee stadium. Yes dreams do come true.” - @Yankees Captain Derek Jeter
Clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on BREXIT with big dollar ads. Disgraceful!
A vote for today’s resolution by Republican Senators is a vote for Nancy Pelosi Crime and the Open Border Democrats!
Via @JNSworldnews by @JacobKamarasJNS:  "Donald Trump says he is no apprentice when it comes to Israel"
As President I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU the American people! 
If United Steelworkers 1999 was any good they would have kept those jobs in Indiana. Spend more time working-less time talking. Reduce dues
You can't tax business. Business doesn't pay taxes. It collects taxes. ― Ronald Reagan
I wish good luck to all of the Republican candidates that traveled to California to beg for money etc. from the Koch Brothers. Puppets?
Thank you to Jeffrey Lord @AmSpec for his incredible &amp; insightful article this weekend on failing &amp; irrelevant @BuzzFeed
I love the Lakers and when you love the Lakers you want them to win so badly that you will work tirelessly. - Dr. Jerry Buss
Vote for Sean Spicer on Dancing with the Stars. He is a great and very loyal guy who is working very hard. He is in the quarterfinals - all the way with Sean! #MAGA #KAG 
Smart analysis I fully agree! 
Must watch @IvankaTrump interview on @gma discussing #Girlpower 
This is a total disgrace but just another reason that I’m going to win Michigan again! 
I will be in Evansville Indiana with the great Bobby Knight (who last night endorsed me) at 12:00 this afternoon. See you there!
So much Fake News is being reported. They don’t even try to get it right or correct it when they are wrong. They promote the Fake Book of a mentally deranged author who knowingly writes false information. The Mainstream Media is crazed that WE won the election!
Via @NRO: "Palin Trump Get Longer Speaking Slots at CPAC" by @KatrinoTrinko 
.@WSJ reports that @GOP getting ready to treat me unfairly—big spending planned against me. That wasn’t the deal!
People (pundits) gave me no chance in South Carolina. Now it looks like a possible win. I would be happy with a one vote victory! (HOPE)
The Economy is stronger and better than ever before. Importantly there remains tremendous potential - it will only get better with time!
Glad to hear @ehasselbeck will be staying on @theviewtv. Elizabeth has great presence &amp; doesn’t back down from sharing her views.
Join me on Tuesday- in Greensboro North Carolina! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst 
Join my team tonight at 8:30pmE! 
So much happening with the now discredited Witch Hunt. This total Hoax will be studied for years!
Record crowd in Tampa Florida- thank you! We will WIN FLORIDA #DrainTheSwamp in Washington D.C. and MAKE AMERICA… 
While the disgusting Fake News is doing everything within their power not to report it that way at least 3 major players are intimating that the Angry Mueller Gang of Dems is viciously telling witnesses to lie about facts &amp; they will get relief. This is our Joseph McCarthy Era!
True. 
Via @BreitbartSports by @warnerthuston: “Donald Trump Buys Four-Time British @The_Open Golf Course” 
I’m in the Oval Office. Democrats come back from vacation now and give us the votes necessary for Border Security including the Wall. You voted yes in 2006 and 3013. One more yes but with me in office I’ll get it built and Fast!
My childcare plan makes a difference for working families - more money more freedom. #AmericaFirst means… 
Serious discussions are taking place between House and Senate leadership  on meaningful Background Checks. I have also been speaking to the NRA and others so that their very strong views can be fully represented and respected. Guns should not be placed in the hands of.....
Based on the attack on Saudi Arabia which may have an impact on oil prices I have authorized the release of oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve if needed in a to-be-determined amount....
...the entire World WAS laughing and taking advantage of us. People like liddle' Bob Corker have set the U.S. way back. Now we move forward!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016LIFE CHANGING EXPERIENCEVideo:  
If @BarackObama really loved this country he wouldn't be destroying it. He has ruined our credit and killed jobs with ObamaCare.
Likewise the primary victims of violent crimes are in the African American and Hispanic communities. These people want LAW AND ORDER now!
President Obama was able to fool the Americans by getting elected but not able to fool Vladimir Putin. Too bad for us!
“With over a 50% Approval Rating at this point in his Presidency analysts believe re-election in 2020 looks (very) promising!” @OANN  Hey we have accomplished more than any President in the first 2 1/2 years WHY NOT?
Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#AmericaFirst🇺🇸 
Almost no news organizations are showing the "satirical" pictures. Gee I wonder why? The media is usually so brave!
“RUBIO’S GANG OF 8 BILL WOULD HAVE REWARDED SANCTUARY CITIES HARBORING ILLEGALS”  Marco is a politician-he flip flops!
.@mkhammer a Fox contributor isn't smart enough to know what is going on at the border. @TheJuanWilliams made the point far better!
Starting to develop a much better relationship with Pakistan and its leaders. I want to thank them for their cooperation on many fronts.
After many years of failurecountries are coming together to  finally address the dangers posed by North Korea. We must be tough &amp; decisive!
....The Witch Hunt is over but we will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
....Our Immigration policy laughed at all over the world is very unfair to all of those people who have gone through the system legally and are waiting on line for years! Immigration must be based on merit - we need people who will help to Make America Great Again!
The Democrats were trying mightily to revive the badly &amp; irrevocably tarnished Witch Hunt Hoax until Robert Mueller put on the greatest display of ineptitude &amp; incompetence that the Halls of Congress have ever seen. Truth is he had no facts on his side. Nothing he could do!
What do you think @amandatmiller is writing? #CelebApprentice
Congratulations to the GREAT Bob Cousy! 
The people of Venezuela stand at the threshold of history ready to reclaim their country – and their future.... 
Because the ban was lifted by a judge many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. A terrible decision
....We no longer pay Pakistan the $Billions because they would take our money and do nothing for us Bin Laden being a prime example Afghanistan being another. They were just one of many countries that take from the United States without giving anything in return. That’s ENDING!
Great read by @VDHanson: “Mexico's Hypocrisy Is Evident In Its Own Strict Policy Toward Immigrants” 
.@FoxNews  Poll numbers plummet on the Democrat inspired and paid for Russian Witch Hunt. With all of the bias lying and hate by the investigators people want the investigators investigated. Much more will come out. A total scam and excuse for the Dems losing the Election!
I got Impeached last might without one Republican vote being cast with the Do Nothing Dems on their continuation of the greatest Witch Hunt in American history. Now the Do Nothing Party want to Do Nothing with the Articles &amp; not deliver them to the Senate but it’s Senate’s call!
Good advice from my father: "Know everything you can about what you're doing." --  Fred C. Trump
Via @BET: “Donald Trump Blasts Beyoncé for Suggestive Super Bowl Show” 
Excellent interview by @CondoleezzaRice on @MarthaMaccallum on @FoxNews. Very interesting and secure perspective on life.
Jusr arrived at the studio - the place is going wild! LIVE AT 8 P.M.  #CELEBRITYAPPRENTICE
New Blog Post: Celebrity Apprentice Finale and Lessons Learned Along the Way: 
Bird killing windfarm that I oppose in Aberdeen just got delayed by at least two years.@AlexSalmond forced the failing developers to delay!
Massive crowd inside and outside the Allen County War Memorial Coliseum in Fort Wayne Indiana! Thank you for joining us tonight - and make sure you get out and  tomorrow! 
So great that John McCain is coming back to vote. Brave - American hero! Thank you John.
I say we cannot continue to let Obama fly around on Air Force 1 at a cost of millions of dollars a day for the purpose of politics &amp; play!
“What we’re seeing on Capitol Hill right now is that the Democrats are walking back any charges of Collusion against the President.” @ByronYork @BillHemmer Should never have been started a disgrace!
New poll by ABC News/Washington Post  TRUMP 32  CARSON 22  RUBIO 10  BUSH 7  Wow how will the media put a negative spin on this one?
Now with our new deal Mexico is doing more for the USA on Illegal Immigration than the Democrats. In fact the Democrats are doing NOTHING they want Open Borderswhich means Illigal Immigration Drugs and Crime.
Our Intelligence has informed us that the Chinese Government is moving troops to the Border with Hong Kong. Everyone should be calm and safe!
Remember when Pelosi was screaming that President Trump is a danger to our nation and we must move quickly. They didn’t get one Republican House vote and lost 3 Dems. They produced no case so now she doesn’t want to go to the Senate. She’s all lies. Most overrated person I know!
United Nations Resolution is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on North Korea. Over one billion dollars in cost to N.K.
Presidential Memorandum for the @CommerceGov @SecretaryRoss re: Aluminum Imports and Threats to National Security:… 
I spell out some of the differences between Ben Carson and myself at 9:00 A.M. on @CNN @jaketapper. Ben is very weak on illegal immigration.
“My view is that not only has Trump been vindicated in the last several weeks about the mishandling of the Dossier and the lies about the Clinton/DNC Dossier it shows that he’s been victimized. He’s been victimized by the Obama Administration who were using all sorts of.......
South Carolina and the audience were GREAT - THANKS!
They should have allowed applause during the TRIBUTE to the departed - Really bad production. Bette Midler sucked! #Oscars
ObamaCare is in serious trouble. The Dems need big money to keep it going - otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought.
Doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M.
Wow! The wonderful Iranian protesters refused to step on or in any way denigrate our Great American Flag. It was put on the street in order for them to trample it and they walked around it instead. Big progress!
Via @Inc by @steelwire: “Donald Trump – To Micromanage or Not To Micromanage?” 
Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on @squawkCNBC 7:30 AM EST. Always interesting.
Four brave Americans died in Benghazi. Administration is still covering up the truth. We deserve to know the full truth.
If everything seems under control you're not going fast enough. -- Mario Andretti
We are gathered together on this solemn occasion to fulfill our most reverent and sacred duty. 35 years ago 241 American service members were murdered in the terrorist attack on our Marine Barracks in Beirut Lebanon. Today we honor our fallen heroes... 
Obama wanted Putin to reset. Instead Putin laughed at him and reloaded.
My thoughts on Dick Cheney and his new book…  #trumpvlog
Penn State is doing a poor job in bringing its mess to a close.They should be ashamed for hiding Sandusky's crimes all these years...
I have instructed Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and he fully agrees not to allow Hoda Muthana back into the Country!
Doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory President O statements and roadblocks.Thought it was going to be a smooth transition - NOT!
The United States will be powerfully supporting those industries like Airlines and others that are particularly affected by the Chinese Virus. We will be stronger than ever before!
Watched the debate last night &amp; Beto O’Rourke who wants higher taxes and far more regulations is not in the same league with Ted Cruz &amp; what the great people of Texas stand for &amp; want. Ted is strong on Crime Border &amp; 2nd A loves our Military Vets Low Taxes. Beto is a Flake!
John Menard of Menards home improvement stores in Midwest treats employees horribly -- should they form a union?  
“He (President Trump) didn’t specifically mention the explicit quid pro quo of…unless you investigate this…we’re going to withhold military aid to you.” Pamela Brown
Via Union Leader: "Trump leads tribute for slain journalist James Foley | New Hampshire First Amendment Awards"  
#CNNDebate Winning the @drudge_report poll- 
Congratulations to Mexico and Canada!
Big crowds standing ovations in South Carolina - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Miss Universe Pageant will be broadcast live from MOSCOW RUSSIA on November 9th. A big deal that will bring our countries together!
Just out - new PPP NATIONAL POLL has me in first place by a wide margin at 29%. I wonder why only @FoxNews has not reported this? Too bad!
So many false and phony T.V. commercials being broadcast in Indiana. Reminds me of Florida where thousands were put up-I won in a landslide!
Looking forward to @VinceMcMahon inducting me into @WWE Hall of Fame this Saturday in @TheGarden. #WWEHOF #WrestleMania
Regardless of the USC's ruling ObamaCare can only be defeated politically. It must be legislatively repealed or America will go bankrupt.
China Trade Deal (and more) in advanced stages. Relationship between our two Countries is very strong. I have therefore agreed to delay U.S. tariff hikes. Let’s see what happens?
....Biden on the board of the largest natural gas company in Ukraine getting paid $83000 a month 10 times as much as a board member of @exxonmobil.” Thank you Ted. He also  made a fortune from China and others but zero before his father became V.P. @MeetThePress
Yesterday was Veterans Day.  I hope our armed service members felt appropriately honored.  This nation loves and respects all of you.
Thank you Tammy. You are doing a GREAT job! 
Why isn’t disgraced FBI official Andrew McCabe being investigated for the $700000 Crooked Hillary Democrats in Virginia led by Clinton best friend Terry M (under FBI investigation that they killed) gave to McCabe’s wife in her run for office? Then dropped case on Clinton!
Many Trump Fans &amp; Signs were outside of the @FoxNews Studio last night in the now thriving (Thank you President Trump) Bethlehem Pennsylvania for the interview with Crazy Bernie Sanders. Big complaints about not being let in-stuffed with Bernie supporters. What’s with @FoxNews?
The United States is spending far more on NATO than any other Country. This is not fair nor is it acceptable. While these countries have been increasing their contributions since I took office they must do much more. Germany is at 1% the U.S. is at 4% and NATO benefits.......
हम भारत आने के लिए तत्पर हैं । हम रास्ते में हैँ कुछ ही घंटों में हम सबसे मिलेंगे!
So funny to watch Little Donny Deutsch on TV with his own failing show. When I did The Apprentice Donny would call me (along with @ErinBurnett &amp; others) and BEG to be on that VERY successful show. He had the TV “bug” &amp; I would let him come on though he (&amp; Erin) had very little..
A GREAT HONOR to spend time with our BRAVE HEROES at the @USMC Air Station Yuma. THANK YOU for your service to the United States of America! 
The original Apprentice returns with a two hour premiere on Thursday September 16th. Looking forward to a fantastic season!
Just a son who loves his Dad. Nice! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment. No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton!

....IG Report which showed him to be a Disgraced &amp; Dirty Cop. Republicans have unified like never before. You don’t impeach Presidents for doing a good (great!) job. No Obstruction No Collusion only treasonous crimes committed by the other side and led by the Democrats. Sad!
A great story in the New York Post ---really well written!
I give the President's speech a 7 on the scale of 0 to 10! Not bad but room for improvement!
Such a “puff piece” on Nancy Pelosi by @60minutes yet her leadership has passed no meaningful Legislation. All they do is Investigate as it turns out crimes that they instigated &amp; committed. The Mueller No Collusion decision wasn’t even discussed-and she was a disaster at W.H.
I don’t know why the Radical Left Democrats want Bob Mueller to testify when he just issued a 40 Million Dollar Report that states loud &amp; clear &amp; for all to hear No Collusion and No Obstruction (how do you Obstruct a NO crime?) Dems are just looking for trouble and a Do-Over!
....will temporarily hold off this designation and step up our joint efforts to deal decisively with these vicious and ever-growing organizations!
Immediately after Comey’s firing Peter Strzok texted to his lover Lisa Page “We need to Open the case we’ve been waiting on now while Andy (McCabe also fired) is acting. Page answered “We need to lock in (redacted). In a formal chargeable way. Soon.” Wow a conspiracy caught?